1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2619
Indians within Kansas. The reason fbr that is
very obvious; which I will explain to the Senate
in as few words as possible.
A treaty was made by the United States with
the western Cherokees in 1828, containing the
original grant to them of lands west of Arkansas.
It is a very large grant, and does not touch the
point I am now considering. In 1833, another
treaty was made with the western Cherokees,
confirming the previous grant; but neither does
that touch these neutral lands. The treaty of
1835 was made with the eastern Chcrokecs; be-
cause,it will be remembered by old Senators here
—I was but a boy then, but I have a faint recol-
lection of it—the Cherokees split into two parties,
the Ross party and the Ridge party, and one
party migrated before thcother; and hence treaties
were made with the Ross party and with the
Ridge portion, the western Cherokees and the
eastern Cherokees. Now they have finally set-
tled all their difficulties, and finally united, and
gone west of Aikansasand Missouri. When they
all went out, they supposed they would need more
land than had been guarantied by the two pre-
vious treaties. Then what did they do? Did the
United States give them these lands? Not at all.
What, then? The United States sold them eight
hundred thousand acres of land for $500,000,
which they paid.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was reserved out of
their money.
Mr. GREEN. On account of the previous
sales in Georgia and Tennessee and north Ala-
bama, the United States owed them, and they paid
for tins land out of their annuities, and out of the
amount due to them under the treaties of sale when
they relinquished their rights in Georgia, Alabama,
east Tennessee, and North Carolina. They thus
paid $500,000 for these neutral lands. Did they
come in as any ordinary purchaser in fee-simple ?
Not at all. While they had ail the rights of a
fee-simple purchase, they had this additional guar-
antee in a solemn treaty, which is the supreme
law of the land, and which we dare not violate:
"The United States hereby covenant and agree that the
lands coded to the Cherokee nation in the foregoing article
shall, in no future time, without their conscnt, be included
within the terutonal hunts or jurisdiction of any State or
Territory. But they shall secuie to the Cheiokee nation
the right by their national councils to make and cany into
effect all such laws as they may deem necessary lor the
government and protection of the persons and piopcrty
within their own country, belonging to their people, or bucli
peisons as have connected themselves with them : Provided
always That they shall not be inconsistent with the Consti-
tution of the United States, and such acts of Congress as
have been or may be passed icgulating trade and mtei course
with the Indians; and also, that they shall not be coiihid-
eted as extending to such citizens and Army ot the United
State* a  may travel oi reside m the Indian country by per-
mission, accoid-ing to the laws and regulations established
by the Government, of the same."
Here is a positive treaty stipulation, in conform-
ity with the two previous treaties to which I have
referred; but as they do not cover land falling
within Kansas, I confine myself mainly to this,
in which they received the land for a considera-
tion of $500,000 paid by them, with this special
guarantee that it never should be included wnhin
the limits of any State or Tcrntoiy.
When Kansas was organized as a Territory,
and when the policy of the United States Govern-
ment was supposed to be to run the States from the
eastern border to the summit of the Rocky Mount-
ains, they did include this same land, but they
put in a provision excepting the jurisdiction over
it, although the boundary nominally ran around
it. Now, one question will arise here, and 1 want
to deal frankly with Senators. The Topckacon-
stitution included this Indian land, and the Senator
from Vermont sustained that constitution. The
Lecompton constitution included this land, and 1
sustained that constitution. Now, let us be frank
with each other for once. Then the question will
be, how comes it that we sustained these two pre-
vious constitutions and make this complaint now?
I answer, that when the Topcka constitution was
presented, Senators were looking at one thing
only, and never thought about this; when the
Lecompton constitution was presented, the ques-
tion was never raised, and I never thought about
it; but I am free to admit that if my attention had
been called to it, I should have proposed the same
amendment that I propose now to this bill in re-
gard to the southern boundary. Why, then, has
my attention been called to it now? The chiefs
and head men of the Cherokee nation have pre-
sented me their memorial, which is lying on your
table. My attention thus having been called to the
subject, seeing a positive treaty stipulation and
guarantee that no jurisdiction, State or territorial,
should ever be exercised over this tract of land, I
cannot disregard the appeal. When the territo-"
rial government was organized there was no harm
done; and why? Because we at all times retained
the right to control and change the territorial or-
ganization as we please. But the Senator from
Vermont says—and upon that I intend to join
issue with him—that the provisions of the House
bill are just like the provisions of the Kansas or-
ganic act in that regard. I want the attention of
Senators to this point, because I deem it exceed-
ingly important. Here is the provision in the
House bill:
"Provided, That nothing contained m the *aul constitu-
tion respecting the boundary ot said Stale shall bo con-
strued to impair the rights of person or piopcrty now per-
taining to the Indians m said Territoiv, so long as such
rights remain unextinguished by treaty between the United
States and such Indians, or to include any terntory which,
by treaty with such Indian tube, is not, without the con-
sent of said tribe, to bctnchuled within the tcrntoiia! lim-
its or jurisdiction of any State or Territory; but all such
territory shall be excepted out ol the boundaries, and con-
stitute no part of the State of Kansas, until <=aid tribe <diall
signily their assent to the President of the United States to
be included within said State, or to affect the authority of
the Government of the United States to make any regula-
tion respecting such Indians, their lands, property, or other
lights, by treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have
been competent to make if this act had never passed."*'
That is the precise language of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill; but here is the point—and the Sen-
ator from Vermont seems to have overlooked it,
and I want his attention to it, for I know he will
deal with it candidly—Congress,in the act of ad-
mission, puts this in; but is it in the Wyandotte
constitution? Did the people of Kansas make this
exception? Not at all. Here is the constitution
of Kansas, which fixes her boundary, and makes
no exception. When Congress say to them,
" We take you in with this exception," have they
not first to assent before they are in ? Is not that
as plain as that two and two make four? Can
Congiess change the constitution of Kansas?
The House bill proposes to change that constitu-
tion—a change to which they have never assented.
There was a cry raised here that the Lecompton
constitution did not express the will of the people.
How did you know it? Did you not jump at the
conclusion? I have a right to believe that the
Wyandotte constitution docs express the will of
the people of Kansas; and yet you propose to
change it, and put it in force without consulting
them—a high-handed, arbitrary, illegal, uncon-
stitutional thing. Every time you make an ex-
ception to their constitution; every time you pro-
pose to change their boundary; every time you
propose to interfere with any provision which it
contains, you must resubmit it to them, or it is
not the constitution of the people of Kansas.
Now, whether you submit it to a convention of
Kansas, or to the people,for a direct vote, I would
not snap my finger for the choice; but Congress
are to say: 44Yes; we take you in with your
boundary, provided you cut out one thiid;" and
then, \vc say: uWu will not resubmit it, and re-
consult the people of Kansas." Popular sover-
eignty, where are you? Left to the remotest
regions. Here Congress is to legislate to change
a constitution for a State. The change of bound-
aries I propose is coupled with this provision:
with this change, we submit it for your consider-
ation; if you approve it, come into the Union,
and we will receive you with pleasure; but if you
repudiate it, you stand m your territorial condi-
tion. This was done with Missouii; this was
done with Michigan, this was done with Iowa,
Wisconsin, and other States; and because it is
proposed in the case of Kansas, it is said that we
are striking at popular sovereignty, and that we
are undoing what we have guarantied m the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill that we would do.
Mr. President, as I before remarked, I now re-
peat, but for the political connections associated
with this question, not five Senators here would
vote for the admission of Kansas without some
amendments such as I have indicated. The House
bill cannot be sustained without umendmcnt^un-
Icss you lesubmitthe question to the people ofKan-
sas, or do them violence and wrong; but I am
not for hurting the people of Kansas. When I
propose to them to change the boundary, and
make them conform to what I think would be a
due partition of the Territpry, I propose to con-
sult them, either in person or by. their delegates
in convention assembled, leaving them to choose
between the two. When you propose to change
it,you propose not to consult them. Now., sup-
pose you admit Kansas under this bill,and Kan-
sas never assents to the proviso that you have
inserted here, will Kansas be in at all? If in,
will this provision be obligatory on her? If so,
are you not doing violence to the will of the peo-
ple there, who have never been consulted on the
subject, and whose voice is not solicited to say
whether it be right or wrong, and whether it
meets their approbation or not? Will it riot
be so?
in the case of Missouri, Congress said to Mis-
souri: " You may come in, provided you will pass
a solemn public act by your Legislature;" and
Missouri was never in until that solemn public act
was passed, which was drawn by my colleague's
predecessor, Mr. Geyer, and which he always
said was a solemn public farce. The reason why
he pronounced it a solemn public farce was this:
the constitution had been adopted by the people
in convention assembled; that constitution pro-
vided its own mode by which it might be changed;
and this was a legislative act intended to change
it, and hence it was a nullity. He denominated
it, therefore, a solemn public farce. If you are
now going to say that the Legislature of Kansas
shall assent to this, that will be what Mr. Geyer
denominated a solemn public farce. If you say
the people shall first assent to it, either themselves
in person or by their representatives in convention
assembled, you will act in conformity with the
principles of republican government; but for you
to pass it, and make no provision whatever, is
such a proceeding as has never been encouraged,
or countenanced, or ever taken place since this
Government was organized. Show me, sir, if
you can, where the boundaries fixed by a consti-
tution have ever been changed by Congress with-
out a resubmission. You do change them by this
very act. 1 propose to change them a little more;
but I propose, with my changes, to resubmit the
question to the people; and all the people's friends
who have been so clamorous for their rights
ought to rally around me, 1 think, rather than
around those who go for choking it down their
throats. Will you ram it down their throats? In
the language of an eloquent Senator not now pres-
ent, will you force upon them a constitution they
do not want, and call that a republican govern-
ment ?
Mr. President, I have indicated the amendments
which I propose and intend to propose. 1 have
shown that the population is notsufficicnt, so far
as we have any evidence. I have shown that this
is a high-handed, arbitrary, revolutionary, nullifi-
cation movement; and that those who are so loud in
denouncing nullification ought to be the first to
stand by the law and resist this application. I
have shown, however, that we ought to admit
Kansas as soon as we reasonably can with safety
to ourselves, and with due regard to a proper par-
tition of the Territory. I have shown that the
boundary she claims is insufficient to make a
State; that she has cut off a portion on the west-
ern end which no other Territory, organizing it-
self without the consent of Congress, ever did, or
ever became binding until Congress did assent to
it. I have shown that to change the boundary,
and to extend it up to the north, will make this
a good State; while, if you admit it as it is, it will
be a weak, inefficient, poor, and dilapidated one.
i I have shown that you cannot, with due regard
I to your treaty stipulations, include the Cherokee
! lands and the Quapaw lands; and if you do it,
! you violate the solemn obligations entered into
' with those tiibes. These facts being so, 1 next
say, that when you declare that you except them
out, if you do it, you are bound to resubmit the
matter, or else you arc practicing an arbitrary and
tyrannical rule, such as you denounced in the case
of the Lecompton constitution — denounced in
every speech you ever made on this subjcct here-
tofore; and that you cannot, as consistent men,
Senators, statesmen, representatives of the peo-
ple, sustain it. This provision, without a resub-
mission to the people, is null and void; and when
I say the people, 1 mean the people in person, by
their representatives in convention assembled.
This constitution provides in itselfliow it may be
changed. You propose to changc U, not in con-
