I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
238
3Gtii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Conlcling.
Ho. 01? Reps.
abhorrence of slavery;" because such sentiments
arc " calculated to produce a disorderly disaffec-
tion among slaves!" The man who should, in
conversation, or through the columns of a news-
paper, question the right to hold slaves in Kansas,
would be convicted of felony, and punished by
imprisonment at hard labor for a term not less
than two years! Where would be the liberty of
speech and of the press, while such laws existed?
Again, sir, this law would disqualify from sitting
as a juror almost every man born in a free State,
who might emigrate to^urTerritories, and would
pack a jury with men who believed slavery to be
a Divine institution! What a glorious thing the
right of trial by jury will become in the Territo-
ries of the United States, when the blessings of a
slave code shall be extended over them !
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am not saying that these
laws arc unnecessary. I concede the fact, that it
is only through the agency of such laws against
liberty of speech, and freedom of thought, that the
institution of slavery can be established in the
Territories. And this is one reason why I oppose
the system of slavery, since it cannot exist ex-
cept by banishing free speech and freedom of the
press.
Allusion has been made during this session to
the late lamented Henry Clay—a name never to
be pronounced by me but in terms of respect and
veneration. Often have I wished that" bold Harry
of the West," as we used to call him, might have
been spared to rise in his place here, and blast,
with his scathing eloquence, the disunion senti-
ments uttered upon this floor. I would ask what
that wise and able statesman would have said to
the proposition that the Constitution carries sla-
very into the Territories, and that it is entitled to
protection through the instrumentality of a slave
code? Sir, though dead, he yet speaks, and shall
be heard. In alluding to the claim set up, that
slavery might legally extend itself over Territo-
ries that were free, even south of the Missouri
compromise line, he said:
"There are gentlemen who maintain that, ly virtue of
the Constitution, the right to carry slaves south of that line
already exists. If I had not heard that opinion avowed, f
should have regaided it as one of the most extraordinary
assumptions, and the most indefensible positions, that was
ever taken by man." * * * * "If slaves
mo voluntarily carried into such a jurisdiction, (vvheie sla-
very does not exist by local State law,) their chains instantly
drop off, and they become free} emancipated, liberated, from
their tandajje."
Again,he said:
" So long as God allows the vital current to flow through
my veins, I will never, never, never, by woid or thought,
by mind or will, aid m hubmittirig one lood of fiee territoiy
to the eveil.i5.ung curse of human bondage."
Sir, this is a Republican doctrine—no more, no
less. And yet gentlemen who profess to revere
the name of Henry Clay, denounce us as traitors
and enemies, with whom it is wrong to hold in-
tercourse.
Let mc say, in conclusion, that it should be our
constant aim to preserve this glorious Uniop, in
the purity with which we received it from the early
fathers. This motive has controlled all my po-
litical action; it governs mc to-day; and I know
that I represent a people who arc ready to^ lay
down their lives, if need be, for the great princi-
ples upon which our admirable system of gov-
ernment was founded. This feeling involves no
terms of submission to wrong—no compromise
with slavery; but does imply forbearance, pa-
tience, and prudence, in all our political differ-
ences and conflicts. In the constant struggle for
right, wc must be prepared for reverses and tem-
porary defeats; yet, when depressed, wc should
not forget that truth, like a sunbeam, cannot be
long obscured, but, when the clouds have passed
away, will appear again in all its brilliancy, puri-
ty, and power. Let us ever bear in remem-
brance, that with God and justice on our side, we
are strong, though the num bers against us may be
as the sands on the sea-shore.
A glance at the comparative difference between
tho several Statcsofthis Union shows the wisdom
of our fathers in prohibiting the extension of
slavery. As we have,m a moment of error, wan-
dered from the path they marked out for us, let
us, in the language of Mr. Jefferson, "hasten to
retrace our steps, and to regain the road which
alone leads to peace, liberty, and safety." Let
us unite in driving this corrupt Administration
from power, and save our beloved country from
being covered with the blighting curse of human
bondage! Let us unite and roll back tho tide of
corruption and subserviency, which has made the
miscalled Democratic organization a mere pro-
slavery, sectional, spoils party, by planting our-
selves on the pure doctrines of the early fathers
of the Republic. If successful, the epitaph en-
graved upon the tombstone of modern Democracy
will be:
" Low lie the proud,
And smitten by the weapons of the poor—
The blacksmith's hammer, and the woodman's ax.
Their tale is told :
For that they were rich, and robbed the poor;
For that they were strong, and scourged the weak;
For that they made laws
Which turned the sweat of labor's brow to blood;
For these, their sins, the nation cast them out.55
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C0NKLING,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Hodse of Representatives,
J}pril 17, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CONKLING said:
Mr. Chairman: I purpose to remark upon that
part of the message wherein the President in-
forms us that the fate of all the Territories of the
Republic has been irrevocably sealed by the ac-
tion of a court of law.
The announcement is a very extraordinary one.
It could never have been made had our institu-
tions been purely elective. Objectionable as such
a system may have appeared to our fathers, it
would have preserved the American Congress for-
ever from such a greeting as the present Execu-
tive has sent us.
With no powers or agencies save those con-
ferred directly by the people, and these deprived
of the clement of growth by provisions uproot-
ing them at fiequent intervals, an age of the Gov-
ernment would not have come when a judicial tri-
bunal would attempt, in the sense implied by the
President, a "final settlement" of great political,
questions. Certainly no such attempt would have
been based upon theories falsifying the history of
the country, and calculated to cnthrone'barbansm
in every territorial possession, if not in the States
themselves. But, sir, the checks and balances ad-
justed by our fathers have proved inadequate to
avert so strange a contingency.^Tbc Government
had not reached the allotted years of man when its
judicial department attempted all that lhave stated.
In a case presenting the simple question of one poor
plaintiff's right to maintain his action, the Supreme
Court has undertaken to fix forever the most sacred
rights of millions. The step, to be sure, was pre-
mature. Ample in jurisdiction, and impatient to
exercise it, that august tribunal was unwilling to
turn a black man from its doors without excessive
reasonings. The citizenship of the plaintiff was
the only point in judgment, and that being determ-
ined adversely to him, the case was at an end.
Nevertheless, the opinions swell into a museum
of discussion, which, however distinguished the
debaters, deserves no reverence as law. But the
formal want of authority in these disquisitions is
practically important only in so far as it gives
pause to events and affords time calmly to dc-
termineconstitutionalnghtsaiid limitations. That
this interval will be long, cannot be expected. An
occasion must soon arise for imparting the forms
of law to these premonitory manifestoes. Should
it arise during the existence of the present bench,
it will no doubt be eagerly embraced, and then
will be presented a question perhaps the gravest
of the kind the present generation will be called
upon to solve.
In its first approach it will seem a question of
slavery or freeuom; but it will turn out to be a
conflict of prerogatives and powers, a collision
of forces in the Government, affecting more or
less the fate of every popular right A powerful
party-will be fouud in the country, maintaining
that the Supreme Court of the United States is
clothed with authority to say what laws Congress
may, and what laws Congress shall not, enact;
and that, whenever this authority has been exer-
cised, neither the Executive nor Congress may
overstep the limits it has prescribed. On the other
hand, organizations, policies, and eternal princi-
ples will cry out against imperial assumptions, .
and the issue will stretch far beyond even the '
undiscoverable confines of the one pervading i  
question of Human slavery. if
Should the court party prevail, and the Con-
stitution be held to endow the judiciary with cen-
sorship of Congress, the immediate result must
be to turn into bold usurpation the leading states-
manship of half a century; to ostracise the most
numerous and liberal political party in the coun-
try, and to set up dogmas repugnant to the ma-
terial interests of the nation and abhorrent to the
convictions of the Christian world.
Such an epoch could not occur in the history
of the present generation unaccompanied by un-
toward results. Violent revulsions would end in
a restoration of the philosophy of the past, and
constitutional majorities, at whatever cost, would
sternly resume their sway. _ .
The relationships and pretensions of slavery a/
were determined in this country long ago. In-
spired by the great conceptions in which the
foundations of the Government were laid, con-
scious of the exalted purposes it was intended to
subserve, profoundly instructed in its philosophy
and scope, the men who inaugurated the Consti-
tution pursued no ambiguous or deviating course
on the subject of slavery.
The eariy hours of Congress were devoted to
curbing the career of this then universally admit-
ted evil. Statesmen of all parties united in treat-
ing involuntary servitude as a stationary, and not
a progressive institution; and the Federal Legis-
lature was the sovereign power invoked to pre-
vent its territorial encroachment. The warrant
for this policy was found in the Constitution; the
free sentimentof the country demanded and vital-
ized it. That sentiment has been goaded to a
rapid and continual increase.
Deploring slavery as a sad national misfortune,
revolting at it as a barbarous and detestable crime,
the inhabitants of the free States have over sought,
by moral and political forces, to dissuade and dis-
courage it.
For long years this was a moderate and forbear-
ing effort, often abated by a spirit of kindnes and
concession; still oftener by an aversion to angry
agitation. But now, sir, changes have passed
over us. Violated covenants, lawless and nefa-
rious proceedings, bloodshed upon distant fields,
usurpations and brutalities in this Capitol, bra-
vado in this Hall, fresh assumptions everywhere.,
have lashed the public mind into intense activity.
From this tune forth we are to have results, ,
and not arrangements; issues, and not compro-
mises. The free States insist that slavery shall
remain localized m the slaveholdmg States, and
that even there, its increase, unaided by piracy,
shall be only the odds of the game between birth
and death.
With an unalterable determination that slavery
shall never range this continent, there lives a hope
that, even in its abiding places, it will wither and
die. This, however, is the prayer of humanity;
not the mission of a party.
But the Supreme Court asserts that every acre
of the Territories is already the rightful prey of
slavery; and, in the" language of the President,
that " neither Congress nor a Territorial Legis-
lature, nor any human power, lias any authority
to annul or impair this vested right." Such will
be the decision of the present court; and the so-
phistry which supports it would carry bondage
into every State in tho Republic.
The whole subject, then, will be broad enough,
the conviction of the public mind deep enough,
to lay the foundatior of a great conflict between
legislative and judicial power. The controversy .
will derive seriousness from its immediate results,
but still more from the equilibrium or preponder-
ance it will establish among the three great forces
of the Government. *
Mr. Chairman, it is no part of my purpose
now to examine the soundness of the argument
pf Judge Taney and lus associates, nor to inquire
whether that argument, when it takes on the sanc-
tions of a decision, will be good law or bad. That
inquiry has been elaborately prosecuted here and
elsewhere, and never with more felicity than the
