234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE,
[April If,
86™ Cong.... 1st Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Colliding.
Ho. op Reps.
other day, when, in treating it, the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cortvin] recalled from
long banishment the almost forgotten spirit of
parliamentary eloquence.
My business to-day is with the power of the
Supreme Court, not with its wisdom. My object
is to ascertain whether decisions of the judiciary
are binding upon the law-making department of
the Government; and, if not binding, how far they
should influence legislative action.
The war of independence was waged to redress
really but a single grievance; and that was, the
origination and enforcement of laws not instituted
by those who were expected to obey them.
The Revolution accomplished but a single re-
form; and that was, to endow the colonists with
sovereign right to make, unmake, and modify
their laws and institutions.
The men who died for this great prerogative,
not more than those who .lived to achieve and
perpetuate it, were profoundly learned in the real-
ities of civil liberty. Conversant with the systems
of modern statesmen, they had studied the dreams
of the old philosophers, who saw visions of organ-
ized freedom before the age of free governments
had dawned. They had pondered the experience
of despotisms and democracies, and explored the
paths by which republics had descended from
greatness to decay. Then* ancestors, exiles from
many Governments, had bequeathed a hatred of
the wrongs of all. The French Revolution was
just delivering its terrible message to mankind.
^Mieir own ennobling experience, the sympathies,
the prayers, the warnings of the world, all con-
spired to elevate their appreciation of that attri-
bute of a people which had perished, save in
America: I mean complete, civilized freedom—
freedom unimpaired by the existence of a single
prerogative residing anywhere save in the people
themselves.
Thus prepared for their great undertaking, the
men of 1787 bent every energy to the formation
of a Government which should preserve forever
all the liberties just achieved. If there were those
whoso purposes were different; those who doubted
the longevity of republican institutions—who, for
the sake of imparting strength and stability to the
government to be formed, favored the surrender
of popular supremacy—they were not the men
whose counsel prevailed in the plan that was
adopted, or the result that was attained. The
party which ruled the Federal convention, and
which afterwards predominated in the delibera-
tions of the States upon the proposed Constitution,
was the party which insisted on the jealous res-
ervation by the people of every right and power
not indispensable to the vitality of the Govern-
ment.
I speak of reservations by the people, and not
by the States; beeruise, for the purposes of my
argument, it is wholly immaterial now-far the
Government of the United States is, as now as-
serted, a confederation of soveieigntirs, and how
far it is, as the Supreme Court long ago decided,
a union of the people themselves. It is, then, to
the liberal element of the convention that we must
look to discover, as far as the intention of its
frame rs can be carried into its construction, the
meaning of the Constitution.
If the construction, now for the first time con-
tended for by the party calling itself Democratic,
be true, the apostles of limited government, in
their earliest ministrations,installed a powei prac-
tically as irrevocable and irresponsible as an arti-
ficial power could be, and more sweeping and
absolute in its supremacy than any judicial tri-
bunal mentioned in history.
j\rot the imperial chamber of Maximilian, not
the courts whose records have been kept by the
headsman at the block, certainly no tribunal
winch has escaped the execrations of humanity,
ever wielded such unmeasured power.
Why, sir, the infallibility ascribed to the Su-
preme Court makes the Constitution, the institu-
tions uf the country, nothing but wax in the hands
of judges; it amounts to a running power of amend-
ment.
If the Constitution as the court now expounds
it, is the Constitution we, as legislators, are sworn
to support, our allegiance in the year of grace
1880 is due to an instrument very different from
that which guided those who have gone before us.
But without allowing myself to dwell upon the
enormity of such a power, let me speak of the
anomaly of its existence.
The Federal polity of this country is nothing
more than three agencies—the legislative, the ex-
ecutive, and the judicial; all alike constituted by
the people, to do particular acts.
However disguised by titles or deified by as-
criptions, these several departments are mere
agents of *one principal, servants of one master;
acting an l being under one appointment; namely,
the Constitution of the United States.
Now, by what dislocation of the settled notions
of centuries, should one of three agents, coevgtl
and identical in origin, be suffered to determine for
himself, as against all the world, not merely his
own powers, but the rights and powers of his co-
agentSjthe construction and effect of the common
warrant, and the powers, remedies, and rights of
the common principal; and this without escape
and without appeal? Bear in mind,in the case I
am putting, the principal is the jealous people I
have described; the powers flung r.way arc the
same just rescued from eternal loss by martyr-
dom and war.
But, sir, this one overmastering agent is a more
marvelous creation than I have stated. Its ap-
pointment is perpetual, and was executed in blank;
the principal not knowing whose name might fill
it at first, nor who would succeed when changes
should occur. The other two of these three
agents are selected directly and solely by their
authorizing power, and they yield up their trusts
finally at frequent intervals. But notwithstanding
this, the uncounted and unlimited powers were all,
we are told, given to the one whose appointment is
irrevocable and whose personality the principal
can never know. Should we commiserate as
madmen, condemn as criminals, or commend as
statesmen, the men who would introduce into a
State such an arrangement as I have supposed ?
Yet, sir, this is no exaggeration of the action
imputed to those who, on the 25th of May, 1787,
with Washington at their head, commenced the
task of revising the old Articles of Confederation.
With a Constitution to devise, establishing three
departments of Government, it is now asserted
that they constituted one of these departments
supreme; not merely within its own sphere, but
supreme in every sphere, and paramount virtu-
ally to the Constitution and to the reserved rights
of those who weic to ordain it.
The department thus inflated with supremacy
is the one removed furthest from the origin of all
political power isr this country; the one least in
sympathy with the people; and restrained from
trampling upon popular rights by nothing save
that most unreliable of safeguards, the fidelity of
unwatched human nature.
It is, Mir, essentially an irresponsible power;
but little less, at best, than an oligarchy in the
Republic.
I know there is a power of impeachment lying
back in the recesses of the Constitution; but, as
Mr. Jefferson said,itdoos not reach th^cfficiency
of n " scarecrow." Corrupt intention, so sheer
as to be demonstrable, is the only basis of im-
peachment decisions can afford; and human inten-
tion, hiding among subtilticsan^ skulking among
pretexts, has ballled discovery for six thousand
years.
I repeat, that this overtopping instrumentality is
an irresponsible existence, designed, as seems to
be supposed, to absorb all the elements of political
power.
Can it he that such was the intention of the
fathers of the Government ? Unnatural, ruinous,
culpable as such a perversion of reason and com-
mon sense would nave been in the structure of
the earliest and rudest democracy, itcould hardly
have crept into a fabric raised by men who bunlt,
not in the gray twilight of the morning, but with
the rays of enlightened centuries-streaming upon
them.
In all the models from which they drew their
ideas of free government, where did they find an
anomaly like this? Antagonism to such consoli-
dated powers was the ruling glory of the land
whose laws and customs they chiefly imitated.
Monarchy as she was, England had long been
ruled by laws made in the people's Parliament,
and these laws were ommpotentoverking,church,
and aristocracy. She had no written constitution;
her ecclesiastical and royal prerogatives dated
back for centuries; the illiberality of her system in
other respects had driven many of her children
to foreign lands; but an untamable love of liberty
had compelled a recognition of popular suprem-
acy and right. This example, with its glowing
history, hallowed as an inheritance from parents,
must have been strangely lost, indeed, upon the
sons of constitutional liberty.
But, Mr. Chairman, all this is mere speculation
upon what the men of the Revolution would have
been likely to do. Let us come to what, in fact,
they did; and here we must rely mainly upon the
records of the Federal convention. The debates
in the State conventions shed little light on the
precise point I am endeavoring to present. With
the States, the query respecting the proposed Fed-
eral judiciary was, how far it would overshadow
their own sovereignties and tribunals. For ob-
vious reasons, these were questions of greater
interest to them than the bearings upon each other
of the Federal departments. In the Federal con-
vention the case was different. There, no subject
earlier engaged attention, and none received more
serious consideration, than the hazards of unre-
strained and unbalanced legislative power, and the
necessity of providing against it.
The debates recalled the fate of the Italian Re-
publics,and the other States which had gone down
in daikness, under the fell sway of single un-
checked assemblies. Every danger of unlimited
power to make laws; every objection to it; all the
evils it might occasion, were weighed again and
again. By common accord, every abridgment
necessary was sought after, and carefully ad-
justed and applied. A second legislative assembly,
which might check and overrule the first, was the
earliest expedient adopted. The mode of select-
ing the members of these two bodies; the dura-
tion of their terms of office; the basis and ratio of
representation in the case of each—all were differ-
ent. These diversities of organization in the
two Houses were carefully contrived, in order to
check, by self-counteraction, inherent tendencies
to evil.
The nrfture and composition of the Legislature
being agreed on and perfected, its functions came
to be considered, and then the external checks by
which it might be regulated. Its powers were not
only defined, guarded, and even enumerated, but
carefully distributed between the two Houses, so
that each should have its exclusive responsibili-
ties, which might never be shared by the other.
This done, anxious hours were spent in provid-
ing and arranging some outer guard to Congress.
The first suggestion was the veto power. It
encountered a whirlwind of denunciation. It was
at one time proposed to give the Executive a neg-
ative upon the action of "Congress, which should
be final. This proposition passed m the nega-
tive, every State voting against it. The idea of
imposing any external rein at all upon the Le-
gislature, met with stern resistance. It was op-
posed as anti-republican; it was stigmatized as
an offshoot of monarchy. So jealous were our
fathers lest anything; should fasten itself upon the
Constitution savoring in the least of encroach-
ment upon the democratic element of the Govern-
ment ! And yet, sir, how harmless, how trifling,
how impotent is the veto power, compared with
the dictatorship now proposed for the Supreme
Court. In the first place, the act it authorizes is
conclusive upon no one. After a bill has been
vetoed, the votes-of two thirds of the two Houses
still make it a law; and a two-third vote is no
more than in the first instance is necessary ill
many of the States to the passage of various bills.
But, sir, more than this, the veto power is not
confidcd to a body of men whose number is left
indefinite, and must ever remain subject to stat-
utory alteration; but to a single man, whose very
individuality exposes him to rigid accountability.
The veto power was not intrusted to keepers
selected, nominated, and confirmed without any
agency or knowledge of the people, but to an of-
ficer chosen by universal suffrage. Better than
all, the veto power was committed to a custodian
who can never abuse it longer than four years;
not to men whose life tenures may continue them
in place long after their usefulness is ended. But,
sir, we shall find something yet more specific in
