I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
36th Cong....1st Sess.
'The President's Message—Mr. Conhling.
Ho. of Reps.
the doings of the old State House to tell us whether
the men who immortalized it meant the purple
vest to lurk among the folds of a judge's gown.
Judicial meddling with legislation is no new con-
ceit. The journal of the convention is a stinging
satire upon it, for it showed its head there under
the name of a " council of revision." On the 29th
of May, the third day after its business began,
Edmund Randolph, of Virginia, introduced fifteen
resolves, which constituted the groundwork of
much of the subsequent action and deliberation of
the convention. The eighth of these resolutions
was as follows:
" Resolved, That the Executive, and a convenient num-
ber of tiie national judiciary, ought to compose a council of
revision, With authouty to examine every act of the na-
tional Legislature betore it shall operate, and every act of a
particular Legislature before a negative thereon shall be
final; and that the dissent of said council shall amount to
a rejection, unless the act of the national Legislature shall
be again passed, or that of a particular Legislature be again
negatived by of the members of each branch."
Mr. Elliot, in the fourth volume of his De-
bates, at pages 56, 57, and GO, traces " the de-
cline and fall" of this proposition. It perished for
lack of the lights of modern Democracy, which
had not then dawned upon the world. Ihe jour-
nal shows that, on the 4th of June,
'♦ It was then moved and seconded to take into consider-
ation the firsi clause of the eighth lesolution, submitted by
Mr. Randolph, namely:
UiResolved, That the national Executive and a conven-
ient uumber ol the national judiciary ought to compose a
council ot revision.'
" It was then moved to postpone the consideration of the
said clause, m order to introduce the following resolution,
submitted by Mi. Geny, namely:
'♦' Resolved, That the national Executive shall have a
ughtto negative any legislative act, wnieh shall not be after-
watds passed unless by parts ot the national Legisla-
tuie.'
"And on the question to postpone, it passed in the
affiimauvc:
Yeas—Massachusetts, New Yoi k, Pennsylvania^ Noith
Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia—6.
u$ays — Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Vir-
ginia—4.
"It was then moved by Mr. Wilson, seconded by Mr.
Hamilton, to strike out the words 'shall not be al toi wauls
passed but by parts of each branch of the national Le-
gislature and on the question to strike out the woids, it
passed unanimously in the negative.
uIt was then moved by Mr. Butler, seconded by Dr.
Franklin, that the lesolution be altered, so as to read:
k*♦ Resolved, That the national Executive have power to
suspend any legislative act for 
uj\nd on the question to agree to the alteration, it passed
unanimously in the negative.
" A question was then taken oh the resolution submitted
by Mr. Gerry, namely :
"' Resolved, That the national Executive shall have the
right to negative anv legislative act, which shall not be
aftei wards passed unless by two-thirdpaitsof cach branch
of th" national Legislatme.'
k' And on the question to agree to the same, it passed in
the afiirm.il ive:
" Yeas—Massachusetts, New Yoik. Pennsylvania, Del-
aware, Virginia, Noith Caiolma, youth Caiolma, and Geor-
gia— 8.
"■Nays—Connecticut, ami Maryland—2.
"it was then moved by Mr. Wilson, and seconded by
Mi. Madison, that the following amendment be made to
the last resolution . After the woids ' national Executive,'
to add the \vni(ii>,' a convenient number of the national judi-
ciary '
"An objection being taken, by Mr. Hamilton, to the in-
troduction of the last amendment at this time, notice was
given by Mi. WiUon, seconded by Mr. Madron, that the
same would be moved to-monow. Wednesday assigned to
recon-idei.
Wtw-iDAY, June G, 1787.
" On motion of Mi. Wilson, seconded by Mr. Madison,
to amend the eighth resolution, which ic^pccts the nega-
tive to be voted m the national Executive, b> adding, aftei
the woids ' national 12\< cutive,' the woids ronre- ;
nient number of the national judicial}!,'' !
"On the question to agiee to the addition of these woids, ,
it pa^-ed m the negative: |
♦• Yeas.—Connecticut, Xevv York, and Virginia—3. j
" Nays—Massachu>ett>, New Jerse\. Pennsylvania, Del- j
awai e, Mar) land, tioutii Caiolina. and Georgia—8." ;
Chief Justice Yates, in his Secret Debates, lets :
vis still further into the feelings aroused by this
proposal for judicial monitors. At pages (iO and
61 of his notes, he makes these entries:
"8. Resolved, That the Executive and a number of the
judicial officer^ ought to compose a council of tevKion.
"Mr Geiry objects to tlie clause, moves iN postpone-
ment, in order to let in a motion ' that the rizht of revision
should be in the Executive only.*
" Mr. Wii-on contend"- that the Executive and judicial
ought to have a joint and full negative; they cannot other-
wise preserve their importance against the Legislature.
" Mr. King was against the interfeience of the judicial;
the\) may he biased in the interpretation. Ho i? therefore to
give the Executive a complete negative.
" Carried to be postponed."
Thus it will be seen that but three States fa-
vored this soft-sounding "council of revision.,s
When the Constitution had taken shape, an-
other attempt was made to open the door between
Congress and the'eourt. The journal shows, at
page 135 of the same volume, that on the 15th of
August,
" It was moved by Mr. Madison, and seconded, to agree
to the following amendment of the tlmteenth section ot the
sixth articlc . ' Every bill which shall have passed the two
Houses shall, before it becomes a law, be severally pie-
sented to the President of the United States and to the
judges of the Supreme Court, for the revision of each. If,
upon such revision, they shall approve of it, they shall
respectively sigmly their approbation by signing it; but if
upon f-uch levision it shall appear improper to cither, or
both, to be passed into a law, it thai! be icturned, with the
objections against it, to that House m which it shall have
onging^pd, who shall entei the objections at latge on then
Journal, and pioceed to reconsider the bill; but if alter
buch i consideration, two thirds ofthat'House, when either
the President or «t majority of the judges shall object, or
three fourths, wheie both shall object, shall agree to pass
it, it shall, together with the objections, be sent id the other
House, by which it shall likewise be leconsidered ; and it
approved by two thuds or three fouiths of the other House,
as the case may be, it shall become a lawwhich passed
m the negative :
" Yeas—Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia—3.
"Nays—New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Noith Carolina, South Caro-
lina, and Georgia—8."
This last proposition was, it will be seen, dis-
connected with everything to which the States
could object. It was a proposal merely to allow
the judges to sujiervise, in a limited sense, the acts
of Congress.
Abhorrent as this scheme of revision seems to
have been to the illustrious men who discussed
it, see how infinitely it falls short, in every ground
of objection, of the doctrine that the court is mon-
arch, government, final arbiter, what you will, of
political controversies.
The u council of revision" was not to act final-
ly, and, composed as it was to be, it would have
been not only to some extent a responsible body,
hut operative upon all laws without exception,
and therefore affording some hope of consistency.
Why was this comparatively harmless grant of
power refused, if the intention was to give the
judiciary absolute, final power to defeat legisla-
tion ?
Mr. MILES. I do not like to interrupt the gen-
tleman, for I have been listening to his argument,
which really is an able one, with great interest.
I would like him to tell us right here, however,
upon what it is he builds up his assertion that this
side of the House holds to any-such doctrine as
that which he states. I do not recognize that the
Supreme Court is the absolute arbiter of, or has
any power over, political questions between the
States.
Mr. CONKLING. I have heard the gentle-
man before disclaim being a communicant of that
church of which Mr. Buchanan is the visible
head, [laughter;] and I have no idea that, in the
event of his political demise, masses would be
said for him in Democratic cathedrals. But, sir,
when the President of the United States in his
message, when Jud^e Douglas in his manifestoes,
when the platforms adopted m Democratic con-
vocations, great and small, throughout the land,
repeatthis doctrine day after day,until veiymany
wise and patrioticmen, who agree with mo in pol-
itics, admit it to be almost treason to say, or to
believe, what I say and believe upon this subject,
I think I am not fighting a windmill or a shadow
in attacking the positions I assail.
Air. LEAIvE. Will the gentleman permit me?
Mr. CONKLING. My time is waning rapidly,
but I would, rather than not, yield to gentlemen,
if the House will consent that interruptions shall
not be takon from my time. I find that my argu-
ment is in arrear, ana that I will not get through
at best, without interruption, within the time al-
lotted me under the rule.
But, Mr. Chairman, suppose we had no key to
the Constitution butthe Constitution itself: could
we find in it provisions audi as would have been
inserted, had the design been to empower the
court to control Congress by its decisions?
Let us shut our eyes to the minor oversights
and incompleteness of the work, if that were to
he its object. Forget, if you please, thai the cases
in which errors of legislation would be corrected
must be purely accidental, and occasional only,
depending wholly upon the will of litigants; so
;%that parliamentary usurpations might go on till
immense interests had intervened, and never be
discovered, unless some plaintiff, more litigious
than his neighbors, should brave the uncertain-
ties of a jury and a district court.
Even overlook the fact that the right to inter-
pret the Constitution for coordinate branches of
the Government, if given to anybody, is given,
not to the Supreme Court, but to inferior courts,
not named in the Constitution. By section two of
article three, the Supreme Court has no jurisdic-
tion in any case which could well give rise to a
constitutional question, except for the sole pur-
pose of reviewing the action of inferior courts to
correct their errors. Conclude, if you can, that
the district judges and juries of the land are our
constitutional masters. Surmount all obstacles,
till you come to the provision defining the juris-
diction of the Supreme Court itself:
" In all casea affecting embas^adois. other public roinis-
i ters and consuls, and tho&e In which a Suite thrill be a
party, the Supremo Court shall have original jurisdiction,
i In all the other cases belorementioucd, the Supreme Court
! shall have appellate jurisdiction both as to law and fact, *
I with such exceptions, and under such regulations as Congress'**
shall make.**
There it stands; and it comprises every word
to be found in the Constitution giving the Supreme
Court jurisdiction in any case whatever. Was
that language employed by lawyers and states-
men, who meant to subject Congress to the court,
and not the court to Congress? Does it not rather
place the judiciary very much at the discretion of
the Legislature? Manifestly it docs; because, at
any moment, an act of lepeal or amendment may
sweep from the statute-book-tho whole procedure
by which alone the Supreme Court lays hold upon
constitutional questions. Were there no other
answer to the attempt made by the President and
his party, unduly to exalt the ermine, this single
. clause would go far to excuse the stubbornness of
men who will not bow to the doctrine that the
| whole Government of this great nation is put
! away in one lower room of this many-chambered
Capitol.
! But, sir, these are not the only respects in which
} our fathers were singularly infelicitous, if their
| design was to create in the judiciary a fit rcposi-
! tary for transcendent political powers. They
failed to indicate in any way the number of the
judges, and it is only indirectly to be inferred that
they intended more than one.
Thus, the belie vers in a judicial regency must sup-
pose thatits-authors were contentthatihe whim of
time should say whether two persons or some larger
number should compose it, only providing that its
membersshould not be removed, however superan-
nuated, orongmallyunfit. Nay,more,sir; itmust
be imagined that, in conferring political omnipo-
tence, care was taken to bestow it on the only de-
partment oftheGovernmeni in which no qualifica-
tions of any kind are required. To be eligible to
the office of President, or even Vice President,
the person must be of prescribed birth, residence,
and age. Senators must be at least thirty years
old, and their citizenship of nine years' standing.
Even the members of this House, constituting
hardly half a department, must have rcached an
age at which maturity is thought to begin-~a pro-
vision depriving some of the doings of this body
ofthat much-needed extenuation which extreme
youth alone might hope for.
All these requirements were deemed necessary
by the founders of the Republic. But yet, sir,
j the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Brown,]
! whose name has been called without response
i ever since the session began, simply because five-
I and-twenty winters have not passed over him,
! was constitutionally eligible, three years ago, to
the officc of chief justice of the United States, no
matter whether he be a lawyer or not. At twenty-
one, as well as at eighty-one, he might
'♦Shake his ambrosial curls, and give the nod,
The stamp of fate, the sanction of a god."
These, and many other considerations, which
the hour rule has prevented my adverting to, lead
me to conclude: First, that the judgments of the
Supreme Court are binding only upon inferior
courts,and parties litigant. Undoubtedly, when
a constitutional question is decided, so long a>
the court adheres to the decision, acts of Congress
repugnant to the principle laid down, will be in-
operative just so far, in the language of Mr. Van
