1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1677
come of which rhall be forever devoted to the instruction
oHree children between the ages of five and (ighteen years.
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said land,
and all money in any way accruing therefrom, shall be
managed and controlled by the mayors and corporations of
said cities, respectively, for the time being.
Sec. —. Jhid be it further enacted, That so long as the
public land granted by this act remains the property of eitheT
of said cities of Washington and Georgetown, the same
shali not he subject to taxation.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not insist on a proposition of that
magnitude in this little bill. It looks to me very
much like tying a seventy-four to a yawl. Here
is a little proposition to surrender sorae fines and
forfeitures, and do some very small things for the
'aid of public schools, and the Senator comes in
with a great seventy-four. His proposition is
well enough to be considered by itself, and at the
proper time and in the proper place I shall be
glad to consider it; but I hope this bill will not
be embarrassed by that proposition. It will take
us two weeks to discuss a question of that mag-
nitude. It involves the whole question of the dis-
tribution of the public land and the powers of the
Government. I can see lying in the wake of that
proposition enough material to occupy us here for
a week.
Mr. WILSON. I do not like, Mr. President,
to press this amendment against the wishes of the
chairman of the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, of which committee I am a member; but
I would like to test the sense of the Senate upon
the proposition, and if it does not lead to a long
debate, I should desire a vote on it. I wish sim-
ply to say that we have a vast public domain of
more than one thousand million acres; we have
already granted for the use of the States sixty-
seven milli6n acres of the public domain for edu-
cational purposes. We have here in the District
of Columbia eleven thousand children, between
the ages of five and sixteen, that ought to attend
school. Only twenty-five per cent, of those chil-
dren are in the common schools. In this city,
the whole value of the school-houses owned by
the city amounts to only about ten thousand dol-
lars. More than half the children 8f this District
are attending no schools whatever. By our legis-
lation we bring these children here, and I think
it is the duty of the Government, I think we owe
it to ourselves and to the country, to grant a por-
tion of the domain to be forever used as a fund
for the benefit of the schools of this District. I
should like to take a vote on the proposition. If
it leads to a long debate, I will not press the meas-
ure now; but 1 should like to take the sense of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. GRIMES. Whilst the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is paying attention to the children of
the District of Columbia, it would be very well
for him to look somewhat as to the effect Ilia bill
will have upon the States where he proposes to
select this land. He proposes to take thirty-eight
townships of land in the western or southwestern
country, and give them to the two cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown for school purposes; and
he has a provision in his bill declaring that that
land shall never be subject to taxation for State,
county, or any other purposes, so long as the title
shall remain in these two corporations. What
will be the effect upon the States or the Territo-
ries where the land may be selected? Is that the
kind of proposition which the Senator brings for-
ward seriously and asks us to vote for? Does he
wish that thirty-eight townships of land should
be taken out of the heart of my State, and that
State be forever deprived of the privilege of tax-
ing it for State purposes, or for county purposes ?
Does he wish to deprive-us of the privilege of es-
tablishing our population and building up our own
State by the passage of such a bill as this? Yet
such will be the inevitable effect of such an en-
actment as he proposes.
The Senator s*ays that there have been sixty-
seven million acres of land granted to the western
and southwestern States for purposes ofeducation.
That may be so; but those lands embraced the
sixteenth sections, and they were devoted to the
purposes of education for the reason that they
were to encourage immigration to that country,
and thereby enhance the value of the surrounding
lands, so that the Government would be able to
sell them a tan increased price. But here you pro-
nose to go out into Oregon, or into Minnesota, or
into Iowa, or Wisconsin, and take thirty-eight
townships of land—one million acres—and give
them to tnecorporationsof Georgetown andWash-
ington, and allow them to retain the entire pos-
session and control of that body of land for an
unlimited series of years, without giving to the
States where it may be selected the privilege of
assessing any tax on it. The effect of it will be
precisely what the effect was under the law that
was passed by Congress granting a township of
land, I think, to the State of Kentucky, for the
establishment of a blind asylum, or a deaf and
dumb asylum, which was selected, if 1 remember
rightly, in Florida, some forty years ago. Florida
has been trying for the last thirty years to get
Congress to pass some law to require that town-
ship of land to be sold. It is retarding population;
it is retarding the prosperity of the State; yet
nothing has been done, or had been done when I
last had information on the subject, by which the
State of Florida would be benefited by this town-
ship being offered to public sale. That will be
the inevitable effect of the Senator's amendment
if it be adopted.
Mr. BROWN. I think my friend from Mas-
sachusetts muet see that this amendment of his
will give rise to a long debate, and inevitably de-
feat the whole proposition; defeat it at least for
this day; and I therefore appeal to him again to
withdraw his amendment. Let us consider it as
an independent proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I will comply with the request;
but I want to say a single word to the Senator
from Iowa before I do so. The Senator from Iowa
complains that these lands are not to be taxed. I
ask him if the lands reserved now in the States
are taxed?
Mr. GRIMES. What land reserved in the
States ?
Mr. WILSON. The school lands.
Mr. GRIMES. They belong to the States.
They are a part of our common fund. We have
a right to tax them or not. If we did tax them,
it would be like taking money out of one pocket
and putting it into the other.
Mr. WILSON. I understand this Federal Gov-
ernment own the public lands. Believing educa-
tion essential to the country, Congress reserved
certain sections of the public lands for school pur-
poses, and sixty-seven millionaeres have already
been reserved to the people of the new States.
Now, sir, here is the District of Columbia, ex-
clusively under Federal authority 
Mr GRIMES. The Senator certainly misap-
prehends the condition of the western country.
He speaks of sixty-seven million acres of land
being reserved for this purpose, and he seems to
draw the conclusion that they are still reserved.
Why, sir, the States sold their lands within a year
or two after they were acquired. The lands have
been sold in my State. The lands have been sold
in the State of Illinois, in Indiana, in Ohio, and
all the States long ago, half a century ago in some
of them.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator whether ho
does not suppose the people of Washington and
Georgetown will sell these lands as speedily as
possible?
Mr. GRIMES. I should not think they would,
for they are not subject to taxation at all.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly they would. They
will want the money.
Mr. GRIMES. They will be like all other
speculators.
Mr. WILSON. Then the Senator could have
limited the time without any trouble. However,
I do not wish to press this matter against the
wishes of the chairman of the committee. I
will only say that by our legislation we have
brought a vast population of poor people into this
District. There are more than tive thousand chil-
dren in this District that attend no schools at all;
and it is a disgrace to the national Government,
with all our means, that nothing has been done
for education here. Gentlemen may say^that the
people here ought to tax themselves to do it. Half
the property of this District is held by this Federal
Government, and pays no taxes. The other pop-
ulation that comes here is brought here for our
own purposes. They are poor, and they have
not the means to provide school-houses and schools
for the education of the whole children of the Dis-
trict. I will not now press this question further;
I withdraw the amendment at the request of the
chairman of the committeo.
Mr. BROWN. Then I liope we shall have a
vote on the bill.
Mr. DURKEE. I should like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Districtof Columbia
if the children of all persons who are taxed under
the provisions of this bill are allowed to attend
school ?
Mr. BROWN. I did not exactly hear the Sen-
ator's question, nor do I understand its bearing
on the bill; but the language of the bill is:
That the corporate authorities in the city of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia, may levy a special tax, not
exceeding teji cents on each $100 worth of taxable property
in the coiporate limits of the city, for the benefit of public
schools in said city.
The bill does not propose to take charge, of the
schools at "all, or to have anything to do with
saying who shall go to school and who shall not;
but leaves that entirely to the corporate authori-
ties of the city to manage in their own way, sup-
posing they could much better do it than we.
Mr. DURKEE. I ask if the Senator would be
willing to agree to an amendment that the chil-
dren of all who were taxed should have the priv-
ilege of attending the schools.
Mr. BROWN. I am unwilling to have. Con-
gress take charge of the public 'schools of this
District.
Mr. DURKEE. Make that provision.
Mr. BROWN. I will agree to no such pro-
vision. The corporate authorities should liava
the management of their own public schools.
They can do it better than we can. I cannot
accept such an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
tke passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A word before that vote
is taken. I do not perceive on the face of the bill
any objection to it. I should like to understand
tHe meaning of the inquiry made by the Senator
from Wisconsin. The bill seems to give a right
to tax the people for the support of the schools.
That is all very proper.
Mr. DURKEE. I understand that all the prop-
erty in the city is subject to taxation for schoo.1
purposes. My question was, whether all classes
of persons who paid this tax were benefited by
the schools. I had reference to the free colored
population of the District. They own consider-
able property here, and their property is subject
to taxation. It seems to me that we should make
provision that they should share the benefits of
the schools.
Mr. BROWN. I begin to comprehend what
the Senator is driving at now. He thinks negroes
ought not to be taxed to educate white people.
Mr. DURKEE. I think they ought not, or I
think they ought to have an equal share.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator wantsan amend-
ment of t^at sort he may put it in, if that is the
point he is driving at, to prevent negroes being
taxed for the education of white people
Mr. DURKEE. I move an amendment pro-
viding that all who are subject to taxation, under
the provisions of this bill, shall be allowed equal
privileges in the schools to which the publicfunds
are to be appropriated.
Mr. CLARIv. Is it in order to put the bill back
on its second reading for amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest that, at this stage of the bill,after
it has been ordered to be engrossed and read the
third time, it is not open to amendment except by
unanimous consent. It can be reached by a re-
consideration of the vote ordering the bill to be
engrossed.
Mr. CLARK. I move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engro'ssed
and read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
iiow is, Shall this bill be engrossed and read a
third time? and it is open to amendment. The
Senator from Wisconsin will prepare his amend-
ment.
Mr. POLK. While the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is preparing his amendment, I desire to move
an amendment to the second section, by striking
out all after the word "city," in the sixth line.
The words to be stricken out are:
" And that whenever the Secretary of the Treasury shall
