1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
be officially notified by the Mayor thai the said tax has been
levied and collected, it shall be his duty to pay from ihe
Treasury of the United States, to the persons legally au-
thorized to receive the school funds for the city of Wash-
ington, a sum equal to the amount thus raised by special
tax: Prodded, Thatnotmorcthan$2o,000perannuinshall
be paid by the United States, and that the payments shall
continue for five yeais, unless Congress shall otherwise
order."
I offer the amendment for the reason that this
clause is to me an objectionable part of the bill.
X intended to vote against the entire bill on ac-
count of that, but I believe if that is stricken out
I shall be willing to vote for the bill. 1 am un-
willing to appropriate out of the Federal Treasury
$Q5,000 annually for the supportof public schools
m this city. I am unwilling that the States of
the Confederacy, who have to sustain their own
schools, shall, in addition to educating their own
children, be compelled to educate all the children
of the District of Columbia. Let the people here
educate their children by taxing themselves. To
that I have no objection-, but I am unwilling, for
one, to vote money out of the Treasury for that
purpose.
Mr. BROWN. That provision of the bill was
not incorporated without full consideration, and
without being based upon a sound principle. The
Government of the United States owns more than
one half of the real estate in this District. The
Government, therefore, has no more right to bo
exempted from the school tax than any other
property owner. The Government is as much
bound to contribute to the public schools as any
wealthy citizcn of this town who is childless. Of
what profit is a public school, I ask, to Mr. W.
W. Corcoran, who owns perhaps half a million
dollars' worth of real estate, possibly more? He
has no children to be educated in these schools,
and yet you tax his property for the benefit of
public schools; and why should not the Govern-
ment, for this specific object—being a proprietor
of one half the real estate of the District—contrib-
ute its ju.stand due proportion? That is the pnn-*
ciple on which the Government is called upon to
contribute for this specific object, because of us
ownership of property; and those who will take
the trouble to investigate the bill, will find that
while the Government owns one half the property,
it is only asked to contribute ono third of the
amount paid for supporting the common schools.
If this principle be not sound—that the Govern-
ment is as much bound to contribute to this ob-
ject as any citizen—then let the bill fall; but I
insist, that the principle is sound. Nor ean gen-
tlemen escape it, on the ground that the Govern-
ment has expended large sums of money hoie in
the construction of very large and costly build-
ings. True, the Government has put up a Cap-
itol, at a cost of eight or nine million, a Patent
Qfliee, at a cost of two and a half or three mil-
lion 
I\Jr. POLK. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question ? Did I understand hint to .say-
that, by the provisions of-the bill, the Govern-
ment pays only one third as much as is raised by
taxation 5
Mr. BROWN. Exactly. If the Senator will
turn his attention to it, he will find that while
the 
Mr. POLK. Where does the bill show it?
Mr. BROWN. I will tell him in what part of
the bill it is found. Of course, we cannot set forth
in a bill all the facts upon which it is based. The
bill provides:
That the corporate authorities in the cay of Washing-
ton, in the dr tnctof Columbia, may lev} a sppfial t.ixnut
exceeding ten cents on each .^IQO wmth of taxable piop-
orty in the eorpoiate limits ol theciiy, for the benent of
public m hoote in haul c ity; and that whenever the Sceic-
tary of the Tieaony shall heolficially notified by theM«i\ot
that the taid tax has been levied and collected, it shall be
his duty to pay fiom the Tieastuy ol the Cmted States, to
the pei*on1-. locally authon/.ed to loeeivo the school hinds
for the city of Washington, a sum equal to the amount thus
raised by special ta\: Provided, That not iwne than
§"23,000 per annum shall bo paid by the United State*, and
that the payments shall continue for live years, unless Con-
gress s>hall otherwise order.
There is where it is found. It is a "special
tax"—that is, m addition to what the city now
pays. The report shows to a dollar how much
it pays. The people here now pay about thirty
thousanddollars a yearforschoolpurposes. They
propose to levy a tax of ten cents on the hun-
dred dollars of the taxable property, which is
ascertained to be about thirty thousand dollars
more; so that the city would pay, by taxation,
about sixty thousand dollars under the operations
of the bill, and the Government but$25,000. You
pay by the bill, therefore, less than one third of
the whole amount, while you are the owner of
more than one half of the real estate in the city.
That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. POLK. I do not think the analogy sug-
gested by the Senator from Mississippi is a good
one. He says that Mr. Corcoran pays taxes and
does not receive the benefit of the public schools.
This section of the bill proposes to allow the city
authorities to levy a tax for the support of the
schools. This gentleman (Mr. Corcoran) or any
other gentleman residing here, has something to
say as to whether the city shall levy a. tax or not,
and what the rate of taxation shall be; but under
this bill, the Government has nothing to say in
that matter at all. The Government cannot con-
trol the amount of taxation. The Government
cannot say what the amount of taxation shall be.
That is the difference. If Mr. Corcoran is a cit-
izen, he is a part of the law-making power of the
city, and has his weight, as a citizcn,m determin-
ing whether a tax shall be levied, and, if levied,
what the amount of it shall be.
Then, again, I think there is something due to
the fact that if the Government owns a great deal
of property here, the Government has expended,
and expends yearly, a large amount of money in
public improvements. In fact, the Government
has made the city. I think,therefore, that there is
something of considerable importance due to that
in addition to what I suggested when I first of-
fered the amendment. Besides, I think it is not
fair to bring in as reasons in this case for tax-
ing the Government property the estimates that
the Senator from Mississippi has, because Gov-
ernment. does not tux its own pioperty; no gov-
ernment taxes itself; I do not wish to ar«ue this
question; I do not wish to take up the time of the
Senate; hut I cannot vote for the section as it
stands, nor can I vote for the bill with the section
in it.
Mr. CLARK. I want simply to make one sug-
gestion in answer to what was said by the Sena-
tor from Missouri in regard to the fact that the
Government have expended considerable sums of
monev for the improvement of the city. I agree
with him that they have done so, and that the
Government ought to do so; hut I want to put to
him this question: how can you better improve
the city than by improving the people, as well as
the earth and the streets?
Mr. POLK. lam opposed m principle to the
Government taking charge of its citizens or the
education of their children. I say, let the citizens
take care of themselves, and let the fathers edu-
cate their own children. That is the pnneiple I
go on. I do not wish to constitute th« Govern-
ment a guardian of all the children in the District
of Columbia, or in any other part of the United
States. 1 will merely add that, notwithstanding
the argument made by the Senator fiom Missis-
sippi, in answer to a question of mine where the
portion of the bill is which makes the Govern-
ment ratio of taxation equal to only one third of
what is raised by the city, it strikes me it still ic-
mains that for purposes of education (he Govern-
ment pays just as much as tin; inhabitants of the
city.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I supposed,
when the committee used the words special tax,"
they necessarily implied a tax in addition to that
which is now levied. That is the umveisal con-
struction of.such language m all eases. When you
levy a special tax, you do not reduce the amount
already levied, but you levy something in addi-
tion to that. As I have stated to the Senate before,
we could not enaet in this bill fthut the city of
Washington paid §30,(100 for the support of
schools now; but we ascertained that fact, and
embodied it in the ieport. We ascertained, fur-
ther, the fact that the Government paid nothing
—not one solitary sixpence.
Now, the Senator says that the Government
built the city. Sir, the "Government did no such
thing. The Government did a very important
part of it; but every humble occupant of a cottage
did something towards the building of the city.
The man who put up a little cottage worth three,
or four, or five hundred dollars, contributed that
much towards the building of this great city. He
who put up a house worth five or ten thousand i
dollars did more. He who put up a building
worth $50O,OOO did still more, and the Govern-
ment did more than anyone peison. It did as
much as all others combined. Arc these small
proprietors exempted from taxation for school
purposes? Does not Patrick O'Flannagan, who
puts up his little cottage for $500, have to submit
to taxation to support the schools ? Docs not W.
W. Corcoran, who owns his $500,000 worth of
real estate, submit to taxation for the support of
schools? I take the extremes. Do not all the in-
termediate people submit to taxation to support
the schools ? Then why should the Government
not submit to taxes? That is not the proposition;
but it is, that the Government shall make its vol-
untary contribution to this worthy object as one
of the greatest landholding proprietors in the Fed-
eral metropolis. That is our proposition, and
that is the whole of it.
Mr. POLK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment, and withdraw my call for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fiwat-
rick in the chair.) The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri is to strike out certain words
in the second section of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to correct the clause
before the question is taken on striking it out. I
move to strike out the words " Secretary of the
Treasury," and insert "Secretary of the Inte-
rior." It is a mistake in the printed bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
amended without question, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. IIAIILAN. As I shall vote against this
amendment, I desire to state distinctly the princi-
ple by which I am controlled. I readily accord
that to be true wliieh the Senator from Missouri
has just stated, that I have no right individually
to call on any other gentleman to aid in educating
my children;nevertheless, aa members of society,
it may be the best for both of us that he should
do so. It may be required to promote the inter-
ests of himself and his own family. I suppose the
principles which control the legislation of the
States,on this subject, arc applicable to Congress
in legislating for the District of Columbia.
As an abstract question nf right between indi-
viduals, no one will pretend that it would be just
to compel one man to educate or aid in educating
the children of another. But the propriety of sup-
porting free schools, at the public expense, has
usually been defended on this principle. Igno-
rance, idleness, profligacy, and vice and crime are
usually found in company. Cimie and pauperism
arc believed to be the fruits of ignorance. It is
believed to be much cheaper to prevent crime by
educating the children of the community, than it
is for the same community to support their chil-
dren m the poor-houses, and to punish them as
criminals in jails, houses of correction, and the
penitentiary.
If this principle is correct m a State, it is equally
so in the District of Columbia. We are compelled
to live here a portion of the time. We are com-
pelled to be here with our families, with our wives
and children. This is true of thousands of in-
dividuals who aro working for the Government.
It would bo cheaper, in my opinion, for the Gov-
ernment to contribute something for the education
of the children of the District, than to support
those children in the poor-houses, hospitals, jails,
and penitentiary,now und<-r your control.
Mr. WILSON. 1 shall vote against the prop-
osition made by the Senator from Missouri, and
I wish to state very briefly why I shall do so, and
1 think Senators, and especially on this side of the
i Chamber, ought to do so. In the first place, we
hau* laid out here a city of magnificent distances,
with brond streets, costing a greatdenl of money
to keep them m repair. We have laid this city
out as a national capital. It is "not a manufac-
turing city; i t isnot a commercial city •, but it is the
capital of the United States. One half the prop-
erty of this city is held by the Federal Govern-
ment. This city is a city of poverty. I take it,
it is the pooiest city on the continent, or at any
rate in the United States, and ihyre is good reason
why it is so. It is not a commercial city; not a
manufacturing city; not an industrial city; it is a
city where a large number of people are brought
together holding office under the Federal Govern-
ment, living here temporarily, having temporary
