236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Olin.
Ho. of Reps.
Burcn, as " they depend upon the courts for their
execution," and no further.
Second, that the decisions of the Supreme
Court are not obligatory upon Congress m any
sense; but, like other arguments, are addressed
to the discretion of Congress. Being the solemn
act? of one department of the Government, they
arc entitled to great consideration from the other
departments, and ought not, on frivolous grounds,
to be repudiated. But whenever a decision is, in
the judgment of Congress, subversive of the rights
and liberties of the people, oris otherwise hurt-
fully erroneous, it is not only the right, but the
solemn duty of Congress, persistently to disre-
gard it.
These conclusions, thus[hastily slated, are large-
ly supported by high authority. Notfewerthanfive
of the States of the Union—New York, Virginia,
Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Georgia—have
from time to time refused, through their 'civil au-
thorities and tribunals, to submit to even the legal
supremacy over them of the Federal judiciary.
% Mr. Jefferson, as President, treated as uncon-
stitutional laws which the Supreme Court had
. elaborately decided to be valid.
Andrew Jackson, as President, vehemently re-
fused to receive interpretations of the Constitu-
tion from the Supreme Court; and unprecedented
popular majorities sustained and applauded him.
Many years ago, the Supieme Court decided
that it was competent for Congress to charter a
United States bank; yet, from that day to this, as
the English fire a gun in passing Copenhagen, so
the Democratic party, in ail Us convocations, from
a ward caucus to a national plaza de toro, solemn-
ly resolves that a United States bank is unconsti-
tutional.
At an early day the Supreme Court decided that
one Duane was not a citizen: on precisely the
same facts this House decided that William Smith
was a citizen, and admitted him to his seat. These
are among the acts which have gone into history
to cry out against the right of judges to control
the action of coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment. The annals of the country record the opin-
ions of men, some of them illustrious, some no-
torious, and all conspicuous in the nation's career,
fortifying my position. I wiliiefer to only afevv
of them. First, (o the sayings of Mr. Jefferson—
some of them addressed to members of a family
illustrious for generations, which still preserves
its purity and its fame in the person of a member
of this body. In replying, on the 11th of Sep-
tember, 1804, to a letter from Mr. Adams, Mr.
Jefferson makes use of this emphatic language,
which may be found at page 561 of the fourth
volume of his works:
u You seem to think it devolved on the judges to decide
on tJio validity *>i ibo si diuon law. Rut nothing in the
Constitution ha*given them a light to decide toi the Incen-
tive, moie than to the Kxecutive toi them. Both magnates
are equally independent in the sphere of a< tion aligned
to them The judges, behoving the law constitutional, had
a right to pass a sentence of line and imprisonment; be-
cause the power wju> placed in their hand.- by the Consti-
tution. Hut the Executive, believing the Unv to he uncon-
stitutional, were bound to lennr the execution of it; because
that power has been confided to them by the Constitution.
That nistiumeut meant that its co.ndinate brandies should
be checks un each other. Hut the opinion which gives to
the judge* the right to decide what, laws are constitutional,
and what not, not only toi themselves in their own sphere
of action, hut lor the Legislature and Executive also, in
their -.pheie1*, would make the judiciary a despotic branch/'
In a letter addressed to Mr. Torrance, on the
11th of June, 1815, and which appears at page 461
of his sixth volume, ho says:
"The second question, whether the judges are invested
with exclusive authority to decide on the constitutionality
of a law, has been heietotoie a subject ot coiiMdeiation with
me in the exeicKe of official duties. Certainly, then' is not
a woid m the Constitution which has given that power to
them, moie than to the executive or legislative blanches.
Question* of piopeity, ot eharaelei, and of crime, being as-
cubed to the judges, tlnouirh a definite <oui*o of legal pi o-
ceedtng-;. ia\\> involving such question- belong, of oouise,
to them and as the} decide on them ultimately, and with-
out appeal, tliev or'eolith decide for themselves. The con-
stitutional \ahdity ot the law or laws again prescribing
executive action, and to be administered by that hi .inch
ultimately, and without appeal, the executive mustdecide
for tkcmschcs aKo whether, under the Constitution, they
aie valid or not. So, a!>o, a- to laws governing the pioceed-
iugs of the Legislature. Thai body inu<t judge for itself the
constitutionality ot the law, and equally without appeal
control irom its co ;rdinate branches."
In writing to Mr. Jarvis, on the 28th of Septem-
ber, 1820, to acknowledge the receipt of a politi-
cal work, in which the author had ascribed large
powers to the court, he thus expresses his dissent,
(vol. 7, page 178:)
"You seem, in pages 84 and 148, to consider the judges
as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions; a
very dangerous doctrine indeed, and one which would
place us under the despotism of an oligarchy. Our judges
are as honest as other men, and not more so. They have,
with others, the same passions for party, for powei,and the
privilege of their coips. Their maxim is i bom judicis est
ampliare jurisdictionem^ and their power the more danger-
ous as they are m office for life, and not responsible, as the
other functionaries are, to the elective control. The Con-
stitution has elected no such single tribunal, knowing that
to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time
and party, it* member* would become despots. It has more
wiselynr.ideall the departments co-equal and co sovereign
witinu themselves."
At page 192, of the same volume, he thus ex-
presses himself in a letter to Mr. Ritchie, dated
December 25, 1820:
"The judiciary of the United States is the subtle coips
of sappers anu miners constantly working under ground to
undermine the foundations ot our confederated fabric. They
are construing our Constitution from a coordination of a
general and special Government to a general and supreme
one alone. This will lay all things at their l'eet; and they
are too well versed in English law to forgot the maxim,
; bom judicis est ampliare jurisdictionemWe shall see if
they are bold enough to take the dating stride their five
lawyois have lately taken. If they do, then, with the ed-
itor of our book, in his address to the public, 1 will sav, that
'against this every man should raise Ins voice,' and "more,
should uplift liis ami."
Now,sir,hear whatGeneral Jacksonproclaimed,
in a public message, on the 10th day of January,
1832, a few months before his rcclcction to the
Presidency:
" If the opinion of the Supremo Court covered the whole
ground of this act, it ought not to control the coordinate
authorities of this Government. The Congress, the Exec-
utive, and the court, mu*t each foi itself be guided by its
own opinion of the Constitution. Each public officer who
takes an oath to support the Constitution, swears that he
will support it as lie understands it, and not as it is under-
stood by others, it is as much the duty of the House of
Representatives, of the Senate, and of the President, to
decide upon the constitutionality of any bill or resolution
which may be presented to them for passage or approval,
as it is for the supreme judges, when it may be brought bo-
loie them for judicial decision. The opinion of the judges
has no moie authority over Congress than the opinion of
Confess hasovci the judges 5 and, on that point, the Presi-
dent is independent of both. The authoiity of the Supreme
Couit must not, therefoie, be peimitted to control the Con-
suls or the JJxecutive when acting in their legislative ca-
pacities but to have only such influence as the loico of
their iea&oning may deceive."
These, when John Marshall and his compeers
adorned the supreme bench, were the doctrines
with which the Democratic party won presidential
triumphs.
Let me read, in this connection, from a speech
delivered in the Senate, 011 the 13th January, 1802,
by the grandfather of the present Vice President.
On a motion to repeal the judiciary act, then
lately passed, Mr. Breckinridge said:
'' To make the Constitution a piaetieal system, the power
of the courts to annul the laws ui Congte-s cannot possibly
exist. iMyideaol the subject, in a lew words, is, that the
Constitution intended asepantuon onlj of the pmveis vested
m the three great departments, giving to each the evolu-
tive authority ol acting 011 the subjects committed to eaeii;
that each ato intended to icvolve within the t-pheieof their
ownoibits; aie responsible for their own motion only;
arid die not to dnect oi control the course of otheis ; that
those, lor example, who make the laws, are piosumed to
have an equal attachment to, and interest in, the Constitu-
tion ; arc equally bound by oath to siippou it, and have an
equal right to give a construction to it. That the construc-
tion of one department ot the poweis particularly vested in
that department is- of as high authoiity at least an the con-
struction given to it by any other depaument; that it is 111
lact more competent to that department to which poweis
atc"e\eluMvi !y confided to decide upon the propei eveieise
of those powers than any other depaument to which s>uch
poweu aie not intiusted, and who aie not consequently
under such high and icspon-oble obligations fot their con-
stitutional cxeicisc; and that, thcteioie, the Legislntuie
would have an equal tight to annul the decisions ot the
comts founded on then construction of the Constitution, as
the courts would have to annul the aetsot the Legisiatuie,
lounded 011 their coiMi notion "
Having mentioned the Vice President, it may
seem a violation of official decorum not to refer
to his superior m place. Mr. Buchanan, in a
speech winch he made in the Senate July 7, 1641,
which is to be found in the tenth volume of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, No. 2, page
163, used this language:
" But even if the judicuuy had settled the question, I
should never hold niyselt bound by their decision, whilst
acting in a legislative ehaiacfr. Unlike the Senator tiom
IMassaehu?ett<, [Mr. Bates,J I shall never consent to place
the political tights and liberties of tins people m the hands
of any judicial tribunal, it was therefore with the utmost
astonishment I heard the Senator declare, that he consid-
ered the expositions of the Constitution by the iudiciaiy to
be equally binding upon us as the expositions of the moral
law by the Saviour of mankind, contained m the Gosocl,
were upon Christians; and that these judicial expositions
were of equal authority with the text of the Constitution.
This, sir, is an infallibility which was ncvei before claimed
for any human tribunal: an infallibility which would con-
vert freemen into abject slaves; an infallibility which would
have lenderedthe famous sedition law as'sacred as the
Constitution itself, the judiciary having decided this law
to be constitutional; and which would thus have annihi-
lated, throughout the whole extent of this Union, the lib-
erty of the press and the freedom of speech. No, sir, no ;
it is not the genius ot our institutions to consider mortal
men as intalhble. ,
" No man holds in higher estimation than I do the mem-
ory ot Chief Justice Marshall; but I should never have
consented to make even nim the final arbifei between the
Government and people of this country on questions of
constitutional liberty. The experience of ail ages and coun-
tries has demonstrated that judges instinctively lean to-
wards the prerogatives of Government; and it is notoiious
that the court, during the whole period which nc presided
over it, embracing ho many ycuis of us existence, has in-
clined towards the highest assertion of Fedeial power. That
this has been done honestly and conscientiously, I entertain
not a doubt.
These are sayings of the days when Mr. Buch-
anan had, as ho declared, planted himself on the
Missouri compromise line, there to remain for-
ever. They were uttered before he wondered, as
he afterwards said he did, that any one should
suppose that line ought not to be abrogated.
While calling attention to the effusions of greu';
authors, I must not pass over another relic pre-
served in the Congressional Globe. Mr. Toombs,
of Georgia, who expounds modern Democracy
sometimes at the other end of the Capitol, once
paid his icspects to the judiciary, in a speech on
the floor of this House,*111 the following deferen-
tial terms:
'•The only difficulty on this point ha* arisen from some
decisions of the Supreme Court 01 the United States. It is
true, they have talked vaguely ,.bont the doctrine of the
general sovereignty of the Federal Government, i attach
but little importance to the political views of that tribunal.
It is a safe depository of peisonal lights; but I believe
thoie lias been no assumption oi political power by this
Government which it has not vindicated and found tsomu-
where."
These reminiscences will lead some to smile at
the twistings of politicians, and sonic to deplore
the infirmity of human nature: but they must in-
spire us all with thankfulness that, while men
falter and change,the Constitution.like the eternal
principles on winch it stands, is unchangeably the
same. In 1810, Mr. Jefferson wrote Mr. Galla-
tin:
" At length, then, wc have a chancc of getting a Repub-
lican majority in the supreme judiciary."
In 1860, sir, we have a chance to go and do like-
wise, and 1 trust we shall improve it. A reor-
ganization and reinvigoration of the court, with
just regard to commercial and political consid-
erations, is one of the auspicious promises of
Republican ascendency.
_ It is high time that appropriate weight shall be
given,in the court and elsewhere, to ail portionscf
the country, not excepting those in which a vast
preponderance of its wealth, its business, and its
numbers reside.
With this reform accomplished, the vampircer
slavery, now flitting among tho shadows of a
sheltering tribunal, will spread its wings once
more over that hospitable domain where us min-
istrations are considered essential to the full devel-
opment of "the highest type of white civiliza-
tion."
TEXAS VOLUNTEER REGIMENT.
SPEECH OF IION.A.B. OLIN,
OF SEW YORK,
In tiie House of Representatives,
April IS, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of Use Whole on tho
| state of the Union on the Senate's amendment* to the Mili-
j tary Academy Bill—
Mr. OLIN said:
Mr. Ciiaitiman: I desire, upon this occasion, to
address a few words to the Houseupon the prop-
osition to raise this additional regiment for the
defense of the Texas frontiers; but I see that this
House, at all events at the present time, feels no
interest whatever in this discussion. Were 1 to
talk about the Charleston convention, perhaps I
