1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
leading our battalions. Would that none had
fallen from grace.
It was charged then that it was a test-oath, and
that it was to secure Kansas to the South; and I
then believed it was; but I thought it right. Why?
If Canada were a Territory belonging to the
United States, and South Carolina were to charter
a company called an " Emigrant Aid Society,"or
by any other name—if South Carolina were to
charter an " Emigrant Aid Society," and it was
avowed in the Charleston Mercury and Charles-
ton News, and all the other papers of South Car-
olina, that the object of this company was to go
into Federal territory lying adjacent to New^York,
and there organize themselves so as to be able to
utterly destroy the entire industrial pursuits of the
people of New York; to subvert their institutions;
to break open their jails; to liberate their crim- j
inals; to incite insurrection amongst the operatives j
in their factories; to destroy their property; to
massacre their women and children—and this was
avowed in all their papers—1 ask if any man
would say that this Government, having jurisdic-
tion, Canada being a Territory of the United
States, should not at once organize it, and under
such provisions that men who would not obey the
Constitution of the United States, nor keep the
peace with thccitizensof the UnitcdStatcs,should
not be perm itted to vote—that outlaws should not be
invested with the political franchise? Wouldthere
be anything wrong m that? That was the case as
to Kansas. The Massachusetts Legislature char-
tered a company for the purpose of going into
Kansas, and there operating so as to destroy prop-
erty in Missouri; to make war upon the institu-
tions and civilization of that State; and they char-
tered a corporation that was going to carry out
emigrants; notseeking new homes; not seeking to
better their condition, but to propagandize—and
that was the only purpose that they had; the one
that they avowed.
On the part of the South, it was said that if
Kansas was not immediately organized as a Ter-
ritory, and this Emigrant Aid Society, operating
under the authority of theState of Massachusetts,
were permitted to carry out its hellish purposes,
the result of it would be, in a few months, not that
thousands, or hundreds of thousands, but mil-
lions of property would be sacrificed upon the
western border of Missouri; because it is a fact,
that in consequence of the contiguity of north-
ern Missouri to Iowa, and of eastern Missouri
to Illinois, almost the entire slave population has
been driven to the western border a'nd to the
river; and that under the operation of this Emi-
grant Aid Society insurrection would be there
raised amongst their slaves, and that the freedom
of those slaves would be written m the blood of
their women and children; and that those slaves
would escape from their masters by the light of
their flaming homes. These were the facts that
were presented to the American people, and un-
der these facts the American Congress acted;
wrested the Territory that was under the Fed-
eral jurisdiction from the assumed jurisdiction of
Massachusetts; established a territorial govern-
ment there, authorizing those who would obey
the laws to vote at the first election, and provid-
ing that after that election the first Territorial
Legislature should have the right to settle the
qualifications of electors according to their own
views of what was right and just.
Well, sir, what was the result? Those emi-
grants who had been sent by the aid societies
went out, and when they came to the box they
were asked to put their hands upon the Bible, but
they said that brother Reecher had told them that
Shame's rifles were to be the only test of right,
and they ignored the Bible. They would neither
swear nor vote. The Topeka constitution was
the result of that. The law-abiding men, the men
who by law were vested with the political fran- ,
chise, voted and elected a Legislature, and that 5
Legislature passed another test-oath, as they had
a right to do under the Kansas-Nebraska bill;
and yet some of those who are now most open-
mouthed in favor of non-intervention, intervened
to repeal the act which was passed by the express
provision and permission of the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. Oh, inconsistency ! I cannot say, " consist-
ency thou art a jewel," because that very incon-
sistency has been made the brightest one in the
crown which they wear in evidence of their right
to rule.
Now, sir, I am coming to the point. So far
as to the history of Kansas. These individuals
living there, sent out by the authority of a State
government for the purpose of subverting the in-
stitutions of another State of this Union, in arms,
organized, not with the excuse that the Kansas
Legislature had done anything they could object
to, hut organized their league before, long heiore
that Legislature was even elected, avowing pub-
licly that they intended to resist by force of arms
the authorities of the United States Government—
these people have continued there; have not been
driven out; have formed another State constitu-
tion, and now come here and demand to be ad-
mitted; and we are told we cannot inquire into
their character as law-abiding citizens. They
refused to vote. The first Legislature fell into
the hands of what is called the pro-slavery party.
They refused to vote again. The second Legis-
lature fell into the hands of the same party. They
have gone on there, not living as citizens, not
acting as a people, in the just acceptation of the
term ; not voting, not recognizing the laws of the
Territory, that was established by the authority
of the United States Government; not recognizing
the authority of the United States Government, or
of its Constitution; and they have now adopted
what they call a constitution, and come and dc-
mawd to be confederated with the States whose
authority they have been resisting, and to be their
associates and equals. Should we allow it? For
one, I cannot; and I have chosen to say thus much
because I differ with my friend from Missouri;
and I shall vote against the admission of this so-
called State into the Union under any circum-
stances and with any amendments. 1 object to
their moral character. I will not consent that
Texas shall associate herself with such a State as
this would be, that demands to be admitted into
the Union. The population must be of different
material before we can associate with them upon
terms of equality. The inhabitants of that so-
called State arc outlaws and land-pirates. The
good men were abandoned by the Government,
and have been driven out. Ruffianism is all that
is left; and are we to associate with it?
Why is it that all this difficulty has arisen?
Why did Massachusetts pass this emigrant aid
society bill? Who was interfiling with her in
any manner, shape, or form ? Were her people
not enjoying all the blessings of civil liberty?
Had they not the right of trial by jury? Had
they not the writ of habeas corpus in fullforce and
effect? What were they suffering ? Were we tax-
ing them unnecessarily ' Did they fear, if another
slave State even should be admitted into the
Union, that we would exercise the power of this
Government to their detriment ? No, sir; but they
think they have the best Government in the world,
and that the town of Boston is the Athens of
Amcnca, and they want everybody to be exactly
like them. There is the whole difficulty—ex-
cessive self-conccit, and impertinent intermeddling
with the concerns of others. Their presumed
happiness is a source of misery.
Not content to believe herself the happiest and
the best and the most blest of all people, and to
take great comfort therein, she insists upon forc-
ing her Puritanism upon every other people; and
this has induced the whole difficulty we are now
laboring under. She passed the emigrant aid bill.
We met it here properly. We saw that one of
the States of this Union was attempting to subvert
the institutions of another State, and we attempted
to thwart it. We passed the Kansas-Nebraska
bill. In consequence of the Federal Government
not cairymg out the provisions of the bill, and
punishing treason in that country, it has failed m
its effect. As much rope as would bale five hun-
dred pounds of cotton, with a battery of artillery
and a single squadron of cavalry, would at any
time have settled this question, and have estab-
lished peace there. If the men who were com-
mitting murder and treason had been caught and
hung, and the law-abiding citizens, who were
obeying the Constitution and the laws of the land,
had been left m the peaceable and quiet possession
of the Territory, those who believed that slavery
was adapted to the country would have gone there
with their negroes, and those who believed it was
not would have gone without them, and they
would have made the experiment; and by this
time would have ascertained whether the terri-
tory was adapted to slavery or not; and all this
matter would have'been peaceably and quietly
settled. But it was not so.' The South was di>
vided; the Government did not exercise its power;
and up to this time, treason there has been allowed
to rule and ruin.
Last year, or the year before, what is called
the English bill was passed. That bill provided
that when there were as many people in the Ter-
ritory as would entitle a district of a State to a
Representative in Congress—that is, ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty—they should
be allowed to adopt a State constitution. Their
friendsdefeated the measure Jastsession, by defeat-
ing an appropriation for taking a census. Why
did they not, on the first day of this session, in-
troduce a bill asking an appropriation and author-
ity to have a census taken ? Was there a Senator
on this side of the Chamber who would not have
voted for it? There is no Senator on that side
who does not know that we would have voted for
it to a man. Why, then, was it not introduced?'
It was that they intended to add insult to injury.
Outlaws and traitors have been allowed to lire
there, and good and true men have been driven
out. Outlaws and traitors now have a majority;
but they have not the number required by the act
of Congress to be admitted. They knew it. They
dared not ask the census;but they chose, in open
violation of the laws of the Federal Government,
that represents all these States, and through which
these States speak, without a census, to form a
constitution and come here and offer themselves
to be associated with us.
I ask the Senators on the other side of this
Chamber to reverse the picture. We have looked
on this side; now look on that. Suppose a
Territory organized as Kansas was; suppose,
after the organization, the southern people had
been at all times acting in open violation of law,
and the northern people at all time's had been act-
ing in accordance with law; suppose, to compro-
mise the matter, both sections had agreed that
when a certain population should be in the Ter-
ritory, they should be admitted into the Union;
and then that the southern men—the slavehold-
ers—had chosen not to ask for a census, but
had, in open violation and repudiation of the com- 1
promise, held a convention, and come and de-
manded to be admitted into the Union: I ask
whether they would have felt very quiet under it ?
Would they not have asked us, " Gentlemen, do
you not know that you have the Territory; and
that you have it not fairly; but that there has been
a compromise made; and the point of honor, at
least, is saved?" Would they not have sard, " we
are in the condition of Francis t. after the battle of
Pavia, when he wrote to his mother that all was
lost, save honor? We feel that all islost save honor;
but, in God's name, and as brethren, do not take
that from us; do not make us bite the dust; do
not add insult to the injury that you are doing."
I, for one, could not have refused such an appeal.
I ask those Senators now not to press this thing
upon us further. We have passed the third or
fourth or fifth compromise bill. In the last it is
1 provided that when the Territory of Kansas
; shall have a population of ninety-three thousand,
i whether Republican or otherwise, and that is
i ascertained by a census, they shall be admitted
i into the Union, with or without slavery. I, then,
| call on the other side to withdraw this bill, and
I not to press it any further. Let them introduce
I n hill now to have a census. It can be taken; and
1 on the first day of the next session of this Con-
J gross I pledge myself, if they have that number
j of population, to vote for her admission,'with or
! without slavery, and I feel that I can pledge every
1 Senator on this side of the Chamber. ^
But this does not suit them; they will not have
■ it. They will go into the next canvass, and they
; will say, Kansas has been refused admission into
| this Union because she did not have a pi o-slavery
i constitution. I say, for one, that I am opposed
: to them; because they are not a law-abiding peo-
ple because that Territory has been filled up with
: what I believe to be the vagabondism of the North;
not only the vagabondism of the North, but that
: of Europe also, has been drained in order to get
! emigrants to -send into that country. I will vote
! against this bill now, because we have made a cora-
! piomise and the North is not disposed to comply
' with it; but, whatever may be the character of
| these people, when it is ascertained by a census
, that they have a sufficient number, I am willing
