1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16t9
interests, having no property,supported hereupon
their salaries, and the officers are often changed.
Thus, necessarily, there is a floating population.
Besides that, upon the Capitol extension and upon
the other public works, we have brought here a
large number of laborers with their families. They
have no property. We have in the city eleven
thousand white children between the ages of
five and sixteen. Only two thousand four hun-
dred of them are in the public schools. Forty-
nine per ccnt. of the children of this city are in
private and public schools; fifty-one per cent, in
no schools at all. Persons are taxed to support
schools here, and yet they have no school-houses
.to admit children when they make application.
Hundreds of children, for whom applications are
made to enter the schools, are not admitted, for
the reason that they have no accommodations for
such scholars. The accommodations are limited.
With the exception of two or three buildings, the
buildings hired by the city for school purposes
were not built for school-houses, and are unfit for
school-houses.
It seems to me that, under these circumstances,
the Government of the United States, with all its
wealth and all its power, ought to see to it that
we have here, in the national capital, a system of
public schools unsurpassed by any portion of the
country, by which the whole people, of all kinds
and all classes and all races, may have the benefits
of education. Sir, I am willing to give my vote
to that end. I think it our duty to lift people out
of barbarism into the lightof civilization. I think
it our duty to aid the cause of education; and I
think there is something greater than saving a few
thousand dollars to the Treasury of the United
States, especially when we squander it by millions
on mere jobs. I hope, sir, that this proposition,
which is that the city of Washington shall raise
$25,000 in addition to the sum they now raise
by taxation, and that, if they do so, we will
give thorn £>25,000 nrmuaJly, for five years, will
be passed. This will be adding §50.00*0annually
to the common school fund of this District, to pre-
pare schpol-houses, and to carry on the causc of
general education. I think it just, wise, and be-
neficent: and I shall vote for it more heartily
than for any measure I have voted upon during the
present session.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Polk by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 22; as follows: ^
YEAS—Messrs Bingham, Tirana. Chcnut, Clay, CJing-
man, Dcivi-?, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Grimes, Gvvm, Hammond,
Ivei-on, Kins:, Lane, Latham, Mason,' J\ichol&on, i'olk,
Poweii, and Wigfali—20.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Ciark, Collamer,
Dixon, DooJirtle; Durkee, Fessendcn, Foster, Hale, Ham-
lin, Hailan, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Thomson, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I move the following amend-
ment; to add, at the end of section two:
Jlnd provided further, That the child or childten of no
persons whose property shall be assessed and taxed under
the piovisions of this act, shall be debarred from the pnvi-
Jege of attending some of the public schools in said city.
The question was put, and the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I think there was a misappre-
hension. I understood the Chair to decide that
the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) That was the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLAY. I beg the Chair will state the
question again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again.
Mr. BROWN. I see the point at which gen-
tlemen are aiming; and it will be much easier met
by providing in the bill that the property of free
persons of color shall not be subject to taxation
under the provisions of this bill. I suppose that
is what gentlemen mean. That, I am willing to
accept.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator that
that is not my full purpose. I desire that, under
this bill, if there is a taxation of property, the
property of all classes shall be taxed; and if we
make a donation from the Government that dona-
tion shall go to the benefit of all those persons
who are taxed; that you shall not get rid of edu-
cating the child of the colored.person by simply
exempting him from taxation, but he shall have
the benefit of the $25,OOOp-o rata, as much as any-
body else. I have heard long enough in the Sen-
ate and elsewhere that the colored people cannot
be elevated. They cannot be elevated because
you will not try to elevate them. Now, here is
an opportunity, and let us do it. Let us hold out
the hand of the Government and let them have
the benefit of this provision. I have drawn it in
that very way, for that very purpose, to meet the
question.
Mr. BROWN. This thing ends where I was
fearful it would end at the start. It curls in the
head of a "nigger." Wo cannot even have a
proposition to educate the poor children, but the
philanthropy ofnorthern gentlemen mustoverflow
in favor of the negro. Sir, let it be told every-
where, proclaim it on the house-tops and in the
streets, that a bill intended to snatch the little white
boys and girls that appear every day on your
streets, from the very jaws of ruin, cannot be
passed, because gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber sympathize so deeply with the negro.
The Senator knows perfectly well, when he intro-
duces that proposition, that he introduces a tor-
pedo into this bill which must destroy it. He
knows perfectly well that the thirty southern Sen-
ators on this floor will not consent to take charge
of the education of the negroes. I tell the Sena-
tor that his proposition is a proposition to de-
stroy this bill, and he professes to be its friend.
Insert that proposition, and I, who have advo-
cated the bill for six years, and who have three
times carried it through the Senate, would be in-
stantly opposed to it.
I am willing to exempt the property of the col-
ored people from taxation; but I will not, in this
slaveliolding community, vote for any proposition
which proposes to mingle the negro and the white
child in the same school. I shj}l offer no such
gratuitous insult to the intelligence of this metrop-
olis. I will not say to the people here that I propose
that the African, that the free negro, shall go and
take seats alongside of your children. /That is
the proposition of the Senator. If it means any-
thing, it means that. He knows that the miser-
able pittance that is wrung from the free negroes
of this town would not sustain one school. If it
would, tax them separately, and let them have
their separate schools. If that be the proposi-
tion, I am for it; and let the gentleman bring in a
bill for that purpose. I propose to exempt the
property of the free negroes from the operations of
this bill. Then, if he wants to tax that class of
people for their own benefit, do it; and I will vote
to let them have their own schools, if they will
tax themselves for the purpose; but I will vote for
no proposition which looks to putting white chil-
dren on an equal footing with negro children, here
or elsewhere; much less will I insult the intelli-
gence and the dignity of this enlightened commu-
nity by voting for any such monstrosity.
Mr. HARLAN. I will propose an amendment
to the amendment, to add:
And that sepaiate schools shall be provided for the edu-
cation of the coloied children of the Distiict.
Mr. CLARK. I drew my amendment some-
what carefully, I think, and I drew it to accom-
plish what is designed by the Senator from Iowa.
I drew it to meet what is now objected to it by the
Senator from Mississippi. If he looks at the
amendment carefully, he will find that I do not
propose to put the colored children into the same
school wiih the whites. I have not proposed to
insult, if I may use his own language, (to quote
from him simply,) the white child, or the parents
of the white child, if they deem it an insult, by
putting the black child in the .same school; but
the amendment simply reads that the child of no
person, whose property is taxed under this bill,
shall be debarred from attending " some" of the
public schools—not all. I drew it for the very pur-
pose that they might fix p public school for the
colored children, and let them all go there. I was
inquired of by gentlemen 011 this side of the
Chamber why I had done so. I say, Mr. Presi-
dent, for that very reason.
Now, I want to say to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi that, if gentlemen here refuse the boon of
the public Treasury to the white child, because it
is proposed to give it equally also to the black
child, I will not vote for either. This is, or ought
to be, a Government of equality. We have got
these children here. Yousay that the black race,
the free negro, is a curse. You are driving him
from some of your States. You will not permit
him to live there. He is here. Do you propose
to drive him out from this District? Is that the
proposition? If not, educate him. While you
are extending the hand of charity and assistance
to the white child, extend it to the black child
also; and, if the gentleman chooses, let it be pro-
claimed upon the house-tops, let it be blowa
through the country, that the philanthropy of
northern gentlemen does so overflow—I am glad
that it does—that it can educate the colored child;
and if you choose to reject the boon because "we
desire it to be shared by all, the fault is not ours.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not believe that, die
amendment, as amended, can be resisted success-
fully on principle. Why should not the colored
children of this District be educated? You had
about ten thousand free colored people in this
District in 1850, as shown by the census; and you
have a much larger number at this time. A ma-
jority of these people are probably very ignorant
and poor. If ignorance is the parent of idleness,
vice, and crime, you will probably find among
them the largest proportion of the criminals of the
District. To prevent pauperism and crime among
the white population, you provide for the educa-
tion of their children at the public expense. Then,
on what principle do you deprive the colored chil-
dren of the District of the means of an education?
If it is cheaper to educate the white child at the
public, expense than to support him as a pauper,
or to punish him in after years as a criminal, is
it not equally true of colored children? If you
deprive him of the means of culture, do you not
indirectly encourage crime ? Independent of the
idea of philanthropy or benevolence, as a ques-
tion of political economy alone, you should
provide for the education of the youth of all the
people in the District, however low and vile and
degraded their parents.
As I stated a few minutes since, you have no
right, as between individuals, to compel a wealthy
gentleman who rrray have no children, to contribute
of his substance for the education of the children
of another—his fellow-citizen. As a question of
private right between two men, you have no right
to do this. No State asserts such an absurdity in
levying a tax on the property of the whole people
to support public schools. It is the duty of the
State to make life and property as secure as pos-
sible. It is the duty of the State, therefore, to
prevent, as far as possible, as well as to punish
crimc. The rich man's wealth, and life, and char-
acter, and family, are rendered more secure by the
education of the child of his poorer neighbor. The
school tax is levied and collected, not on the prin-
ciple of. private justice between individuals, but
on the principle of civil necessity. It is necessary
to secure the just end of all civil society—the pro-
tection of life, liberty, property, and character.
It maybe said, as ithas been said on this floor
to-day, that every father ought to educate his own
child. This is true; but in point of fact this will
not be done for more reasons than one; first, be-
cause some fathers of children in -a State, or in
the District, will not have the means to provide
for the education of their gwn children; and in the
second place, others will not have the inclination
to do so. Hence, their children grow up unedu-
cated. They contract bad habits; they become
idle and vicious; they becomc corrupt and profli-
gate; they become unworthy citizens of the State
or of the District; unworthy citizens of the Re-
public, and in ten thousands of instances must bo
supported in the poor-houses, or are to be prose-
cuted and punished for crimes, and then supported
in the jails and penitentiaries at the public ex-
pense.
The experience of the last century has induced
all, I believe, whose attention has been called to
this subject, to conclude that the cheapest mode
of protecting society from these burdens is to
guard against them by the education of the chil-
dren of the country. If this is true in the States
of this Republic, it must be equally true here in
the District of Columbia. Then on what princi-
ple do you propose to discriminate against the
children of the free eolored population—those
who are ignorant, and poor, and probably im-
provident; against those who are poor, and yet
who, under your laws, must continue to reside
in this District, who are members of this com-
munity? If instructed, and taught to discrim-
inate between the fruits cf idleness, profligacy,
and vice, on the one hand,and industry, frugality,
