THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
ence shall be given by any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the ports of one State over those of
another." If the construction of a harbor or deep-
ening the channel of a river be a regulation of
comnierec, as the advocates of this pewter con-
tend j-this would givethe ports of the State within
which these improvements were made a prefer-
ence over the ports of other States, and thus be
a violation of the Constitution.
It is not too much to assert th^t no human being
in existence when the Constitution was framed
entertained the idea or the apprehension that, by
conferring upon Congress the power to regulate
commerce, its framers intended to embrace the
power of constructing roads and canals, and of
creating and improving harbors and deepening
the channels of rivers throughout our extensive
Confederacy. Indeed, one important branch of
this very power had been denied to Congress in
express terms by the convention. A proposition
was made in the convention to confer on Congress
the power*" to provide for the cutting of canals
when deemed necessary.'' This wa$ rejected
by the strShg majority of eight States to three.
Among the reasons given for this rejection was,
that "the expense in such cases will fall on the
United States, and the benefits accrue to the places
where the canals may be cut."
To say that the simple power of regulating com-
merce embraces within itself that of constructing
harbors, of deepening the channels of rivers—in
short, of creating a system of internal improve-
ments for the purpose of facilitating the operations,
of commerce, would be to adopt a latitude of con-
struction under which all political power might be
usurped by the Federal Government, Such a con-
struction would be in conflict with the well-known
jealousy against Federal power which actuated the
framers of the Constitution. It is certain that the
power in question is not enumerated among the
express grants to Congress contained in the instru-
ment. In construing the Constitution, we must,
then, next inquire, is its exercise 44 necessary and
proper"—not whether it may be convenient or
useful—"forcarrying into execution" the power
to regulate commerce among the States ? TSut the
jealous patriots of that day were not content even
with this strict rule of construction. Apprehend-
ing that a dangerous latitude of interpretation
might be applied in future times to the enumer-
ated grants of power, they procured tyi amend-
ment to be made to the original instrument, which
declares that "the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the people."
The distinctive spirit and character which per-
vades the Constitution is that the powers of the
General Government are confined chiefly to our
intercourse with foreign nations, to questions of
peace and war, and of subjects of common interest
to all the States, carefully leaving the internal and
domestic concerns of each individual State to he
controlled by its own people and Legislature.
Without specifically enumerating these powers,
it must be admitted that this well-marked distinc-
tion runs through the whole instrument. In noth-
ing does the wisdom of its framers appear more
conspicuously than in the care with which they
sought to avoid -the danger to our institutions
which must necessarily result from tin* interfer-
ence of the Federal Government with the local
concerns of the States. The jarring and collision
which would occur from the exercise, by two sep-
arate governments, of jurisdiction over the same
subjects could not fail to produce disastrous con-
sequences. Besides, the corrupting and seducing
money influence exerted by the Ueneral Govern-
ment in carrying into effect a system of internal
improvements might be perverted to increase and
consolidate its own power to the detriment of the
rights of the States, If the power existed in Con-
gress to pass tho prosont bill, then taxes must
be imposed and money borrowed to an unlimited
extent to carry such a system into execution.
Equality among the States is equity. This equal-
ity is the very essence of the Constitution, No
preference can justly be given to one of the &oyer-
eign States over another. According to the best
estimate, our immense coast on the Atlantic, the
Gulf of Mexico, the Pacific, and the lakes, cm-
braces more than nine thousand five hundred
niiles, and measuring by its indentations and to
the head of tide-water on the rivers, th > distance
is believed to be more than thirty-three thousand
miles. This, everywhere throughout its vast
extent, contains numerous rivers and harbors, all
of which may become the objects of congressional
appropriation. You cannot deny to one State
what you have granted to another. Such injus-
tice would produce strife, jealousy, and alarming
dissensions among them. Even within the same
State improvements may be made in one river or
harbor which would essentially injure the com-
merce and industry of another river or harbor.
The truth is that most of these improvements are
in a great degree local in their character, and for
the especial benefit of corporations or individuals
in their vicinity, though they m^ have an odor
of nationality on the principle that whatever ben-
efits any part indirectly benefits the whole.
From our past history we may have a small
foretaste of the cost of reviving the system of in-
ternal improvements.
For more than thirty years after the adoption
of the Federal Constitution the power to appro-
priate money for the construction of internal im-
provements was neither claimed nor exercised by
Congress. After its commencement in 1820 and
1821, by very small and modest appropriations
for surveys, it advanced with such rapid strides
that, within the brief period of ten years, accord-
ing to President Polk, " the sum asked for from
the Treasury for various projects amounted to
more than two hundred million dollars." The
vetoes of General Jackson and several of his suc-
cessors have impeded tho progress of the system
and limited its extent, but have riotaltogether de-
stroyed it. The time has now arrived for a final
decision of the question. If the power exists, a
geneml .system should be adopted which would
make some approach to justice among all the
States, if this bo possible.
What a vast field would the exercise of this
power open for jobbing and corruption ! Mem-
bers of Congress, from an honest desire to pro-
mote the interest of their constituents, would
struggle for improvements within their own dis-
tricts; and the body itself must necessarily be con-
verted into an arena where each would endeavor
to obtain fioni the Treasury as much money as
possible for his own locality. The temptation
would prove inesistible. A system of " log-roll-
ing" (I know no word so expressive) would be
inaugurated, underwhich the Treasury would be
exhausted and the Federal Government be de-
prived of the means necessary to execute those
great powers clearly confided to it by the Consti-
tution for the purpose of promoting the interests
and vindicating the honor of the country.
Whilst the power over internal improvements,
it is believed, was " reserved to the States respect-
ively," tho frameis of tho Constitution were not
unmindful that itmight be proper for tho State Le-
gislatures to possess the power to impose tonnage
duties for the improvement of rivers antl harbors
within their limits. The self-interest of the dif-
ferent localities would prevent this from being
done to such an extent as to injure their trade.
The Constitution, therefore, which had in a pre-
vious clause provided that all duties should be uni-
form throughout the United States, subsequently
modified the general rule so far as to declare that
" no State shall, without the consent of Congress,
levy any duty of tonnage." The inference is,
therefore, irresistible that, with the consent of
Congress, such a duty may be imposed by the
States. Thus, those directly interested m the im-
provement may lay a tonnage duty for its con-
struction without imposing a tax for this purpose
upon all the people of the United States,
To this provision several of the States resorted
until the period when they began to look to the
Federal Treasury instead of depending upon their
own exertions. Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Pennsylvania, Marylnnd, Virginia, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, and Georgia, with the con-
sent of Congress, imposed small tonnage duties
on vessels, at different periods, for clearing and
deepening the channels of rivers and improving
harbors where such vessels entered. The last of
these legislative acts believed to exist, is that of
Virginia,"-passed on the 22d Februaiy, 1826,levy-
ing a tonnage duty on vessels for " improving the
navigation of James river,from Warwick to Rock-
ett's Landing," The latest act of Congress on
this subject was passed on the 24th of February,
1843, giving its consent to the law of the Legis-
lature of Maryland laying a tonnage duty on ves-
sels for the improvement of the harbor of Balti-
more, and continuing it in force until 1st June,
1850.
Thus, a clear, constitutional mode exists by
which the Legislature of Michigan may, in its
discretion, raise money to preserve the channel of
the St. Clair river at its present depth, or to ren-
der it deeper. A very insignificant tonnage duty
on American vessels using this channel would be
sufficient for the purpose. And as the St. Clair
river is the boundary line between the United
States and the Province of Upper Canada, the pro-
vincial British authorities would doubtless be will-
ing to impose a similar tonnage duty on British
vessels to aid in the accomplishment of this object.
Indeed, the Legislature of that Province have
already evinced their interest in this subject by
having but recently expended $20,000 on the im-
provement of the St. Clair flats. Even if the Con-
stitution of the United States had conferred upon
Congress the power of deepening the channel of
the St. Clair river, it would be unjust to impose
upon the people of the United States the entire
burden, which ought to be borne jointly by the
two parties having an equal interest in the work.
Whenever the State of Michigan shall ccase to
depend on the Treasury of the United States,*1
doubt not that she, in conjunction with Upper
Canada, will provide the necessary means for
keeping this work in repair m the least expensive
and most effective manner, and without being
burdensome to any interest.
It has been contended in favor of the existence
of the power to construct internal improvements
that Congress have from the beginning made ap-
propriations for light-houses; and that upon the
same principle of construction they possess the
power of improving harbors and deepening the
channel of rivers. As an original question, the
authority to erect light-houses under the commer-
cial power, might be considered doubtful; but even
wore it more doubtful than it is, I should regard
it as settled after an uninterrupted exercise of the
power for seventy years. Such a long and uni-
form practical construction of the Constitution is
entitled to tho highest respect, and has finally
determined the question.
Among the first acts which passed Congress
after the Federal Government went into effect was
that of August 7, 1789, providing " for the estab-
lishment and support of light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers." Under this act the
expenses for the maintenance of all such erections
then in existence were to be paid by the Federal
Government; and provision "was made for the ces-
sion of jurisdiction over them by the respective
States to the United States. In every case since,
before n light-house could be built a previous ces-
sion of jurisdiction has been required. This prac-
tice doubtless originated from that clause of the
Constitution authorizing Congress "#o exercise
exclusive legislation" * * "over
all places purchased,by the consent of the Legis-
lature of the State in which the same shall be, for
the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-
yards, and other needful buildings."
Among these " needful buildings" light-houses
must in fact have been included.
The bare statement of these facts is sufficient
to prove that no analogy exists between the power
to erect a light-house, as a " needful building,"
and that to deepen the channel of a river.
in what I have said, I do not mean to intimate
a doubt of the power of Congress to construct
such internal improvements as may be essentially
necessary for defense and protection against the
invasion of a foreign enemy. The power to de-
clare war and the obligation to protect each State
against invasion, clearly cover such cases. It will
scarcely be claimed, however, that the improve-
ment of the St. Clair river is within thiscategory.
This river is the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and the British Province of Upper Can-
ada. Any improvement of its navigation, there-
fore, which we could make for purposes of war
would equally enure to the benefit of Great Brit-
ain, the only enemy which could possibly con-
front us in that quarter. War would be a sad
calamity for both nations; but, should it ever un-
happily exist, the battles will not be fought on
the St. Clair river or on the lakes with which it
communicates. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington City, February 1, 1860.
