1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12.
and honesty on the other, they will be much more
likely to provide for their own wants, and take
care of themselves and their offspring; and a thou-
sand times less likely to become a public charge,
as inmates of% your poor-houses, hospitals, and
prisons. Hencc, on the very principle on which
public schools are sustained in the States, we sus-
tain the proposition to provide for the education
of the colored, as well as the white, children of
this District.
I know there is an objection to the associa-
tion of colored children with white chiltften in the
same schools. This prejudice exists in my own
State. It would be impossible to carry a propo-
sition in Iowa to educate the few colored children
that now live in that State in the same school-
houses with the white children. It would be im-
possible, I think, in any one of the States of the
Northwest. _ Whether this prejudice is well or
ill founded, is not a question for us here to de-
termine. If you compel the white people of this
District to send their children to the same schools,
to commingle indiscriminately with colored chil-
dren, or deprive them of an education, thousands
of them, through the influence of this prejudice,
will choose the latter alternative. Those who are
able, will provide private instruction for their chil-
dren; those who are unable to do this, will leave
them without an education. But we can provide
for the education of this degraded class of the
community, for the education of the children of
the free colored population of the District, and
also for the education of the children of the white
people, by adopting the amendment I have sug-
gested to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Now Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I o,m entirely willing to acccpt
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, if the
object is not sufficiently attained by the amend-
ment I proposed. That was my design.
Mr. BROWN. If gentlemen are sincere—and
I have no doubt they are—I think the whole mat-
ter can be accommodated by making the entire
amendment read thus:
That the property of tree colored persons shall not ho
subject to taxation under this net; and that tho child, or
children, of no person whose property shall be assessed and
taxed under the provisions of tins act, shall be dcbaired
fioin the privilege of attending some of the public, schools
in paid city.
Thus I exempt the property of free colored
persons from the provisions of the act, and then
let all who are assessed have the privilege of at-
tending the schools; which, of course, can only
apply to white persons. Colored persons, not be-
ing taxed, will not be entitled to the benefits of
these particular sehool.s. What 1 ineanjt to say
when I was up before was, that if it be desirable
to establish schools for colored people m this Dis-
trict, and they are willing to let their own prop-
erty he taxed for that purpose, in a separate bill,
not mingled up with this bill in any form, I shall
have no objection to seeing it done. Let them
sustain their own schools by their own means. I
nee a propriety in not taxing them, whether their
means be great or little, for the education of white
people; and my amendment exempts their prop-
erty clearly and distinctly fiom taxation, and al-
lows the children of all who are assessed under
the provisions of this bill to attend the schools.
Mr. CLARK. I think the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator does not accomplish entirely
what I design. By my amendment, the colored
children will have their pro rata proportion of the
$25,000 to be paid by the Treasury under the bill,
if the Senator desires to assess only the property
of the white persons, leaving out the property of
the blacks, and will take fiom the $25,000 a sum
m proportion to the $25,000 which the property '
of the blacks bears to the properly of the whites, j
and try it in that way, so far as the white man is j
concerned I will agree; but I do not desire that t
wc should make this donation of §25,000 a year I
to the city of Washington, and that the whole of j:
it should be expended on the white children, to jj
the exclusion of the free colored children. I do not j:
desire that. jj
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I had supposed
that it would be conceded in all quarters of this
Union that there was a propriety and a justice m '|
conforming the legislation of this District, upon
all questions affecting the negro population, bond I1
or free, to the policy pursued in the slave States, jj
1 have been disappointed. We know that of later j!
years attempts have been made, from time to time, i!
to depart, in the legislation of this District, from
the policy of like legislation in the adjoining
States. African bondage exists now in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. So far, it has resisted every
effort to emancipate the blacks. How long; it will
resist it I am unable to say; but up to this time
it has resisted it. The legislation of the country
has gone so far, however, us to depart from the
policy of the contiguous States, which are both
slaveholding States, as to prohibit, within the
District of Columbia—I think very injuriously
and unjustly to the adjoining States—the sale here
of slaves intended for deportation. That far it
has been departed from. Now, it is proposed by
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, to make this still greater departure. The
statute-books of the adjoining States, and of all
the slave States, show that it is not considered
expedient or wise in a State where there is negro
slavery, to educate the negro race at all, bond or
free. Whether that is right or wrong in morals,
Senators may decide for themselves. The States
where slavery exists have decided—and they have
aright to decide—that it is right in policy. Now,
it is proposed here in this District, where the
legislation is in tho hands of all of the States, to
depart from tho established policy of the slave
States.—being a part of the policy of the States
contiguous to the District.
1 cannot at all concur with the honorable Sen-
ator who is chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia that we should consent, on
our part, certainly that I should consent on my
part, to any legislation of any kind for the edu-
cation of the negro race in the District of Colum-
bia, whether by an amendment to this bill, or by
a separate bill confining it to them, in any mode
whatever; because it is inconsistent with the es-
tablished policy of the States where slavery exists,
embracing the States contiguous to the District.
It may be in the power of the Senate to do it. If
it is, let it be done; and let the fact be shown, along
with the others upon the statute-book, of the prac-
tical working of the Federal Government, made
up of slave States and free States together; butas
far as my voice or my vote goes, as the repre-
sentative of one of those States, I protest against
it. L<n it be done, if Senators think it wise to
do it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 want to correct my friend from
Virginia, who seems to have fallen into rather a
grave error. 1 said nothing about Congress legis-
lating for the education of negroes. I spoke only
of legislating for the education of white people; but
I said also, if it be desirable, if the colored popula-
tion of this city desire to have a tax levied on their
own property, in order to educate their own people,
then I will enable them, by an act of Congress, to
do that thing; not that we take cognizance of the
subject, but simply to enable them to levy taxes
on their own property for a particular object. 1
think that can be done. That is not taking charge
of their education by the Federal Government in
any form, but simply allowing them to assess a
uniform tax upon their property to accomplish an
object desirable to them. If the Senator means to
say that he is opposed to allowing the free colored
population of this country to educate themselves,
then I do not agree with him. If they desire to
educate themselves as a separate class, and fur-
nish to themselves the means of education, I am
for allowng them to do it; and m this District,
where 1 have the power of legislation, I will give
them what I dare say the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] would call an enabling act—an
act to enable them to levy taxes upon their prop-
erty uniformly for an object which I think is de-
sirable to that extent with the black man as with
the white num. I do not desire to see the black
man kept in a state of mental darkness anywhere,
where it is safe for him to be enlightened. I think
the free colored population here may be educated.
I see no harm that can result to the white people
from it. 1 will go further, since we are upon that
precise point, and say to our philanthropic friends
from the North, if you would let our slaves alone
I should be in favor of educating them.
Mr. HALE. I will agree on my part. We will
all agree to that.
Mr. BROWN. Ah ! what would the agreement
amount to ? It would not stand as long as we were
engaged in making it. I tell Senators from the
North but for your interference there would have
been a day school upon overy well-regulated plant-
ation in the South. We call ministers of the
gospel to preach to our slaves. You know that,
Mr. President, [Mr. Fitzpatrick in the chair,]
as well as I; you have a chapel on your own
estate; I am sure very many other southern plant-
ers have. Why have we not day schools for our
negroes? Because we do not choose to have them
so instructed as that your Garrisons and other
base men may enable them, through their " little
learning," to become their own worst enemies.
That is the difficulty, and the whole difficulty.
But I think otherwise in reference to the free col-
ored population of this District. While I would
vote nothing from the national Treasury for their
education as a separate class, yet if they want to
tax themselves, as a separate class, for that pur-
pose, I have no objection. If it be necessary and
proper, as I think it is, to preach the gospel to the
negro race; and as every master of a well-regulated
plantation considers, then I think it would be *
proper, if it could be done with perfect safety to
all parties, that the negro should be educated, so
as to enable him to read that Bible which the
white man preaches to him.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator from
Virginia to announce the proposition that, in his
opinion, the legislation pertaining to this District
ought to conform to the legislation of the sur-
rounding States; thereby meaning the slave States,
as I understood him. Now, I understand that a
number of the slave States have enacted laws pro-
viding for the sale or reenslavement of the colored
population. If, then, Virginia and Maryland were
to enact such a law as that, would he expect Con-
gress to pass a law providing for the sale or en-
slavement of the free colored people of this Dis-
trict? It seems to me that this is a conclusion that
is almost irresistible from the proposition which
he made. 9
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, first, as to the
Senator from Mississippi, the chairman of tho
Committee on the District of Columbia: I did not
understand at all that he had assented to any
measure which would provide by law for the rais-
ing of a tax or otherwise for the education of tho
negroes. I understood him exactly as he has ex-
plained, that he would assent to a bill allowing
the negroes to tax themselves, if they thought
proper to ask for such a bill, for the purpose of
educating their children. I dissent from him
altogether.
Mr. BROWN. Then we understand each
other.
Mr. MASON. I say that it is the established
policy, and has been probably for a century—I do
not know how long a time—of my own State, and
I think equally so of the State of Maryland, the
adjoining State, and, so far as I am informed, of
the legislation of all the slave States, to prohibit
the education of the negro race, and in my judgv
mcnt a wise policy, an expedient, and a just one.
I am not going into the reasons for the policy, for
that does not become me here. But such is the
policy; and in my opinion the proper and wise
administration of the affairs of the District of Co-
lumbia requires our legislation here to conform to
the policy of the adjoining States in reference to
this population, bond or free.
Now, in answer to the question of the Senator
from Iowa, I would say this: I am not aware that
any State has passod any laws to make slaves of
those who are now free, against their will.
Mr. WILSON. Arkansas has.
Mr. MASON. That may be; I do not remem-
ber. If there be any such "State 
Mr. DAVIS. No; it is not Arkansas either.
Mr. MASON. 1 am not aware of it.
Mr. DAVIS. It was legislation which required
free negroes to leave the State or to he reduced to
a condition of bondage.
Mr, MASON. That is the law of my own
State. If negroes emancipated subsequent to
1806 remain in the State after they are emanci-
pated, they are guilty of a misdemeanor pre-
scribed by the law, and upon the fact being as-
certained, if a negro persists in remaining, lie is
sold. But in the execution of the law, it is al-
ways understood, after the fact has been ascer-
tained against the negro, that he has abundance
of time, a year or two if necessary, to go away.
But that is the established policy of the law of the
State of Virginia, and, I presume, of most of the
other slaveholding States. It is to prevent the
increase of the froe negroes.
