238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Olin.
Ho. 03? Reps.
ularforces of the United States—the Army proper
—amount to some seventeen or eighteen thou-
sand men at the present time. It may fall a little
short of that as an effective force, by reason of
some ef the companies not being entirely full; but
the regular force of the United States Army is as
high as I have stated.
A Member. It is over eighteen thousand.
Mr. OLIN. I am told the regular Army num-
bers over eighteen thousand men. Now, the only
occasion we have for a regular force at all, in time
of peace, is to repel Indian hostilities and to settle
these controversies growing up on the frontier
between the frontiersmen and the Indian tribes.
But it is gravely proclaimed upon this floor that
for all such purposes the infantry arm of the ser-
vice is of no use whatever. Merciful God! "What
use can we put it to? What can we do with it?
What are we keeping up this regular force in time
of peace for? It has been supposed heretofore
that these troops were necessary to protect the
frontier and to repel Indian hostilities, and we
havemaintained this force, year after year, for this
and for no other purpose, unless it be to furnish
a market for the people in the neighborhood of
whore troops are stationed.
Mr. REAGAN. Of course I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman pursuing such a line of
argument as suits his own fancy, but I do think
there is manifest injustice in holding the people
of the State of Texas up to the indignation of
t[ic country as outlaws and reprobates, when I
tell the gentleman that every man who knows
will say that there is not a more law-abiding sot
of men on earth. There may be bad men there,
as there arc in all the States, but is it just to the
law-abiding people of the State of Texas, because
a few men'have violated the law or resisted the
authorities of the State, if that has been done, to
hold the people of that State up before the House
as men of that stamp, to their manifest injury
here when they come asking for relief? Even if
the facts which he has stated be as he has stated
them, I am not willing to stand by and sue hun-
dreds of people murdered l>y Indiana entirely dif-
ferent from (hose whom ho assumed were wronged.
Mr. OLIN. The general fairness and candor
of the gentleman from Texas I am ready to ac-
knowledge on all occasions, and I would not say
one word to wound his feelings or unjustly reflect
on any of his people, But I must speak on this
occasion what are my own convictions; and I
speak not only in reference to the matter of the
murder of these Indians, but of the entire unwill-
ingness on the pait of the people of Texas to
bring to justice the persons who were notoriously
and defiantly concerned in this outrage.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 must again beg the gentle-
man's pardon for interrupting him. The gentle-
man seems to have overlooked the fact, which
appears in this correspondence, and which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has correctly
stated, that the Governor issued his proclamation
for the arrest of these persons, and writs were
issued for their arrest. The Governor aftei wards
appointed a commission of most respectable citi-
zens of the State of Texas, who went there and
thoroughly investigated the matter; who received
evidence on the part of citizens, of Indian agents,
and of the superintendent of Indian affairs. That
commission made a report, from which the Gov-
ernor saw that the facts as previously given to
him were untrue, and that the citizens ol Texas
had been placed m a false light; and that inform-
ation had been sent here to the Interior Depart-
ment which was false and slanderous as rcgaids
the citizens of Texas.
This commission acted upon the fullest inves-
tigation. It was composed of five respectable
and distinguished citizens of the State of Texas:
and if gentleman will road their report they will
see that it vindicates, as 1 stand here to vindicate,
to the fullest extent, the action of Governor Run-
nels in this matter. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman; but I think the people of Texas ought
to be vindicated from slanders like these.
Mr. OLIN. Do I undeistand that this com-
mission exonerated Baylor from the murder of
these Indians?
Mr. REAGAN. The commission examined
the facts fully, and found that the murder of these
Indians at camp Brazos'was committed in con-
sequence of repeated thefts and robberies by these
Indians, and in consequence of their being found
at the time in possession of horses which were
indentified as having been stolen, and which they
refused to deliver up without pay.
Mr. OLIN. Now, sir, after all that has been
said in reference to the stealing of these horses,
upon the reading of this correspondence and the
report of this commission, I affirm that, except
by the men who were engaged in this murder and
their abettors, no man will pretend to say that
there is any evidence o;r pretense of proof of any
theft whatever upon the part of those Indians, if
anybody will take the trouble to read this corre-
spondence, ho will perceive that the man who has
been in charge of these reserved Indians for a
number of years—a citizen of your own State of
Texas; a man of high respectability and of high
character for veracity, having the entire confidence
of the Department—himself shows, in this official
correspondence, such an exhibition of violation
of the faitlT of treaties, and of outragescommittcd
upon the Indians, compared with which the entire
correspondence of the Indian department of the
country affords n<? parallel. This correspondence
shows that the Indian agent who removed the In-
dians from the reserve, on returning to Fort Bel-
knap to settle up his accounts, for merely saying
something disrespectful of some person who had
been engaged in one of these Indian murders, was,
without other provocation, shot down in the street;
and his murder to-day remains unavenged by any
authority of Texas, and no effort has yet been
made, to my knowledge, to bring the murderer to
justice by the law-abiding people of your State.
But, sir, viewing this thing in the light I do;
looking at this whole transaction; looking at the
conduct of the people in the vicinity of this re-
serve—while I do not state, and I do not intend
to state, that they are worse than other people—
for there, as elsewhere, there are many good and
certainly some bad people—I must conclude that
the strong hand of violence has paralyzed the
arm of the civil power, and that lawlessness is
running riot there. Yea, sir, every principle of
the law of God and man is trampled under foot
in that region. That is the difficulty. Those
men, thus employed, certainly are not the men
who ought to be employed by (he United States
to do the work of exterminating these Indians, if
such a woik is deemed necessary. If they do it
at all, let them do it upon their own responsibil-
ity; or, as the gentleman from Texas has stated,
upon the responsibility of the State of Texas.
The gentleman from Texas says that the men
who make these predatory attacks and commit
these outrages are not the reserve Indians. If that
bo so, thenWhere, in any official correspondence,
whethei of the War Department or the Interior
Department, will it be found what Indians are
engaged in these difficulties with the people of
Texas? Who are the Indians that are now at
war with the frontier people of that State?
Mr. REAGAN. As the gentleman has asked
the question, I will icfer him, as I have already
referred the committee, to the correspondence be-
tween General Persifer P. Smith and the Secre-
tary of War; and between General Twiggs and
the Secretary of War; and between the Governor
of Texas and the War Department.
Mr. OLIN. That was m 1858, and has nothing
to do with this matter—the present state of things
on the Texas frontier.
Mr. REAGAN. There,also,is thecoricspond-
ence of four Governor of Texas. The whole
correspondence I have referred to, together with
other official information, goes to show that the
Indians who are engaged in the general war that
is being waged upon the frontier are the Ca-
manches, Kioways, Keechis, and others. The
correspondence referred to by the gentleman is a
correspondence between the Indian agent and the
superintendent of Indian affairs in Texas, and the
Department of the Interior, with reference to a
particular transaction. That transaction, which
he has lefeirod to, has no connection with the gen-
eral war that has gone on for the last six ycais.
That transaction passed away in 1858. It is an
isolated transaction, and has no intimate connec-
tion with the subject.
Mr. OLIN. The gentleman does not answer
my question at all. I have before me the whole
correspondence of the Indian department. The
gentleman allude^^mply to transactions which
existed as early as 1858, and which have nothing
to do with the existing condition of things on the
frontier.
Mr. REAGAN. I read from the correspond-
ence of Major Neighbors, of 17th January, 1858,
where he stated that six hundred head or horses
were stolen, and seven persons were killed, within
two months. That, sir, was not done by these
reserve Indians, but by the Indians I have named
before.
Mr OLIN. Still I adhere to my assertion, that
nowhere in the official correspondence can the gen-
tleman point out any statement of an organized
resistance on the part of any tribe of Indians
against the authority of the United States. If
there is, let me see it.
Mr. REAGAN. Here is a book, of fifty-seven
pages, full of such statements.
Mr. OLIN. What is the book ?
Mr. REAGAN. It is House Document No.
27, printed during the last Congress.
. Mr. OLIN. It is two years old.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
gentlemen that they are/pursuing a colloquy that
is not strictly parliamentary; and he hopes that
they will keep themselves within what they know
to be the rules.
Mr. REAGAN.Vl beg the Chair's pardon.
Here, sir, after Congress has been petitioned by
citizens of Texas&ay after day; after letter after
letter has been written by officers of the govern-
ment of Texas and officers of the United States
Government; after all the memorials and letters
and official correspondence have shown that this
general war in Texas, this constant destruction
of life and property, has been occasioned by the
Camanches and Kioways, and other Indians, the
gentleman from New York would deny the whole
thing, and assert that no such thing has been done
as the correspondence says has really taken place.
Mr. OLIN. I am speaking of the existing state
of things—of the present facts—and not of things
which occurred years ago. I am talking of the
facts which occurred immediately preceding the
demand for this regiment of mounted volunteers.
1 do not care now to inquire what occurred in
Texas two or four years ago, or what then was
the necessity for a mounted regiment of volun-
teers. I have stated, and I now repeat it, that at
the present time, so far as this Government is con-
cerned, it has no information that there is any ex-
isting difficulty with any respectable number of
Indians, or any Indian tribes upon the frontier.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 ask the gentleman whether
he does not know that the Camanches are at war
with our people, and that they have been always
at war with them? If he docs not know it, I tell
him that that is the fact; and I would also inform
him that that tribe numbers ten thousand warriors.
Mr. OLIN. If the United States troops now
in the field cannot suppress the hostilities of the
Camanches, I am willing to go for this mounted
regiment of volunteers. It is the easiest thing in
the world to rendezvous a sufficient force to go
out and quell a disturbance, or punish those In-
dians for any outrage they may commit. No
gentleman upon this floor knows that better than
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis.] But
that is not what this regiment is wanted for. This
regiment of volunteers is desned for the purpose
of a duty very similar to that of going out and
i serving a constable's process, or executing a enm-
j mal warrant from a justice of the peace, for horses
I that have been stolen. [Laughter.]
I Mr. REAGAN. 1 appeal to the gentleman, if
I he has no respect for my feelings, or fur the honor
•and interest of my State, at least to have respect
for himself; and I beg him not to state that these
troops aie wanted merely to serve a constable's
process. He knows that such a thing would be
unlawful. If that were all that was needed to bo
done, the aid of the United States would not be
called for. If the gentleman from New York will
indulge in these statements a.s figures of speech
merely, I must remind him that they are out of
place upon this grave question, which is up for the
consideration of this House of Representatives.
I only ^sk that the truth in this whole matter
shall be fairly stated.
Mr. OLIN. 1 am stating what I find in the
