1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolutions, submitted by Mr. Brown",
on the 18tll of January:
Resolved, That the Territories are the common property
of all the States, and that it is the privilege of the citizens
of all the States to go into the Territories with every kind
and description of property recognized by the Constitution
of the United States, and held under the laws of any of the
States; and that it is the constitutional duty of the law-
making power, wherever lodged, or by whomsoever exer-
cised, whether by the Congress or the Territorial Legisla-
ture, to enact such lavte as may be found necessary for the
adequate and sufficient protection of such property.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to insert in any bill they may report for the organization of
new Territories, a clause declaring it to be the duty of the
Territorial Legislature to enact adequate and sufficient
laws for the piotection of all kinds of property, as above
described, within the limits oftheTeiritory, and that upon
its failure or refusal to do so, it is the admitted duty of
Congress to interpose and pass such laws.
The pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Wilkinson, to strike out all after the word
" resolved," where first occurs, and insert the
following:  
TliLit the Teriitorics ;uo the common property of the
people of tin' United States; that Congiess has full power
ami authority to pass ail laws necessary and proper for the
government of sucli Territories; and that, m the cxerelse
of such power, it is the duty of Congress so to legislate in
relation to slavery therein, that the interests of free labor
may be encouraged and protected in such Territories.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to insert in any biil they may report for the organ-
ization of new Territories a clause declaring that there shall
be neither slavery nor mvoluntaiy servitude in sucii Terri-
toues, except in punishment for crimo whereof the party
has heen duly convicted.
Mr. FITCH addressed the Senate at some
length; and Mr. DOUGLAS, in reference to some
portion of Mr. Fitch's remarks, briefly re-
sponded. [The remarks will be published m the
Appendix.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there have
been some six different sorts of resolutions pro-
posed on the other side of the Chamber, giving,
as 1 suppose, some half a dozen different shades
of the harmonious Democracy upon this all-im-
portant subject of the slavery question, which they
are constantly thrusting into the Senate, and be-
fore the country, while at the same time they
charge upon the Republican party that we are re-
sponsible for all the agitation. I rise simply to
move that, in additions the printing ofthesetof
resolutions which was offered by the Senator from
Mississippi this morning, all these various sets of
resolutions be also printed, and laid upon our
tables for the infornwtioirof the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, 'Mr. Clay in
the chair.) With the consent of the Senator from
New Hampshire, the Chair will put that motion
to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have not felt
any disposition to discuss the resolutions intro-
duced by myself; but, as I stated yesterday, I
desire to have a vote on them. If it suits the
Senate, I will take a vote now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
advise the Senator that the Senator from New
Hampshire intimated a desire to be heard on them,
and moved that they be postponed until Monday.
Mr. HALE. If it is the desire of the Senator
from Mississippi to have a vote upon his resolu-
tions, I will forbear a speech at any time; and if
he can have a vote, I will waive any right of"dis-
cussing'them, and will submit the views I have
on some other resolutions, for I find that it does
not make the least odds under heaven what sub-
ject is up, any speech will answer for anything.
[Laughter.] I can say what I have to say on
some other subject.
Mr. BROWN. The principles embodied in
(he resolutions have figured in all the debate we
have hadthus far, so that I suppose the real prin-
ciples are well understood, and every Senator is
prepared to vote on them. I am, without any
further explanation. I would as soon have the
Vote to-day as at any time. If it suits the Senator
from New Hampshire, he can address himself to
the resolutions introduced this morning by my
colleague, or any other resolutions. I dare say
his speech would do nn one set of resolutions as
well as another. 1 hope the Senate will take a
vote on these resolutions now, and if the discus-
sion is to go on, let it be on the resolutions of
my colleague, or that introduced by the Senator
from Ohio, or anybody else. I will undertake to
introduce a new set if the gentleman desires it, if
the Senate willjust take a vote on these.
Mr. CLARK. I simply wish to say that I de-
sire to speak on these two resolutions which are
before the Senate. I have not quite the freedom
of debate, perhaps, of some other gentlemen, and
I desire to confine my attention to these two res-
olutions. If they can be postponed, it will be
agreeable to me; but still, if the Senator desires
to have a vote 
Mr. BROWN. If any one. wants to discuss
the resolutions, very well.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HALE. Let us dispose of this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone these resolutions
until Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr.PUGH. I wish to make a suggestion. The
Senator from Wisconsin asked that these resolu-
tions should be printed. There has been an order
to print all of them except my resolution rela-
tive to the Territories of New Mexico and Utah,
but that is sufficiently familiar. I think we need
not go to the expense of that. I hope the Sen-
ator will withdraw the suggestion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have them all
printed together. I want to compare them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us have
them altogether.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to print has already been submitted to the Senate,
and it has been adopted.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 3, 18G0.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. H. Nmdai,.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON RULES.
The SPEAKER appointed, under the resolu-
tion of the House of Wednesday last, as the mem-
bers of the committee to revise the rules of the
House, Messrs. Washburn, of Maine, Bocock,
Grow, and Winslow. The resolution itself
named the Speaker as one of the members of the
committee.
DELEGATE SWORN IN.
Mr. WASI-IBURNE, of Illinois. The Dele-
gate from Utah, who was not present on Wednes-
day last, is now present, and desires to be sworn
in.
Hon. William II. IIoorER, Delegate from the
Territory of Utah, presented himself, and took
the usual oath to support the Constitution.
MESSAGE TO TIIE SENATE.
Mr. FENTON. I call up my resolution, and
demand the previous question on it.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the resolution offered by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fentok,] on Wednesday, and
Oil which the previous, question has been called.
The resolution will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to in-
form that body that a quotum of the Ilou^e of Representa-
tives lias assembled, and that William Penxixcton, one of
the Representatives' from the State of New Jersey, has been
chosen Speaker, and that the House is now ready to pio-
ceed to busine&s.
Mr. NIBLACK. Who will carry the message
to the Senate in the present condition of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The present Clerk, or the
Clerk to be elected hereafter.
Mr. NIBLACK. There is no Clerk now, as I
understand it.
Mr. GROW. I insist that under the rules there
is a Clerk. I have no doubt of that fact, and if
I am permitted 1 will call the attention of the
House to a precedent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe that it is
the duty of the House now to'pvoceed to the elec-
tion of a Clerk fox this Congress. We have no
Clerk to send with the message to the Senate.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My recollection is that
the practice has been that proposed by the reso-
lution of the gentleman from New York. Such
a message, under similar circumstances, has been
invariably sent to the Senate at the beginning of
each Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When I yield the
floor, thegentleman can answer me. I am entitled
to the floor now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia only has the floor by unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am upon the floor
upon a point of order. In the Manual, which I
hold in my hand, I find the law laid down in the
following language:
" There is no law, resolution, rule, or order, directing the
appointment of a Clerk of the House of Representatives.
But, on the first day that a quorum assembled under the new
Constitution, the llouse elected a Clerk ; and one has been
elected at the commencement of every Congress since. The
act of June 1, 1789, provides that, at the first session of
Congress, after every general election of Representatives,
tiie oath or affirmation therein prescribed ' shall be admin-
istered by any one member of the House of Representa-
tives to the Speaker, and by him to all the members pres-
ent, and to the -Clerk, previous to entering on any other
business.'"
Here is the law laid down distinctly, and in a
manner incapable of misapprehension. And the
same Manual cites a precedent, as follows:
" And in the case of a vacancy which occurred in the
office of Clerk, duiing tho Thirty-FiM Congress, (see
Journal, first session, Thirty-First Congress, page 78S,) it
was decided that the House could take no action upon, nor
transact, any other business, until a ClPrlc was elected."
Here I have quoted tho act of 1789, laying down
a clear and undoubted rule for the government of
this House; and also a precedent in which a con- t
struction was put upon that law in the Thirty-
Fust Congress, and which adjudicated that the
House could take no action upon, or transact, any
other business, until a Clerk had been elected.
If, then, that be tho law, and this be the prece-
dent, why, sir, we ought to conform to it, unless
there be some very good reason why we should
not do so.
Mr. GROW. 1 rise to a point of order. It is,
that no debate is in order while the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am myself on tho
floor on a point of order.
Mr. GROW. But you cannot debate a point of
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am stating my
point of ord?r.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia was proceeding by the unanimous consent
of the House; otherwise, objection would prevent
his proceeding.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether he is of opinion that tho Senate,
which, as 1 understand it, declines to take any
legislative action until the House is organized,
must still remain suspended in its action until we
have elected a Clerk, which may possibly be two
months hence?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. All I have to say.
in reply is, thatl maintain, under the law of 1789,
and under the precedent of tho Thirty-First Con-
gress, that wo have nobody through whom we
1 can notify the Senate of our organization. I insist
that the first business, after the Speaker has sworn
in the members, is to swear in the Clerk, in the
language of tho act of 1789, and you cannot swear
in one until he is elected. I move, therefore, that
the House proceed to the election of a Clerk, and
upon that I move the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Suppose we have a pro-
tracted struggle on the election of Clerk, I would
ask tho gentleman from Virginia who is to record
our proceedings ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The House ought,
pe*haps, to elect a Clerk pro tempore, I would sug-
gest.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Such has not been the
practice. For the last twenty-five years the Clerk
of each preceding Congress has been the Clerk of
the succeeding Congress until a new Clerk was
elected.
