1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
262?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not thin]£ it could be any
harm to have two additional majors; but 1 do not
think that is exactly what we propose to do. It
would still require these two majors to be em-
ployed as professois probably, though this is one
ot' the things which was first introduced in the
organization of the Army. If the Senator will
notice the legislation and the reports upon the
subject back to a very remote period, it was re-
marked that the corps of engineers, being a small
corps of select officers, lost the promotion which
was attained by going into the line. If you will
take up the Register and compare the dates of
entering into service, you will iind the very offi-
cers selected because of their attainments and put
in the coj-ps ofengineers have less rank than those
of lower attainments who entered the cavalry and
infantry. They have less grade because the field
grade and the engineer corps is not large enough
to create the number of vacancies to which they
may succeed. In point of fact, therefore, you
give the smallest proportion to the man whom
you recognize as having the highest merit.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. If I accurately understand the
principle, it is proposed to restore these officers
back to the line of active promotion after they
have served an apprenticeship at the Academy.
Why can it not be done by dispensing with the
fore part of the amendment, in regard to taking
the rank in the Army, and merely providing that
there shall be two majors in the engineers addi-
tional, and put them in to occupy; those places?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know that I understand
the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand this propo-
sition is, in the first place, to let these officers
take rank in the Army; and thereby attain for
themselves the rank they would have had if they
had lemainedin the Army, that is, to get their
promotion. Now why not leave out that part,
and just add two engineers to thcengineer corps,
and appoint these men to them, without disturb-
ing the line at all? Could not the object be at-
tained by creating these two places to bo filled by
these men in the line of appointment, and not
disturb the line of promotion in relation to other
men ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not see how it does disturb
the line of promotion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand these men
are to go back into the line, and there will be dif-
ficulty with others who have been in tile line all
the while, about rank. It, therefore, disturbs
those men who are in the line. Why not add two
majors, and appoint these persons to fill those
places ? ^
Mr. DAVIS. Really I do not understand the
gentleman. If you add two majorities, and ap-
point these men to them, I do not say that he has
not effected everything.
Mi. COLLAMER. Well, if we did that, it
would not disturb them, as the first part of the
amendment docs, by letting these men go back
into the line and take the rank they might have
had, had they remained in it. The first part might
disturb other people, as 1 understand it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the Senator un-
derstands the amendment. The addition of these
two majors is made contingent upon these two
men coming back into the engineer corps, and it
was exactly to avoid the objection which I antici-
pated, such as the Senator from New Hampshire
suggests, whether it is not making two more ma-
jors; it was to present the reason of the addition.
I will make it clear to the Senator in this way:
suppose one of the professors should not choose
to accept the majority and go back into the engi-
neer corps, you wou Id promote a captain to a ma-
jority, and you would thus increase the promotion
of the engineer corps, to which I should have no
objection, but without the reason which is offered
for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on the amendment reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs?
The question being put; on a division, there
were—aves fifteen; noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is considered as lost, not a majority of a
quorum voting; in 'lie affirmative.
. Mr. BROWN. You have not taken the other
side. Take the negative.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not necessary,
The PRESIDING OEFICER. The amend-
ment is necessarily lost, not a majority of aquo-
rum voting for it. The amendment is lost.
Mr. DAVIS. The vote has not been fully-
taken. I ask for the yeas and nays, if it be the
pleasure of the Senate to take the yeas and nays
on the question.
Mr. WILSON. We can divide just as well.
Mr. DAVIS. A division has not brought the
result. 1 ask that the question be taken by yeas
and nays in order that we may get the expression
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result
was announced; but still the Chair will take the
sense of the Senate upon ordering the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being;
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blight, Chesnut, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
licfc, Hammond, Hemphill, Iver&on, Johnson of Arkansas,
Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian,
Sewaid, Wijrfall, and Yulee—19.
NAY8-Mc.s5.rs. Anthony, lixgler, Bingham, Bragg,
Brown, Chandler, CJaik, CJingman. Collamer, Dixon, Doe-
little, Duikec, Fe=senden, Foot, Foster, Gteen, Gurnet,
Hale, Hamlin, Ilarlan, Hunter. Johnson of Tennessee,
King,Mallory, Peaice, Pugh, Sauisbmy, Simmons, Slide!!,
Suiuncr,Ten Eyck,Tiuiu6uU, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wil-
son—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mitter on the District of Columbia to offer the
following amendment:
Insert at the end of the bill:
For completing the Washington aqueduct, according to
the plans, and estimates of Captain Al. C. Meigs, $oO0,QOQ.
I suppose the subject is understood. If no other
Senator proposes to discuss it, I do not.
Mr. PJGARCE. This does not seem to mc to
be a proper bill—the Army appropriation bill—
for an amendment of this sort; and m a few days
the Senate will have before them a bill in which
that proposition will come up.
Mr. BROWN. This is precisely where it has
always been. The work has always been under
the control of the War Department.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it appropriately be-
longs tu the civil miscellaneous bill, and there the
Senator will find it in a few days. The bill is not
yet reported; but it will be.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; I hope it will not
be lost sight of, though. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. IVERSON. I propose an amendment from
the Committee on Claims:
Insert as a new section:
Jbid be it further enacted^ That all the States which have
had, oi shall h.ive, refunded to them by tiie United States,,
moiu'js expended by such States for military put poses dur-
ing or sm^e the war of 1812 with Great Britain, which
have not already been allowed interest upon the moneys feo
expended, shall now he allowed interest, so lar ad they
have themselves either paid or lost it. and interest to be
computed by the proper accounting olficeis of the Treas-
ury, according to the provisions and principles directed to
be"applied to the State of Maiyland, by the twelith section
of the act of March 3, 1857, entitled u An act making ap-
propriations for eeitain civil expenses of the Government
i'or the year ending the 30th of June, 1858 ;>"■ and that all
tiie States winch have been allowed interest upon claims
against the United States, accruing during or since ^aid
year of 1812, Mmll be entitled to have inteiest accounts re-
examined and restated by the proper accounting otficers
of the Treasury, accotdmg to the provisions and principles
of the said twelfth section of the act ot March 3, 1857; and
that those provi^iond and principles shall govern the com-
putation ol interest in all cases in which interest may heie-
after be allowed to any of the States; and any money found
to be due to any State, by virtue of the provisions of this
act, shall be paid to such State out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That, in
lieu ot the payment of money, the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury ma>, at his discretion, issue to said State* cutifieates
of stock, bearing inteiest at the rate ot five per centum p"r
annum teim-annually at the Treasury, and redeemable m
ten year#, ui sooner, at the pleasure ot the President of the
United States-: And provided, That in computing the in-
terest upon the moneys advanced bv Massaeim-ous in the
war ot 181*2 with Great Britain, «.uch moneys s>hall be con-
sidered s a'ter tin* separation of Maine from Ma^achunett^,
a* having been advanced m the proportion of one third by
Maine and two thirds by Massachusetts, and the interest
account of the said States t>hall be adjusted accordingly:
And provided farther, That th« piovision-* of this section
shall be applied to the inteie&t accounts of the city of BaltJ-
inoie, for advances of money made by said city during the
said war of 181)3.
Tins is the same amendment, in substance, of-
fered by the Committee on Claims two years ago,
and then offered to the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill, and which passed the Senate. It went
to the House of Representatives, and the House
substituted an amendment calling upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to report at the next Con-
gress the amount of interest which would be due
to the States according to the mode of computa;
tion there described. The report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury came in at the last sessi&n
of Congress, and at the last session of Congress a.
similar amendment to the one which I now pro-
pose was offered by me from the Committee on,
Claims, and passed on the 26th of February last,
upon the yeas and nays. The only difference
between the amendment now proposed and the
amendment winch has passed the Senate on two
former occasions—the last session and the session
before—is that the city of Baltimore is included
now in the category of States, or those who have
made advances to the General Government during
the war of 1812, and upon which they are enti-
tled to interest according to the mode prescribed
in the amendment; and also in relation to the par-
tition of the interest which may fall to the States
of Massachusetts and Maine. The amendment
which we proposed at the last session did not
contain that provision. The Senators from Mas-
sachusetts, however, think it is proper, and they
have agreed upon that feature of the amendment.
It ifs, that whatever interest may be due to the
State of Massachusetts shall be divided between
the State of Massachusetts and the State of Maine,
in the proportion stated in the amendment. Ac-
cording to the estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury the amount required by this amend-
ment will be about one million six hundred thou-
sand dollars, a pretty large amount.
For the sake of those Senators who were not
present to hear the former discussion upon this
subject, I will make a very brief statement of the
reasons upon which this amendment is proposed.
Congress passed the following act on March 3,
182o, to bo found in the fourth volume of the Stat-
utes at Large, page 132;
An act authorizing the payment of interest due to the
State ot Viigima.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled>
That the pioper accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment be, and they tuc lieu by, authorized and directed to
liquidate and settle the claim of the Stated Virginiaagainst
the United States, for interest upon loans of moneys bor-
lowed, and actually expended by her, for the use and ben-
efit of the United States, during the late war with Great
Britain.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, That, in ascertaining
the amount of interest as. aforesaid, due to the State of Vir-
ginia, the following rules shall be understood as applicable
to and governing the case, to wit: First,that interest shall
not be computed on any Mim which Viiginia has not ex-
pended for the use and benefit of the United States, as ev-
idenced by the amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by
the United States; second, that no Interest shall be paid on
any sum on which she has not paid interest; third, that,
when the principal, or any part of it, has been paid or re-
funded by the United States, or money placed in the hands
of Virginia tor that purpose, the interest on the sum or sums
so paid or refunded shall cease, arid not be considered as
chaigealilc to the United States any longer than up to the
tune oHhe repayment,as aforesaid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the amount of
the interest when ascertained as afoiesaid, thai) be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
That was the law in relation to Virginia, direct-
ing the accounting officers to make the estimate,
and pay back to Virginia interest upon advances
made during the war of 1812, providing the State
of Virginia had either paid interest or lost inter-
est. That was the act of March 3,1825. By the
act of May 22,1826, the same provision precisely
was enacted in relation to New York. By the act
of March 3, 1827, the same provision precisely
was adopted in relation to the State of Pennsyl-
vania. By the act of March 22, 1832, the same
was adopted in relation to the State ot South Car-
olina. By the act of January 26, 1849, the same
provision was made in relation to the State ot Al-
abama, for expenses incurred in Indian wars. By
the act of March 3,1651, the same act was passed
in relation to the State of Georgia, for advances
made by her during the Cherokee and Seminole
war. These acts^allow to the States interest
upon the advances made by them during the war
of 1812, and since that time.
The accounting officers of the Treasury, in mak-
ing the computation oi' interest, adopted the old
mode of computing interest; an arbitrary one,
which had been, I suppose, in use for a long se-
ries of years. They calculated interest upon the
advance up to the last date of settlement. They
then calcuiatcd the interest upon the various pay-
ments made by the Government back to the State;
calculated the interest on each payment up to such
