I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
36tii Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. 03? Reps.
Stanton-,] objects, in the first place, that even if
it were advisable to increase the force as proposed,
with troops adequate to the service, as is proposed
, by this bill, they should not be raised from the
people on the frontier of Texas, against whom,
he thinks, the Indians require as much protection
as the people on the frontier require against the
Indians. Now, sir, I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to consider one fact. I know ho means to be
fair. I have always found him to be so. If these
troops are raised and placed under the control of
a United States" officer, will they not be as much
under the control of the Federal authorities, and
compelled to do the duties that are assigned to them,
whether within the limits of Texas or outside her
limits, as the Government may require, in the same
manner and as absolutely as any other United
States troops? And I ask the question whether,
if this regiment be r.aised, it will not be placed
under the control of the War Department, and
subjected to the same discipline that exists m any
other portion of the Army of the United States?
Will it not be compelled to do duty where it is
ordered ?
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will answer his question.
Mr. HAMILTON. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STANTON. Undoubtedly the regiment
will be under the control of the War Department,
and under the command of the officer in charge of
the Texas department. The regiment will be
under the command of its own colonel. If the
regiment is ordered to pursue a band of Indians;
it will then be entirely left to the discretion of the
officers and soldiers who go out upon the expe-
dition.
Mr. HAMILTON. Sofarasthatisconcernod,
I know of but one way of chastising the Indians,
and that is, to find them and kill them if you can.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. My mode of operation would
be not to kill women and children, and I would
notattack non-combatants when they were willing
to surrender.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will say, in response to
the gentleman from Ohio, that if he had about a
dozen arrows shot at him by a squaw, and she
was standing ready to let fly the thirteenth, ho
would not stop long to consider, but would shoot
her down with a bail from his revolver without a
shudder. The women are generally dressed so
much like the men that it is difficult to tell one
from the other in the hurry and excitement of
battle; and thus it has sometimes happened that
they have shared the fate of the warriors of the
tribe. I think that the gentleman from Ohio would
bo hk<*ly to kill one of those squaws, if engaged
in baffle with the tribe, without being aware that
she was not a man. The similarity of dress be-
tween the males and females, and the feet that the
latter often engage in battle with the former, ac-
counts for the fact that a number of them have
been killed without the troops knowing that such
was the case until after it had happened. The
women fight as desperately as the men, and some-
times us effectively.
But, sir, what i wish to call the gentleman's
attention to is this: he seems to have an idea
that if you put this regiment upon the frontierof
Texas, it would exercise its power to kill Indians
wherever they found them, and without regard
to whether they were peaceful or hostile. I will
tell the gentleman that there are 110 settlements
outside o*f the line of posts. There are very few,
if there are any; and the Indians are not permit-
ted to come within the line of posts, and upon the
settled portions of Texas, unless they are will-
ing to be considered hostile. If found there, the
presumption is (and they know that such will be
the presumption) that they are there for no good
purpose, and that they are hostile. They have
the right to expect such treatment as is extended
to hostile Indians. I presume that the War De-
partment would not authorize the troops to go
beyond the line of posts, except for the purpose
of pursuing such Indians as had been within that
line. Then, in that case, I suppose that this
regiment, or any other portion of the Army of the
United States, would be authorized to follow them
and to punish them. If they are without the lim-
its of our frontier and peaceful, if they are doing
us no harm, it is not to be supposed that they will
New Series—-No. 1
be molested. I do not think that the gentleman
from Ohio is treating the Government fairly when
he states the hypothesis that it w«DuId authorize
the pursuit and indiscriminate slaughter of the
Indians, just because the troops in the service
might have the capacity to do it. Certainly, no
such thing could possibly be intended by the Gov-
ernment, or those acting under its orders and au-
thority.
Mr. Chairman, there is no vindictivencss on the
part of the people of Texas against these Indians,
except that which naturally exists in the bosom
of those who have been heavy sufferers by In-
dian hostilities. I imagine that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] would feel very much
like a great many men in Texas, if he had lost his
son and found his dead body lying upon the site
of his homestead with his scalp torn off and his
body stuck full of arrows, or if he found his wife
slaughtered upon her own threshold, or if his
daughter was carried into captivity and remitted
to a fate in comparison with which death would
be a gracious boon—I imagine that he would, in
either of these cases, feel differently from what
he docs now, and that he would concede that if
there is any vindictivencss felt, if there is any de-
sire entertained to pursue and punish these sav-
ages, there has been ample cause for it.
We do not ask the Government to give the
Fcople of Texas the power to go and hunt these
ndians because they have wronged us; but we
ask the Government to give us the means to pro-
tect ourselves from further aggression, or to pun-
ish the aggressors.
We want nothing more; and it is all that we
have asked.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as to the argument that
this complaint, coming from Texas, is trumped
up for the purpose of having an expenditure of a
certain amount of the public money in Texas. I
have to say that it deserves no reply. It is false.
It never had an existence in fact. The people of
Texas would prefer to have no troops there, either
regular or irregular. We have had enough of
troops since the day when the flag of the lone
star was first raised, and the time has arrived
when the people want repose from war. They
want depredations to cease.
I want to call the attention of the committee to
the statements with reference to the designs of the
present executive of Texas, and that, too, in con-
nection with his urgent demands on the Govern-
ment for calling this regiment into the service.
It has been intimated that General Houston
perhaps had some ulterior design upon Mexico,
and that he felt that his mission with regard to the
Seople of that country had not been fulfilled.
Tow, it has been said he thought it the moment
for crossing the Rio Grande; and that, if he could
get the control of this regiment, he might find the
means of diverting it from its original object
and swelling his ranks, destined to march to the
city of Mexico. 1 desire to state that Governor
Houston has no such design: and he has sent one
of his aids to this city on the subject, charged
with the duty of making known to the President
of the United States, in the most solemn manner,
that, so far from having any such design, lie wanted
not one company of this regiment stationed upon
the Rio Grande at all, preferring that the United
States troops should occupy posts there, which,
in his judgment, would give peace to that front-
ier; and that this regiment should be employed
upon the northern border, in the protection of the
homes of the people from the savages.
But it is said that there is no official information,
such as this House could consider sufficient, going
to show that anything like war existed on the part
of the Indians upon the northern frontier of Texas.
I want to know of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Olin,] whether he regards the solemn com-
munication of the executive of the State of Texas,
who is clothed with power and authority to rep-
resent the condition of his people to the nationa]
Government, is not official information? Frem
what source is his information to come? Is the
communication of the Governor of Texas not so
good as if it came from an officer of the United
States At my in that State? It is not my purpose
to say anything in defense of the character of the
present executive of Texas. He requires no de-
fense here, either ag a man or as a public officer.
He is known to the country. But if he \^ore un-
known to fame, it is enough to know that he is
Governor of the State of Texas. He, under the
sanctions of his official oath,, represents to the
Government of the United States the condition of
the people ofhis State; and yet we are to be told
that there is not official information upon which
gentlemen can rely with certainty as to the exist-
ing state of affairs in Texas! 1 will read an offi-
cial communication addressed to me, as one of the
Representatives of the State of Texas, dated the
16th of March, ultimo. The Secretary of State
says:
State Department, Austin, March 16, 1860.
Sir: I luive the honor to inclosc you a list, made up
from authentic information, on file in the executive de-
partment, of persons killed and horses stolen by the Indi-
ans.
Also, "orders1' issued by Governor Houston.
Veiy respectfully, * E. VV. CAVE,
Secretary of State.
P. S.—We Iiave in tlie Indian service, besides these min-
ute men, over three hundred rangers j yet matters are get-
ting worse. E. W. C.
Hon. A. J. Hamilton.
List of persons killed and wounded by the Indians in the last
four months'.
In Erath county-*-Two women killed; two taken prison-
ers and violated. Both escaped naked; one since dead.
Five persons killed.
In Bosque—Two ministers shot with arrows; one since
dead.
In Camanche—'Five pefsons killed—men, women, and
children. Two (father and daughter) not yet found j sup-
posed to be dead.
In Burnett—Three persons killed; two men severely
wounded.
In San Saba—One man killed.
In Jack—Nine persons killed; houses robbed and plun-
dered.
In Bosque—Three men killed.
In Bromi—Five persons killed; two taken prisoners.
In Coryell—One man killed.
In Three persons killed; two taken prisoners.
On Clear For!:—Two persons killed.
In Cook—One woman killed.
In Gillespie—Four persons killed.
In Gillespie—One person killed.
On overland route—Two persons killed.
In Webb—Two persons killed.
Fifty-one persons killed, and probably as many more
wounded and taken prisoners.
Eighteen hundred horses stolen, including seventy from
the United States troops at camp Cooper.
Since the above statement was transmitted to the War
Department, two other persons have been killed—one in
Palo Pinto, and one m Burnett.
The number that had been killed up to that time,
within a space of four months, was fifty-three.
Since then 1 have received additional information
from the same source, which I do not happen to
have about mc just now, that twelve more persons
were killed. That information was of twenty days
ago. What has occurred since then I have not
the means of knowing.
The gentleman from New York said that the
war had ceased. Upon what authority does he
declare that Indian depredations there have ceased?
He must have means of information not at my
command, or that of colleague, or any otl\er gen-
tleman of this House. The last information I re-
ceived from home states that this thing is growing
constantly worse; and I take it for granted that
the information is correct. If the gentleman has
other information, let him communicate it.
Mr. OLIN made a remark which was entirely
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. HAMILTON. I donotknowthatit makes
much difference with the gentleman from New
York or myself whether weare killed by organized
or unorganized bands of Indians. The effect
would be about the same upon us, and upon the
community. It is true—and this discloses one of
the difficulties we labor under—that if all the In- -
dians who are hostile to the people of Texas were
embodkd together, and would keep together, it
would he comparatively easy to deal with them,
and secure peace and quiet. They could be hunted
down and subdued. It is because we have not a
properly organized force, and because, as a matter
of policy, the Indians break up into little bands,
and commit depredations, that we desire a pecu-
liar character of force to trail them and overtake
them.
If the Indians would come together and embody
their forces, to the number of five or six thousand,
the infantry of the United States Army would be
a serviceable force against them; and perhaps we
could dispense with a cavalry and mounted mfan-
