THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Royce,- Euffin. Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Simras,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spaulding,
Stevenson, Stokes, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Thomas,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eilihu
B. Washhume, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wood,
Woodruff, and Wright—131.
Sp -the resolution was rejected.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GARNETT said: I desire to ask whether
the late Clerk receives his salary pro rata, up to
the present time?
. Mr. BURNETT. Certajply he does.
• Mr. GARNETT. Then he receives at the rate
of $3,600 a year for the two months just passed.
Mr. BURNETT. Certainly.
Mr. BONHAM, when his name was called,
said: I do not wish to do any injustice to our late
Clerk. I would be glad to know of the members
of this House whether they consider that the pay
he gets as Clerk, at the rate of |3,600 per annum,
is a compensation suitable for the troubles he has
endured, and the duties he has discharged, while
he has been here acting as the presiding officer of
this body? I submit that question for the consid-
eration of members. I think that it is not suffi-
cient pay, and I therefore vote in the affirmative.
The allowance is like that made four years ago in
a similar case.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, when his name was
called, said: Mr. Allen, our late Clerk, received
no mileage. He came here and performed his
duties faithfully. I vote in the affirmative, deeming
the proposition only wh at he deserves at our hands.
Mr. CLEMENS, when his name was called,
said: I understand the pending proposition to be
to give the late Clerk of the House additional
pay, at the rate of eight dollars per diem, from the
4th day of December last.
Mr. STANTON. This speech-making during
the roll-call is a bad practice, and I object to it,
as out of order.
Mr. WINSLOW. The previous question op-
erating, debate is not in order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am not debating the ques-
tion. I do object to the proposition that the late
Clerk shall receive eight dollars per day, in addi-
tion to the ten dollars per day which he receives
under the law. The duties he has discharged in
presiding over this House were in contemplation
of the law when his salary was fixed. Itun, there-
fore, utterly opposed to putting my hand into the
Treasury and giving the Clerk extra compensa-
tion for duties which the law devolved upon him.
The law, and not the House, devolved these du-
ties upon him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I call th e gentleman
to order. Debate is not m order. If he proceeds
further, I shall insist that an answer to liis re-
marks shall be heard.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to know where the
law is the gentleman from Virginia refers to?
[Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered, debate is not now in order, nor is it
in order to enter into discussion during a roll-call.
Mr. FLORENCE. I only want to say, that
it is now proposed to give the late Clerk what
was given, under similar circumstances, to a pre-
vious Clerk.
Mr. COOPER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that, believing the
proposition to be right, he voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Helmick, had paired with Mr. Craig, ofMissouri.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded. .
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the motion to
reeonsidcr be laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thogentlemnn has notgot
the floor to make that-motion. I will occupy the
attention of the House but for a few moments. I
appeal to the sense of justice of this body, and I
ask members whether they will reconsider the
- vote by which the proposition was defeated ? Will
the House refuse to give to a faithful officer, the
late Clerk, the compensation that was given to a
previous Clerk, under similar circumstances?
I contend, Mr. Speaker, that there is no obli-
gation upon the Cli ik to pel form the duties of
presiding officer of the House.
' The gentleman from Virginia referred to a law.
There is 110 law requiring these duties of the Clerk
that I can recollect. It has been the practice, I
admit, for the Clerk to preside over the House
until a Speaker is elected. That is the practice
under parliamentary law, and is referred to in Jef-
ferson s Manual in a single line. I apprehend that'
the Clerk of the House could refuse to perform
this duty; and then what situation would the
House be placed in, if the Clerk did refuse to pre-
side over its deliberations ? Then we would have
to select a chairman to preside until we could elect
■ a Speaker; and that chairman, I presume, would
I be entitled to the Speaker's pay while he acted as
I presiding officer. The precedent having been es-
| tablished in a preceding case, I think it is due to
J our late Clerk 'that the proposition should pass
' now. If my memory serves me, I think the res-
olution 011 the former occasion to which I allude
was passed by acclamation.
Mr. WINSLOW. Yes, sir; by acclamation.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; the gentleman's
memory agrees with mine. I believe there were
then'not members enough opposed to it to order
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WH1TELEY. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, whether the law is not expressly
againsttheproposition,and whether the Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury would not be obliged to refuse
payment under it? I voted for the resolution, but
at the time I did not know what was the law in
the case.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have not examined the
law. I am willing, however, to pass this resolu-
tion, 111 order to give an expression of our judg-
ment that the Clerk was entitled to this additional
pay.
Mr. CLEMENS sought the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania can only yield the floor by unanimous
consent; and I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I do not yield the
floor.
My colleague [Mr. Montgomery] informs me
that this additional compensation will be paid
out of the contingent fund of the House. The
practice, he tells mo, has been to vote such extra
pay out of the contingent fund, and that the
Comptroller has recognized authority on the part
of the House to do that. However that may be,
I have no doubt if the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury refused to allow this extra compensation, the
Senate apd the House would agree to pass a joint
resolution in the matter, or that there should be
an item appropriating the requisite amount in the
civil appropriation bill. The House having es-
tablished the precedent in a former case, I do not
see why the House should now refuse to pass
this proposition.
Mr. WINSLOW. Permit me a moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania can only yield by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. Interruptions, under the prac-
tice of the House, are not in order, unless by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Del-
aware propounds a question to me whether, under
the law, the Comptroller would pay the money if
the proposition was passed ? 1 understand from
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Wins-
low] that the ruling of the Comptroller referred
to was, that extra compensation voted to the pages
was not within the purview of the law.
Now, the resolution of the gentleman from New
York says "for extra services," and they are
extra services; and they are worth quite eight dol-
lars a day, and more.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to read him the law ?
Mr. BURNETT. I believe I am recognized
by the Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman, and I object to anybody else in-
terrupting him. I thought he was through.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thought the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yielded the floor; if he
did not, ho is still entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to make a fair ex-
planation and elucidation of this matter. I do not
think that the gentleman from Kentucky is saving
anytime by objections of the character he has
raised. I asked the gentleman from Virginia to
show me the law. I do not know of the existence
of any law against it, and I think it only fair that
Mr. Allen should be paid what has heretofore
been paid to a Clerk under similar circumstances.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have the law in my hand.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object to any interruption
unless the gentleman yields the floor entirely. Let
all be treated alike.
Mr. CLEMENS. I referred to the act of 1842.'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Read it.
Mr. CLEMENS. The act of August 26,1842,
is as follows:
"That no allowance or compensation sliali be made to
any clerk or other officer, by reason of a discharge of duties
which belong to any other clerk or officer, in the same or
any other Department; and no allowance or compensation
which maybe made for any extra services whatever, which
any clerk or other officer may be required to perform."
And the act of 23d May, 1842, is as follows:
" That no officer in any branch of the public service, or
any other person whose salary, pay, or emoluments, is, or
are fixed by law or regulation, shall receive any additional
pay, extra allowance or compensation, in any form what-
ever, for the disbursementof public money, or for any other
service or duty whatsoever, unless the same shall be author-
ized by law, and the appropriation therefor expiieitlyset
forth that it is for such additional pay, extra allowance, or
compensation."
These acts are embodied in the rules of the
House, and the House is now estopped by its own
act, at its last meeting, by adopting those rules,
from granting any extra compensation whatever.
They are estopped by the law itself; for, bythe
terms of the resolution, the House proposes to
give to the Clerk of the House an additional com-
pensation, over and above his compensation of
$3,600 per annum.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know who has
the floor? I have objected to these interruptions
from the start, and I insist now upon the enforce-
ment of the rules.
Mr. CLEMENS. I understood the Chair to
assign the floor to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to say this 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must have the floor jf it is insisted upon.
Mr. FLORENCE. X am not disposed improp-
erly to consume the time of the House with this
proposition at this time. Gentlemen around me
say, let it go over for the present. A sense of right
and justice must convince gentlemen, upon reflec-
tion, that they ought to pass this resolution. I
have had no conversation with the gentleman who
introduced this resolution, nor with the late Clerk,
and I knew nothing about this matter until the
resolution was introduced. I thought the reso-
lution fair and just, and that the services were
worth what was proposed to be paid to him, and
hence I desired to have the resolution passed
simply as an act of justice, and nothing more. 1
withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was disagreed to. I
have only a few words to say, and have no desire
to detain the House upon the proposition. No
man here, I presume, doubts the efficiency of the
late Clerk of this House. Certainly I do not, for
I have testified my confidence in him by voting
for him for that position twice; but the gentleman
who offered this resolution and asked us to vote
for it, asks us to violate a law of Congress in
passing it.
Mr. J3PINNER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether a similar resolution was
not passed four years ago, and whether the money
was not paid by the officers at the Treasury De-
partment?
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; we did pass such
a resolution, and I understand the money was paid;
but since that time there has been a decision of the
Comptroller, which governs, in my judgment, this
very case. But leaving that out of view, I care
not whether you can pass it, but I go back to the
original question, whether it ought to be passed?
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky whether it is not a fact that,
at the last session of Congress, when, under a
similar resolution, the money had been paid by
the Clerk of the House and the Secretary of the
Senate, and their accounts were not passed at the
Treasury Department, and the money not paid,
did we not pass a special law to meet the case?
Mr. BURNETT. That was so, and 1 was
