1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
children may lie in a certain sense the inferiors of
the adult, miisttheynecessarily be deprived of the
protection of the laws of the country? A sup-
posed inferiority necessarily, in my judgment,
involves the necessity of laws for the protection of
the weak; but all this is not necessarily involved
in the legitimate discussion of the question now
before the Senate.
The question now pending is, whether we shall,
in making an appropriation of money from the
public Treasury, provide for the education of all
the children of the District—the white children in.
separate schools, and the colored children in sep-
arate schools. What objection'is there to this?
Senators on the other side fear that, if the colored
population should be educated, we shall at once
discover an annihilation of the distinction between
the two races, and that from that time forward
we shall be perfect equals. I am, necessarily then,
the equal of the negro, merely because he can
read the Bible ! It Beems to me that a proposition
more absurd couldnot be presented tothe attention
of the Senate. I suppose that the equality of man
with man, or the equality of race with race, depends
entirely on other principles; but if it were true that
an inferior class of individualsmustnecessarily be
deprived of the means of moral and mental culture,
deprived of the protection of the laws, because
they are inferiors, where will the proposition end?
You must deny the Indian, now in your schools
at the public charge, an education as well as the
negro. Who will admit that the Indians of this
country are the equals of the Anglo-Saxons as
they now exist? We are highly cultivated, en-
lightened, moral, and intelligent, and they, the
most of them, are savages.
Who will pretend foramJmentthatthe Asiatic
. is the equal of the Anglo-Saxon, as lie exists in
this country and in a number of the States of
Europe ? Nobody. Then must he necessarily
be deprived, if he should chance to find a home in
our country, of the means of moral and mental
culture and the protection of our laws ' I appre-
hend not; and we may narrow it down still fur-
ther. When you come to the inhabitants of the
various States of Europe, populated by our own
race of men, y ou will find, perhaps, a superiority in
moral and mental endowment in one country over
that which is manifestad in another country. You
may find in France or in England a superiority
in these respects over the people that inhabit some
of the .other States of Europe—Christian nations.
Shall we then discriminate against any of these ?
Coming home, we shall find a difference among
ourselves. We find a difference here 011 this floor
in all these regards—in mental and in moral devel-
opment,in general excellence of character, and in
ability. Then must the laws be so framed as to
discriminate against the weak, against the feeble,
against those that need protection ?
If the arguments presented by the Senator from
Delaware and the Senator from Mississippi were
necessarily involved in the question now before
the Senate, they arc absurd; they carry with them
their own refutation. Those with whom I act
propose nothing but the enactment of laws that
shall be just to the weak as well as the strong
—nothing more. None of us fear that anybody
will class us with the negro population of the
country if you protect the negro's rights—if you
allow him to eat the bread that he earns with his
own hands; if you allow him to support his own
wife and his own children with the proceeds of
his own toil. This, in itself, will not make him
the equal of the white race, or at least it will not
require us to associate with him 011 terms of
equality.
The proposition here, then, is, as defined by me,
to provide for the education of the free colored
' population of this District as a means for the pre-
vention of crime. I have observed that ignorant
people generally commit the most crime; and if
you will examine the inmates of the jails, the
penitentiaries, and the poor-houses of the coun-
try, and of your own District, you will find a
great majority of these inmates arc of the ignorant
class of the community. Hene.e, probably, a ma-
'onty of them are from the colored-population.
'11 my judgment, it will be much cheaper to pro-
vide for the education of this class of people than
it will be to provide for their punishment as crim-
inals and their support as paupers. The Senator
fro>.i Mississippi supposes there was a constitu-
tional objection. Well, sir, if it exists in relation
i
to the amendment now under consideration, it
exists in relation to the main proposition. His
argument would be pertinent, then, to the main
question, when we tome to vote on the passage
of the bill, and as pertinent to that as to the
amendment. ,
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I certainly
havo no idea of contending for many things that
the honorable Senator from Iowa has assumed in
his remarks that I intended to contend for. It may
be true; and it may be that courtesy of expression
will allow him to say that the argument of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi and myself
was absurd, and required no refutation; and the
only pity is, that the honorable Senator should
have expended so much time to refute that which
was not worth refutation. My proposition was
this: I do notcousider this is a question of rights,
but a question of whether the Government of the
United Status, or of any State, shall provide for
the education of those who are unable to educate
themselves, or even of those who are. The sys-
tem of common schools is a question of policy. It
involves 110 question of individual right necessa-
rily in deciding jvhether, in a State or here, we
shall provide, or not provide, for the education
generally of those who choose to send their chil-
dren to those schools. A bill is introduced into
the Senate which provides for education; which,
under its terms, without designating them specifi-
cally, would admit only the dominant races of this
country—you may call them races if you will—
tothe public schools; and knowing the state of
division that exists in reference to the doctrines
connected with the equality of races, the mo-
ment a bill of that kind is introduced which pro-
poses, by means of appropriations from the Fed-
eral Treasury, to provide for the education of the
white race in this District, at once, (though 110
previous measure of the kind having been inti-
mated, though 110 previous bill had been intro-
duced for the education of the black race that may
happen to bo within this community,) the objec-
tion is introduced by an amendment, that you
shall not carry out tliis system unless you place
the blacks on an equality with the whites. That
was my objection, and it remains still.
I did not argue that it was not proper under any
circumstances to use the powers of Government
for the purpose of educating the black race. I am
ready to discuss that question whenever such a
bill comes up by itself; but 1 see no reason for
connecting the two questions. 1 have heard no
objection made to the propriety of the Government
making appropriations for education in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. We all agree, perhaps, as to
that; but there are differences of opinion as to
whether the Government ought to interpose to
educate a distinct ra'ce, which exists throughout
this Union, sparsely in number in some of the
States wheie they are entitled by law—whatever
it may l>c by custom and usage—to greater privi-
leges than they are in other States, where they
exist in larger numbers. Is it for us to connect
these two questions? Can there bo any good
arising from the connection of them ? Have I no
right to assume, when such an amendment is of-
fered to a bill, right otherwise in itself, that the
object is to raise a political question ? It can bo
only advocated on the ground that, whenever you
legislate in the District of Columbia, or wherever
the Federal power extends, for the benefit and
improvement of the white race, of necessity you
are bound to legislate for the Benefit of the black
race also. Now, I deny that proposition. That
is just what I meant to say; i deny that there is
any such obligation. I do not mean to say, nor
express an opinion, whether it is proper or not
proper to educate the black race at ail. The mode
of education, I am satisfied, ought to be different;
the schools ought to be constructed 011 a different
principle; the extent of education ought to be
limited and precise in its character.
But, apart from that question, the honorable
Senator seems to view my remarks as ifl wanted
to deny protection to an inferior race because it is
inferior. Not so, sir. I am always ready to pass
any law that shall protect any person in his rights
whatever they may be. I believe 111 the inferior-
ity of the negro race, but I should be just as ready
to pass laws for the purpose of guarding against
the tyranny of race as the honorable Senator from
Iowa. The question of whether, if you are ex-
tending the powers of the Government for the pur-
pose of education, you arc bound to extendbeyond
the races for which this Government was consti-
tuted, to an inferior race, instead of leaving them
to their voluntary contributions, or the action of
individuals, is a question of policy. There can
be no obligation to do it. It involves no question
of right. No man has a right to claim that the Gov-
ernment shall educate his children. It is a question
of policy altogether. Therefore, I do not think
that it involves what the honorable Senator from
Iowa seems to suppose the argumentdoes involve,
that we want to deny protection to rights of per-
sons because they belongtoaninferior race. Not
so. Whatever their rights are, I am willing to
protect them in those rights; but I deny that it is
a question of right, ft is a mere question of
whether it is prudent and proper to devote the
funds of the Government for the purpose of edu-
cation in the District of Columbia, and whether,
if it is so prudent and proper, taking the whole
relations of this country, it is also wise, prudent,
and proper, to connect the question of the educa-
tion of the black race with the education of the
white race, when you know what the existing
state of things in this country is, and the diversity
of opinion that exists in reference to it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I want the in-
telligentand Christian people of the United States
to understand what the precise and exact question
before the Senate is. Here is a simple proposi-
tion to appropriate $25,000 for the purposes of
education in the national capital. Here is an
amendment that the free colored population of
this city, amounting to some ten or twelve thou-
sand, shall have Something of the benefits of this
appropriation; and upon this humane and Chris-
tian proposition—a proposition to alleviate and
improve the condition of a despised and degraded
race—Senators on the other side of this Chamber
rise and talk with something of authority about
our pressing the question of the equality of races.
The Senatorfrom Mississippi [Mr. Davis] asks
if he is to sit here and listen to our discussions of
the equality of races. I say to the Senator from
Mississippi now, that so long as he remains in
this Chamber he will listen to these discussions
whenever we choose to engage in them. We are
the proper judges of when to spealc and how we
shall speak.
Sir, this is not a question of the equality of the
races. Whenever we resist the expansion of sla-
very into the free Territories, we have a lecture
about the equality of races. When we propose
the homestead policy for the free men of this
country, we have lectures about our maintaining
the equality of races; and here, upon a simple
proposition to appropriate a small sum of money
to educate two or three thousand poor free colored
children of this District, and thus keep them out
of the poor-house and the penitentiary, we have
lectures about the equality of races. Now, sir, I
have heard quite enough of this. I do not believe
in the mental or the intellectual equality of the
African race with this proud and domineering
white race of ours. I go further, and say, in my
section of the country we do not fear negro equal-
ity. No, sir; wc do not fear it. We do not seize
a black man and handcuff him and sell him, or
deny him the benefits ofeducation, because we fear
his equality. I Kay to Senators on the other sido
of the Chamber, that we give them their freedom,
wo let them be educated, wo let them run freely
the race of life and improve all the faculties that
God has given them, and wc do not fear their equal-
ity. It is not necessary for us to pass a system
of inhuman and barbarous laws to prevent the
colored man from reading God's holy Word be-
cause we fear his equality with us. We do not
believe in this idea of chaining a man, and deny-
ing him the privileges of moral and intellectual
culture, because wc arc afraid the negro is our
equal. Do Senators on the other side of tho
Chamber fear negro equality? If they do, it ex-
plains the philosophy of their system, which de-
nies to the black man tho right to read the ten
commandments and the Lord's prayer.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to call on that Sena-
tor for his authority. When he asserts that the
southern States do not alio w negroes to be educated,
to learn to read the Bible, the Senator is mistaken.
There isno'law in any southern State, so far as I
