I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
36tii Con's. .. .1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Regiment—Mr. Hamilton.
Ho. of Reps.
sentatives from that State—in obedience to the
joint resolution of the Legislature, called on the
Executive of the nation. He urged, as a reason
for not calling out this regiment of volunteers—and
the only reason—that there was no appropriation
made for the purpose: that he had notthe means.
,The Secretary of War urged the same reason. It
has been said here that the Executive has not sanc-
tioned this proposition; and it has been even said
that no officer of the Government or of the Army
can be found to sanction anything of the sort. 1
am very reluctant, Mr. Chairman, to charge, in-
directly, the Secretary of War or the President of
the United States with duplicity in their commu-
nications, whether written or oral, with the Rep-
resentatives of the people of any portion of the
country. 1 stated here that I understood the Pres-
ident, m my communication with him, to say that
he would afford immediate aid if he had the power,
so far as money is concerned, of maintaining this
volunteer regiment.
If he did rfot intend that I should so understand
him, he certainly made observations that were
calculated to produce that impression upon my
mind, and he must have intended to produce that
impression. I know that I did not misunderstand
the Secretary of War. He said that, in his judg-
ment, it was necessary and proper that a regiment
should be called out; that the Department had not
the necessary forcc at their disposal, of a descrip-
tion suitable to give protection to our frontier;
and that wc needed it at as early a day as it could
be raised. He urged the propriety of going before
this House and the Senate and asking for the
amount of money necessary for the accomplish-
ment of this object.
But I call the attention of gentleman to the fact
that the bill does not make it compulsory upon
the President to call out this regiment, unless in
his discretion it may be deemed necessary. It
simply provides the authority, leaving the ques-
tion as to whether the exigency requires the regi-
ment to be raised in the discretion of the President
of the United States. It is the duty of the Presi-
dent to use the military force at his disposal for
the protection of every part of the country need-
ing such protection; ana I take it for granted that
there never was a time, and I trust there never
will be a time, when we have a President whom
we are afraid to trust, when one regiment of troops
are placed at his disposal for the protection of the
people, the civilized people of any portion of this
Confederacy. It may, in the judgment of the
President, not be advisable to call out this regi-
ment. If he deems that more troops tire neces-
sary in Texas, he may not think this is the proper
description of force. Pie may take the same view
of the matter that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] has presented m this House to-day; or
he may be of the opinion, if the regiment is called
out, that they can be employed to better advantage
elsewhere than in Texas, and the regiment may
be ordered to another section of the country, and
other forces employed in Texas. The whole sub-
ject is left in his discretion, as will be seen by
reference to the amendment itself, in which is this
provision:
" That the money he reby appropriated, or any part thereof,
shall not be withdrawn tiom the Treasury unless the Presi-
dent of the United Stales bhall be of opinion that the exi-
gencies of the public service m Texas require the culling
out of the legmient as aloresaid."
The whole thing is left in the hands of the Pres-
ident. All we ask of this House is to adopt this
amendment, upon which the Senate have acted,
placing it in the power of the President, if he be-
lieves, in his deliberate judgment, under the sanc-
tions of his official oath, that the exigencies of the
Texas frontier require that the regiment shall be
raised, to take the necessary steps for calling it
out. With that state of facts, the money may be
drawn out of the Treasury; but not otherwise.
Mr. JUNK1N. Is not the regiment to be placed
under the command of officers to be elected by
themselves ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I will state frankly that
the command of the regiment, in accordance with
the provisions of the bill, is to be vested in an offi-
cer elected by the regiment; but that officer will
be under the control and direction of the War De-
partment as much as any officer of any other reg-
iment of the regular Army. The general officer
of the Army, in command of the military depart-
ment, will have, of course, under the War De-
partment, entire control over the regiment.
A gentleman asks, why not give the money to
the State of Texas and allow them to manage the
matter in their own way ? So far as we are con-
cerned, we should much prefer that course had
been taken. We would ask of the Government
no regiment of Federal troops, if they would fur-
nish us with the means of protecting ours^ves;
but, supposing such a course would meet with
"more opposition than the one pursued by us, and
especially in view of the practice of the Govern-
ment in a former instance, when authority was
given to raise a regiment of mounted volunteers
for the same service, we did not suppose that such
a proposition as the gentleman suggests, simply
to appropriate a sum of money to enable the people
of Texas to suppress Indian hostilities, would be
considered practicable, and therefore wc have made
the request in the shape in which it appears in the
amendment now under consideration.
But, sir, the relief which is proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio would not meet the emer-
gency which is now upon us. I believe the change
in the character of the regular forces of the Army,
which the gentleman proposes, would be a whole-
some and good one, to be made independent of
the immediate wants of the people of Texas; but
to wait for the change to be made, and for the
troops to be trained, would afford us no relief in
our present difficulties.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will make a simple al-
lusion to what has been said as to the Indians who
are committing these hostilities. Gentlemen have
spoken on the subject as if the whole matter had
grown out of the troubles with these reserve Indi-
ans. Why, sir, the Indians who have been and
arc giving us the most trouble, are Indians in no
manner connected with the reserve; and the same
hostilities existed to some extent with these In-
dians before any troubles existed in reference to
the reserve Indians. But few, comparatively, pf
the Indians of Texas have ever been collected in
the reserves. A large portion of the Camanche
tribe have never been collected, and never could
be induced to come under the regulations of the
reservations. They have always been hostile to
Texas from the day when that State had an exist-
ence cither as a national or State government.
They have always, from time to time, opposed
the people of that State, and have committed
depredations upon the frontier. Their hostility
has been in no way connected with the reserve
Indians. Before the removal from their reserve,
those Indians were in the habit of committing dep-
redations upon the people of the frontier, and
they are doing it to-day. It has nothing to do
with troubles growing out of the reserve Indians,
and therefore the argument amounts to nothing,
except to show the ignorance of gentlemen upon
the subject.
It has been correctly remarked, by a gentleman
on my right, that these Indians have never re-
garded Texas as a part of the United States at
all. They learned to regard us as a separate people
during our separate nationality; and they have
continued so to regard us to this day as forming
no part of the United States Government.
And again: the course pursued by the Depart-
ment of the Interior in reference to the Indians,
though not so intended, has been adverse to the
interests of the people of Texas. They get them
together at various trading houses and agencies
beyond the limits of Texas, hold talks with them,
furnish them with guns and ammunition, with
food and clothing; and by these very means they
are enabled to come down and commit their dep-
redations upon our people. And there are still
others, traders, not in any way connected with
the Government with its knowledge , who encour-
age the Indians to commit depredations, and buy
the horses stolen from our people, knowing them
to be stolen—thus driving a lucrative trade upon
the misfortunes, wrongs, and outrages of an inno-
cent people.
I will make one remark in regard to the report
of the Secretary of the Interior, which has been
read from. I do not charge upon that officer any
design to do injustice to the people of Texas;
yet, sir, he has, unwittingly perhaps, done that
very thing. It is easy for a Federal officer to sit
in this capital of the Government and receive in-
formation from his agents, and then, upon their
ex parte showing, write a report which is very-
learned in itself, but which at the same time, may
be extremely ignorant of the true condition offsets
connected with the subject-matter of investigation.
I say that such is the charactervof the report of
Secretary Thompson, when he undertakes to give
the origin and the cause of the difficulty existing
between the reserve Indians and the people of
Texas. If gentlemen will reflect for a moment
they will perceive that the people of that frontier
could have no motive to treat the Indians badly,
but that they had every inducement tov cherish
them and to preserve the Indian reservation. It
furnished them with a market for their produce,
which they had not before. For a time they
drove a lucrative business in selling the products
of their farms, such as wheat and corn, beef,&c.,
to these Indian-agencies. It was gratifying to the
people to have such a market for their producc;
but, sir, when they found that they lost more
than they gained, when their horses were stolen
and their neighbors murdered, they were willing,
at the expense of doing away with the market
thus created for their produce, to get rid of such
troublesome neighbors. The people determined
that they would get rid of them, and they did get
rid of them.
One allusion to the charge that hasbeen'mads
upon those people: I grant that it was not in con-
formity with law that they should have demanded
that those Indftins should be removed. In the
iirstplacc, they demanded that they shouldnotbe
permitted to roam at large under the pretext of
hunting. There was no necessity for their hunt-
ing,because they were furnished with all that they
wanted to cat. It was the policy of the Govern-
ment that they should not be permitted to roam
at large. It was the object of their colonization
to prevent their roaming about, inquest of booty.
It was to prevent the lawlessness they perpetra-
ted upon the people of the settlements. We had
no other means of retaining them. The people
did not go there to kill them. If they had, they
could haye done so, for they had the Indians in
their power. They went to make a demonstra-
tion; a moral one in the first place, but a physical
one if they were driven to it. If their demands
were not granted they determined that they would
take the responsibility and see to it that this thing
should cease. They determined that their prop-
erty should not be taken, and then recovered only
by the payment of money. Not being able to
trust the Indians inside, they were resolved that
they should be mustered outside of the frontier.
When it became apparent that the Government
was taking steps to remove the Indians the people
were patient. They committed no act of violence,
but they staid there for the purpose of watching
the movements of the Indians until such time as
the Government could remove them. You will
see, in the printed correspondence, that that was
their motive for remaining there.
A remark lias been made in regard to the bad
faith of the executive of Texas, Governor Run-
nels, in this connection. I say that no man can
put his finger upon a solitary act of omission or
unfairness on the part of Governor Runnels in
that unpleasant affair. He discharged his duty
fully and faithfully. With a view of know-
ing how to proceed, he appointed a commission
to go and ascertain the true facts of the case—
whether or not the Indians,in the first place, had
committed wrongs upon the whites to justify any-
thing the whites had done; and in the next place,
to ascertain how far the whites had overstepped
the line of their duty. That commission was
not selected with reference to the feeling of its
members in favor of the people upon the frontier
who had been engaged in that trouble, but it was
composed of men selected from the interior of the
State, separated from the frontier and from the
Indians; men of high character and of great intel-
ligence; men who it was known would discharge
their duty in that capacity or any other. They
went out and examined the whole matter. I sup-
pose that their official report is dbntained m the
printed documents now before the court.
It will be there seen that they did not stigma-
tize the action of the frontier people as lawless;
nor did they assert that it had been proven that
