1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2681
the Committee on Claims; and that is one reason
why I wish to explain my position here. It is
true, that, being compelled necessarily to attend
at another committee at the time I understand this
subject was acted on, I was not present, or else I
should have opposed any movementby that com-
mittee to introduce this presentamendment. Here
we have an Army appropriation bill; and I repeat
again, what propriety is there in the Committee
on Claims of the Senate introducing an amend-
ment to that bill to appropriate §1,500,000 on the
claim of either sovereign States or' individuals ?
What is it but a claim? The chairman of the
Committee on Claims tells me that memorials
from States were referred to the Committee on
Claims. Grant it; and the subject was mentioned
several times during the session. Bu.t this mat-
ter, if reported at all, ought to have been reported
by a bill from the committee. But what do we
see now ? The matter is kept back until the very
heel of the session, when the appropriation bills
come in. Then it is, when we have no tune to
examine it, that a long amendment is sprung
upon us here, complex in its character, proposing
to appropriate at least §1,600,000, which 1 venture
to say is not understood by a dozen members of
the Senate, as to the effect it will have. It is not
even printed; but we are asked to vote for this,
and let it be carried through by force of an appro-
priation bill.
This is not the only instance we have witnessed.
Those who have been here longer than I have
have witnessed these things before. Jf measures
of this kind are to be earned through, we shall
have, not only the sovereign States of this Union
in the attitude of mendicants here at the Treasury,
as my friend from Arkansas says, but we shall
have other claimants sticking on their, amend-
ments of this kind to the appropriation bills; and
where they have influence enough they will get
them put on and dragged through Ihe two Houses
of Congress by means of the appropriation bills,
which we all know it is necessary and proper
should be passed. Why was not this matter re-
Foited by a bill, so that we could investigate it?
t has been here two sessions. I confess that I
know nothing about the merits of the claim. I
am unwilling to have it sprung on me now; and
as for voting it because gentlemen tell me it is
just and proper that we ought to put the other
States on an equality with Maryland, I am un-
willing to see a claim of this kind reported by the
Committee on Claims and put on the Army ap-
propriation bill, because, as far as 1 can see, there
is no sort of analogy between the subjects, and no
sort of propriety in having this matter acted on in
this bill.
Sir, there is a very good reason for this. It is
that the Army appropriation bill may carry this
thing through. It is a rider put on for that pur-
pose. If this claim had merits of its own, why
was it not brought forward in the way other prop-
ositions are brought forward, as my friend from
Missouri says, by a bill—a printed bill—so that
we could oil examine and see for ourselves what
it amounted to.
But, sir, 1 can see the influences at work all
around this Hall. I see gentlemen rising and in-
sisting on its justice, all of whose States, i believe,
are interested in it. Some are sitting around, it
is true, silent, but watchful; and with my friend
from Arkansas, 1 believe it is perfectly idle to
oppose this measure; but I simply rose for the
purpose of explaining my position and washing
my hands of it, having been one of the Committee
on Claims. I wish to clear my skirts of the whole
mutter, not that I undertake to pronounce here
now that the thing is wrong, improper, or unjust
in uself; but I undertake to say that we are voting
m the daik, and that there is no propriety what-
ever, in my humble opinion, in tacking on this
measure to the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I feel bound to defend the
Committee on Claims from the imputations which
the Senator from North Carolina seems to have
cast upon it. He rather considers that the Com-
mittee on Claims had some sinister purpose m
bringing forward this amendment; and he wants
to wash his hands of all blame. If the Senator
was not present at the time the committee acted
ou this question, it was his fault, and not the
fault of the committee.
Mr. BRAGG. I have explained that I was
called to meet with another committee. I am in
the habit of attending to my duties.
Mr. IVERSON. The committee is notbound
to wait upon the Senator from North Carolina on
every question that may be presented to it. This
question was presented to the committee, not by
the action of the committee, but by the action of
the Senate. The Senate sent these memorials to
the Committee on Claims, and the Committee on
Claims were bound to act on them. It is not a
new matter for the Committee on Claims to take
jurisdiction of this case. It took jurisdiction two
years ago, and took jurisdiction at the last ses-
sion. It has been uniformly presented to the
Committee on Claims, and it is the appropriate
committee to act on it, notwithstanding the dic-
tum of the Senator from North Carolina to the
contrary. It is a claim for money presented by
the States to Congress; and every clarm for money
is properly carried, and ought to be carried, to the
Committee on Claims. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Davis] has so stated, and has taken
cases out of the Committee on Military Affairs
and referred them to the Committee on Claims,
at this session, because they were money claims,
although they were officers of the Army who
were interested. That is the general principle on
which he acted, and it is a principle on which all
the Senate has acted.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to express my gratifica-
tion at the announcement of this principle. I dis-
like very much to have to do with these money
claims, and I shall now know where to send them
hereafter. I am sorry the Senator has sent some
back to me.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs might very properly have taken jurisdic-
tion of this ease, inasmuch as it was for refund-
ing back advances made for military purposes. I
can explain to the Senator from North Carolina
and to the Senate why this question has been
delayed to this time of the session. Upon every
question of this sort, it has been put upon an ap-
propriation bill. The provision made in 1857, in
behalf of Maryland, was put on an appropriation
bill, and theic was no objection then made to it
on that ground. Two years ago, this was put on
the miscellaneous appropriation bill by a solemn
vote of the Senate. Who ever objected to it5
Then it came from the Committee on Claims; but
nobody thought of branding the Committee on
Claims with blame, because they acted m obedi-
ence to the order of the Senate, and brought for-
ward this proposition when the question yas re-
ferred to them by an order of the Senate. It was
brought forward by the Committee on Claims at
the lastsession on an appropriation bill—this very
S bill—the Army appropriation bill. A point of
order was made as to whether it was in order, on
the ground that it was a private claim; and on a
solemn vote of the Senate by yeas and nays, the
Chair was sustained m the derision that the amend-
ment was m order. This is the action of the Com-
mittee on Claims,and I deny that the Committee
on Claims are to blame for this transaction.
Sir, so far as my own State is concerned, has
she any interest*' An interest, of $30,000 at most.
1 do not know that she l rally has any interest at
all. My own opinion is, that when the provisions
of the amendment are applied to that State, she
will get nothing; but she does not care anything
about, the $30,000 repoited. Sir, the State of
Georgia is the richest State in this Union. I do
not mean to say that, she has more wealth; but com-
paratively, she is the richest State in the Union.
She does not owe §2,000,000, and she own a rail-
road which brings her m now, clear of all the ex-
penses of keeping the road in repair, over $40,000
monthly, or $500,000 a year. In five yeais from
this time, that State will not call on her citizcns
to pay one dollar of taxation, her railroad will
pay all the expenses of her government, and will
leave a surplus. She floes not come here begging;
she asks simply for justice. So far as anything
is due to her for advances which she made for the
common benefit, she asks the Government to do
her justice, to refund back the money, be it little
| or great; and I do not understand from the Sena-
j tor from North Carolina, or anybody else, that
there is any injustice m this claim. No, sir, that
is not the ground of objection. It is that this is
a large amount, and Senators do not want to put
their hands in their pockets, and pay a debt which
every principle of honor and of justice demands
of them to pay. That is-tlie secret of the oppo-
sition. - , ,
Mr. GRIMES. I desire simply to say that I
am unwilling that it should be inferred, from my
vote on this amendment, that I h&ve arrived at
any mature judgment as to the merits of this claim.
I have heard of it this afternoon, for the first time
in my life. The amendment has been accompa-
nied with no report; I have not been able to make
any investigation of it; and I shall consequently
vote against it; but not because I am prepared to
say that it is unjust, and ought not to foe adopted,
out because it seems to me that it would be no
hardship to these States to wait another year, un-
til Senators can better inform themselves.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the true principle in pay-
ing the debts incurred by the States in defending
their own or a neighboring border, is to pay them
the amount which they have actually expended.
If they have obtained money by paying interest,
then the interest which they have paid is fairly a
portion of the debt; but I do not believe we are
bound to go on accumulating interest, and least
of nil to adopt such vague language as " interest
lost by a State." A statesman, now deceased,
once said in the Senate Chamber, that an indi-
vidual lost, by any event, all which but for that
event he would have gained.
• Mr. IVERSON. The Senator will allow me
to say simply, that the language of the amend-
ment is not44 where States have lost interest, "but
where they have lost it by thetransferof aninter-
est-bcaring fund. Read the amendment, and you
will see.
Mr. DAVIS. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment merely ap-
plies the provisions of the twelfth section of the
act of 1857. I have not that before me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then let the
amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I was not going into the merits
of the case, because I knew somebody would
want to explain if I should happen to say any-
thing that would injure the amendment, and the
explanations would take more time than I wish
to tax the Senate with. I merely desire to call
attention to the fact that we have, for years past,
been paying claims coming in from the new States,
with which a comparison has been made, and we
have never paid any interest to them; and if you
are entering, not only into the payment of inter-
est, but a new computation of interest, you will
havenotmerely a computation for the war .of 1812,
but an endless series; you will have not only the
computation of the accounting officers in the cases
presented by the chairman of the Committee on
Claims, but m every other case where either State
or Territory has expended money in her own de-
fense, she will be calling on the other States not
merely to refund the gross sum, but the accruing
interest upon it, and that interest accumulating, as
suggested by the Senator from New York, up to
the date of payment. I shall vote against it.
Mr. POLK. In that connection, 1 wish to add,
as explanatory of a reference I made to a claim
that had been presented by the State of Missouri,
that that bill has passed the House, and, as passed
by the House, it expressly excludes interest, and
pays back to Missouri only the cash that Mis-
souri advanced in 1836. That House bill has
been reported to the Senate from the Committee
on Military Affairs, in the same shape, I believe,
and no interest in that case was allowed. I ad-
vertise Senators that, if interest in this case is to
go, and especially m this shape, not only Mis-
souri, but all the other new States, where they
have made expenditures of the same kind, will be
entitled to interest also.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to one matter that I do
not believe they have noticed in connection with
this amendment. It includes a provision for the
payment of ^1,600,000 now, as is admitted; but
it also establishes a law which is to last hereafter.
In the first part of the amendment, it goes on to
speak of debts that are due and have been paid,
and provides for the payment of interest now upon
them where previous settlements have been made;
but it then goes on to apply to all cases that may
hereafter occur, so that it is a law thai is to stand
obligatory hereafter on the subject of interest, to
