1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
granted to the militia, of the war of 1812, and of
the war with Mexico, and the widows of those
who have died, or may hereafter die; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George R.
Barrett, praying the payment of a balance due
him for revising and codifying the revenue laws
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Claims.
He also presented the petition of Samuel S.
Burton, praying to be allowed the amount due
him for pay and rations as a musician in the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Texas, praying the establishment of a
port of entry at Sabine Pass in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of the
Common Council of the city of Detroit, praying
that steamers may be employed, instead of sailing
vessels, for the protection of the revenue on the
lakes; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Sheldon Johnson and others, praying that pen-
sions be allowed to the militia of the war of 1812,
and to the widows ofthose who have died, or may
hereafter die; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate, in
relation to the compensation of W. A. Gorman, as special
commissioner to investigate charges against A. Ramsey,
late superintendent of Indian affairs in Minnesota, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian AfFaiis.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Frances M. Green and Hen-
rietta L. Green, children of the late Lieutenant Colonel
John Green, of the Army, praying to be allowed a pension,
on the files of the Senate, be refeired to the Committee on
Pensions.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate rela-
tive to the claim of John I\ Brown, principal interpieterof
the Turkish language to the United States legation at Con-
stantinople, for additional compensation for diplomatic and
judicial services performed by him, at various intervals,
during the years 1838, 1839,1852, and 1854, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relatwns.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 119) for
the relief of A. M. Mitchell, late colonel of Ohio
volunteers in the Mexican war; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
oil Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. HAUN asked, and by unanimous conscnt
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 121) for
the extension of the preemption privileges in the
State of California; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HAUN gave noticc of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in California,"passed March 3,1851, and
for other purposes.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 33)
to modify the sea-service pay of pursers in the
Navy, reported it without amendment.
Ho also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the report of the Court of
Claims on the claim of David Myerlc, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 118) for
the relief of David Mycrle. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Santiago E. Argucllo,
captain in the California battalion, praying remu-
neration for losses sustained by him during the
war with Mexico, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of San-
tiago E. Arguello. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to he printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. G7)
granting a pension to Mrs. Mac.omb, widow of
General Alexander Macomb, reported it without
amendment, and submitted an adverse report.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Leonard
Grant, master of the brig Plumas, praying re-
muneration for losses occasioned 'by the loss of
said brig, in consequence of the discontinuance
by the Government of one of the lights at Cape
Elizabeth, without giving public notice, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
William Wallace, of Illinois, a soldier in the war
of 1812, praying an increase of pension, submit-
ted a report, accompanicd by a bill (S. No. 120)
for the relief of William Wallace, of Illinois. The
bill was read, and passed toasecopd reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of H. L. Gal-
lahcr, praying that his claim for work done upon
the Washington aqueduct may be settled upon
principles of justice and equity, submitted an
adverse report.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Nancy
M.Gunsally, formerly widowotLyman M. Rich-
mond, praying for the renewal of her pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
124) for the relief of Nancy M. Gunsally. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Elizabeth Spear,
widow of Thomas Williams, praying to be al-
lowed a p'ension, reported a bill (S. No. 123) for
the relief of Elizabeth Spear; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr.IVERSON,from theCommittee onClaims,
to whom was referred the petition of Adolphus
Glaevecke, for indemnity for mules, mares, and
horses, illegally seized at Brownsville, m October,
1851, by the United States marshal, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Court of Claims; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William H. DeGroot,
praying indemnity for losses sustained under his
contract with Captain Meigs to furnish brick for
the Washington aqueduct, in consequence of the
failure of the Government to piovide the means of
carrying on the work, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Court of Claims?; which was agreed to.
He olso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims j
for the relief of John Peebles, with the opinion of •
the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill ;
(S. No. 125) for the relief of John Peebles, with- j
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed [
to a second reading. !
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims :
for the relief of Michael Nourso, with the opinion i
of the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 126) for the relief of Michael Nourse, with- 1
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading. ,
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom :
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims ,
for the relief of John Robb, with the opinion of '
the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 127) for the relief of John Robb, without
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a j
second reading. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred a bill from the Court of Claims for the I
relief of Moses Noble, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S. j
No. 128) for the relief of Moses Noble, without i
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred a bill from the Court of Claims for j
the relief of Asbury Dickins, with the opinion !
of the court in favor of the claim, reported the ,
bill (S. No. 129) for the relief of Asbury Dick- '
ins, without amendment. The bill was read,and |
passed to a second reading. :
He also,from the same committee, to whom was 1
referred the bill from the Court of Claims for the ,
relief of Richard Fitzpatrick, with the opinion of
the court in favor of the claim, reported, the bill
(S. No. 130) for the ^lief of Richard Fitzpatrick,
without amendment. The bill was read,' and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the Court of Claims for the
relief of Charner T. Scaife, administrator of Gil-
bert Stalker, with the opinion of the Court in. fer-
vor of the claim, reported the bill (S. No* 131)
for the relief of Charner T. Scaife, administrator
of Gilbert Stalker, without amendment. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill from the Court of Claims for the
relief of John Ericsson, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S.
No. 132) for the relief of John Ericsson, without
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a
sccond reading.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
Nason and others, legal representatives of John
Lord, praying to be allowed his pay as a mariner
on board the Ranger during the revolutionary war,
have directed me to report the case back to the
Senate, and ask that they be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator from Georgia on what grounds that case
is to be sent from the Committee on Claims?
Mr. IVERSON. Becausc it is a case growing
out of the Revolution. The Ranger was captured
during the Revolution, at Charleston, and these
services were rendered during the revolutionary
struggle. The Committee on Revolutionary
Claims have had the case heretofore under consid-
eration, and it was presumed by the Committee
on Claims that they understood the principles in-
volved in the case better than the Committee on
Claims, as they had investigated it, and probably
had precedents on which to decide it. Therefore,
I was instructed to make this report. I think the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims is clearly the
appropriate committee for the consideration of the
case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
it is exactly in order for me to oppose this mo-
tion from the Committee on Claims, but there is
one very good reason why I should be opposed
to it. It has been before the Committee on Claims
at two previous Congresses, and favorable reports
have been made upon it, and the bill has passed
this body twicc. The report from the Committee
on Claims was made, I think, by the chairman,
who now makes this motion, or by some other
gentleman of that committee; and I see no reason
why action upon it should be delayed, to send it
for another investigation to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims. The claim is not for military
services; if I recollect aright, it is for services per-
Tormed on board a vessel about that period. The
objection I have is, that if it is sent to another
committee, it must necessarily produce the delay
of another examination. All the facts are in the
papers submitted to the committee; and all the
papers being before that committee, and it being
a claim, I do not see why it is not properly and
appropriately before them, and I see no reason
why, under such circumstances, it should be sent
to a fresh committee to investigate it anew, when
the same gentlemen who compose the Committee
on Claims now, or a majority of them, are those
who unanimously reported in favor of it at the
very last Congress. *
{ wish to interpose no objection that I ought
not to interpose, either on the ground of the ordi-
nary course of proceeding or otherwise in the
Senate; but I do object to the delay that must be
consequent on sending the case to a new com-
mittee, to be taken up at the foot of that commit-
tee's calendar, which already has a great many
other claims, and examined there. It is a very
trifling matter. The Committee on Claims allowed
only about three hundred dollars, if I recollect
aright. There is no question about the propriety
of it; and if it is got on the Calendar as early as
it would come from the Committee on Claims,
which has already investigated it, we can have
action on it in season to send it to the other House
in the hope that it may be passed. I hope, there-
fore, in this instance, as it is certainly a matter
rather of form than of substance, it may remain
with the committee where it was originally sent.
