THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
I think the committee can have no feeling about
it.' It cannot cost them any labor, because the
labor has already been bestowed at previous meet-
ings of that committee at the last Congress and
the preceding Congress. I presented the papers,
and know all about them.
Mr. ■ IVERSON. I think the Senator from
Maine is somewhat mistaken in relation to the
fact he alleges of the Committee on Claims having
reported on the case at the last Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. IVERSON. My impression is, the com-
mittee had the case under consideration; but I do
not remember that we made a report on it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A bill was reported, and
passed by the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. Whether that is so or not,
it does not alter the case; it is clearly a claim
which ought to be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims. If this is not a case proper
for their investigation, I shouldlike to know what
case is proper for them. It is a ease growing out
of revolutionary services. It is a demand for pay
or bountymoney as amariner onboard the Ranger,
during the revolutionary war. It is clearly a case
for the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. It
is a revolutionary claim. It is not an ordinary
claim, in the ordinary acceptation of the term, to
be referred to the Committee on Claims. It is
talcing from the proper committee jurisdiction of
this case and giving it to a committee to which it
does not pertain. I ask the Senate to remember
that it is the habit of Senators here to burden the
Committee on Claims with everything they oan
possibly push upon it. We have three or four
hundred cases now under consideration when the
Revolutionary Committee probably have not half
a dozen, and yet the Senator from Maine will in-
sist that this case shall be sent to the Committee
on Claims, with this mass of business before
it, and relieve the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims from its consideration, when they proba-
bly have not half a dozen cases to consider. I
want to know if it is fair, if it is just, to burden
the Committee on Claims with every case because
it happens to come here in the shape of a claim.
I think the Senate ought to hare some considera-
tion for a portion of its servants at least. The
Committee on Claims have quite as much as they
can attend to, to take charge of those cases which
appropriately belong to them, and we ought not
to be burdened with cases which belong properly
to other committees. I insist that my motion
shall he adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say, then, to this
moving appeal from the Senator from Georgia, in
relation to the vast labors of his committee, that
I will not insist on burdening it with this case;
but I must be permitted to remark, that I can
hardly conceive how this will add much to the
labors of that committee when the committee has
nlrcady examined the case at a previous Congress,
and reported unanimously upon it. Its own re-
port in writing is already made, and there is not
a paper to be examined or anything to be looked
at. which has not been looked at before. But,
sir, if it is adding in so distressing a degree to the
labors of that committee, I withdraw my objec-
tion to this motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg leave to say, to the
Senator from Maine, that the present committee
is altogether differently constituted from the com-
mittee of the last session. We have now seven
members on it There are four new members on
the committeo who must necessarily investigate
alt cases for themselves; and, therefore, this whole
investigation must be gone over again, and al-
though this petition asks for a small amount, it
involves important principles.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the ground on which
H is put by the Senator, I withdraw my objec-
tion. J
The motion to discharge the Committee on
Claims from the further consideration of the case,
and refer it to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, was agreed to.
CAPTAIN MEIOS'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS. I .offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed five hundred copies of
the annual report of Captain Meigs, upon the Washington
Aqueduct, the Capitol extension, new dome, and Post
Office extension, for the use of that officer.
There has been 110 request made by the Setre- '
tary of War for the printing of the documents
accompanying his report, as has been made by
the heads of the other Departments; consequently,
it fell out, when provision was made for printing
the reports of officers in charge- of works under
the other Departments, none was made in this
case; and, while provision was made for printing
five hundred copies of the report of the officers in
charge of the finished portion of the aqueduct,
none was made for the officer who constructed
the work, who had laid down the pipes, of which
another had charge. This is to provide for that
omission, and I hope it will receive the approba-
tion of the Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PACIFIC «RAILRO AD.
Mr. 'WIGFALL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 122) to establish a communication by
railroad and telegraph between the Atlantic States
and California, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. GWIN. I move that that bill be printed.
It is on a subjectof importance, and, inasmuch as
the introduction of this bill may have an influence
on the discussion of the question, I shall not to-
day call up the bill I introduced some time since;
but at an early day after this bill is printed, I shall
ask the Senate to consider the whole subject. I
move that it be printed and go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed, without a motion. Is there a motion to
refer it to any committee?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir. I move that it go on
the Calendar.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. It will go there, of
course, if 110 motion be made to refer it.
ORGANIZATION OP THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. P. Barry
Hayes, its chief Clerk:
Mr. President,! am directed to inform the Sen-
ate that a quorum of the House of Representa-
tives has assembled; that William Pevnikgto\t,
one of the Representatives from the State of New
Jersey, has been chosen Speaker; and that the
House is leady to proceed to business.
The House of Representatives has passed an
order for the appointment of a committee on its
part, to join such committee as may be appointed by
the Senate, to wait on the, President of the United
States, and inform him that a quorum of each
House has assembled, and that Congress is ready
to receive any communication he may bo pleased
to make; and has appointed Mr. Grow of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Miles of South Carolina, and Mr.
Etheridge of Tennessee, the committee on its
part.
Mr. SEIDELL, from the committee appointed
on the first day of the session to join such com-
mittee as may be appointed by the House of Rep-
resentatives to waitonthe Presidentof the United
States and inform him that a quorum of each
House has assembled, and that Congress is ready
to receive any communication he may be pleased
to make, at a late hour of the day reported that
the committee had performed the duty assigned
them, and that the President roplied that he had
no communication to make at this time.
JIATLS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post
Roads be msuuetcd to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a semi-weekly mail from St. Joseph, in the State of
Missouri, to Placerville, m the State of California.
SEAMEN'S PROTECTIONS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he directed
to considcrthe expediency of additional legislation, in order
to pievent tin: abuse of the documents known as 14 protec-
tion V now issued to seamen in the commercial marine of
the United States. *
NEGOTIATIONS WTTII CHINA.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if in his judgment
not incompatible with the publig interest, copies of the
instructions to and dispatches from the iate and present
Ministers in China, down to the period of the exchange of
certifications of the treaty of Tientsin ; and also, copies of
the instructions from the Department of State, of February,
1857, to Mr. Parker, former Commissioner in China.
MAILS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HEMPHILL submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sult, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing for the establishment of a semi-weekly mail between
New Orleans and El Paso, Texas, via Sau Antonio, which
shall give New Orleans a semi-weekly overland mail to and
from San Francisco, within twenty days' time for the
transit.
PRINTING 01? TESTIMONY.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the testimony taken by the Coui t of Claims
in the case of A. Hustin be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. IVERSON. Before that motion is put, I
beg leave to make a brief explanation to the Sen-
ate in relation to the matter. Having been con-
sulted by the Senator from Texas on the subject,
I suggested to him this course. The applicant in
this case went before the Court of Claims and
presented his case, and the Court of Claims having
made a decision against it, he has called upon the
Committee on Claims, to whom the papers were
referred, and asked that he might be permitted to
print the testimony in the case at his own ex-
pense. I stated to him that it would be setting a
bad precedent to ai'.ow any private individual, a
party interested, to take the original testimony
obtained by the Court of Claims out of the pos-
session of the Senate or its organized committee,
and put it in his individual hands. It might be
interpolated, it might be suppressed, it might be
badly mutilated, or some difficulty might occur;
and, therefore, it was unsafe to let any such pa-
pers go into the hands of a private individual.
But I said, also, that I thought the Senate would
not hesitate, on the motion of any Senator, to
print at its own expense, by the public Printer,
the testimony in the case, for the enlightenment
of the Senate. That is the object of this resolu-
tion.
Mr. BROWN. I Infer that this testimony is
very voluminous 
Mr. IVERSON. Not very.
Mr. BROWN. I can see that this is furnishing
a new precedent, and I must say that I am op-
posed to it. I do not know where it is to end.
Mr. IVERSON. It is not exactly publishing
the testimony for a private individual. The case
has to be adjudicated by the Senate. It will come
u p for consideration at some time, probably during
the present session. Whether the decision of the
Court of Claims shall stand as the judgment of
the Senate or be reversed, will be the question.
It is proper, m all cases, that Senators who desire
to investigate these claims, should examine the
testimony. The testimony in the case, as reported
by the Court of Claims, has never been printed,
except as much of it as has been incorporated
into the decision of the court; but, at the same
time, there is a large mass of testimony which
the Committee on Claims has not recommended
to be printed, and therefore it is not put in such
a shape that Senators can examine it with facility.
It is m manuscript and on file, and is not accessi-
ble of course to more than a few Senators. It
would be very difficult for all Senatojs to look
into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except by unani-
mous consent, the resolution must go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BROWN. "Let it take that direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to the Committee on Printing.
TAY OF THE NAYY.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to move to take up
a bill simply for the purpose of making it a spe-
cial order. I move to take up the bill (S. No. 32)
to increase and regulate the pay of the Navy, with
a view to make it the special order for Monday
next, at one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN". I do not desire to interpose any
objection to the passage of that bill, but I do not
want to see special orders made here of any bills
until we take up the Calendar.
