1860. *
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
Mr. MALLORY. I would not stand in the way
of any bill in which the honorable Senator has
special interest. I know this bill will give rise* to
very little discussion, and unless it pass at a very
early day, it will be" of no use to the Navy.
Mr. GWIN. My only objection is, that if it
Frevents the taking up of the bills on the Calendar,
shall be opposed to making this or any other
bill a special order; and I hope it will not be in the
way of a very important bill on the Calendar—the
Pacific railroad bill.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was made the special order for Monday
next, at one o'clock.
BANK ISSUES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to take up the bill and
the resolution reported from the special commit-
tee appointed to inquire into the banks of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the purpose of making them
the special order of the day for Tuesday of next
week.
The motion to takti up the bill and resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now move that they be
made the special order of the day for Tuesday of
next week.
The motion was agreed to.-
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1) making
appropriations to defray the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1859, and in part for the support of thePost
Office Department for the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 18G0; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and, on
motion of Mr. Gwin, was referred to the Commit-
tee of! Finance.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been notified that the ex-
President of Bolivia is outside of the Chamber;
and I have been requested by a gentleman who
once represented us in that country, to ask that
he be admitted on the floor of the Senate, if it be
agreeable to Senators. [" Certainly."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
iiick.) The Chair hears no objection to that mo-
tion. It is agreed to; and the gentleman will be
admitted to the Senate Chamber.
VETO OF THE ST. CliAIll FLATS BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the message of the President of the
United States, assigning liis reasons for not ap-
proving a bill entitled "An act making an appro-
priation for deepening the channel over the St.
Clair (lata, in the State of Michigan," passed at
the last session of Congress, was ordered to be
printed last Thursday evening.
Mr. BROWN. I see that we are within a min-
ute or two of the hour when the special order will
come up; and if it will suit the purpose of the Sen-
ator, I move that tile further consideration of the
special order be postponed for half an hour, within
which-time, I understand, the Senator will have
concluded Ins remarks. I desire it to be under-
stood that, if the Senator has not concluded his
remarks at half past one o'clock, ho will be al-
lowed to go on without interruption until he does
conclude.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I thank the Senator
from Mississippi for his courtesy, and I shall
occupy but a few minutes. I regret, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I was not present when this message
was read; for there are several serious mistakes
in it which I should have been glad to have cor-
rected at the time. I therefore take the earliest
opportunity that is offered me to allude to the
mistakes in this message. But, sir, there is some-
thing in it more grave than a mistake. There are
serious charges brought against the Senate and
the Congress of the Ignited States, or at least im-
putations of deceit, in this message. I will read
a passage from the President's message:
" The obvious remedy for this was to deepen a channel
through these flats by dredging, so as to enable vessels
which could navigate the lake and the river, to pass through
this intermediate channel. This object had been already
accomplished by previous appropriations, but without my
knowledge when the bih was presented to me."
If this object had been accomplished before this
bill had passed the Senate, hero is an imputation
of an intended fraud upon the President of the
United States by Congress. Again he says:
" No complaint had been made, previous to the passage
of the bill, of obstructions to the commerce and navigation
across the St. Clair flats. What, then, was the object of
the appropriation proposed by the bill?"
If these allegations or imputations of the Presi-
dent be correct, then somebody is guilty of hav-
ing, either through unwarrantable ignorance, or
through willful misrepresentation, imposed upon
the Senate and Congress of the United States, and
of having attempted to impose upon the President.
If any person is liable to that imputation, it is
myself; because I had the honor to introduce the
bill, and, with all the feeble ability which I possess,
to urge its passage; and it was passed. 1 assume
that responsibility, and I say, if these imputations
be correct, I am liable to them; but if they be not
correct, ihe President of the United States is liable
to the same imputations, cither o'f gross and un-
warrantable ignorance, or the other alternative
which I named. I meet that issue; and I propose
to examine and see whether these be facts or fic-
tions.
It is hardly necessary for me to go into an ex-
amination of the question as to the channel across
the St. Clair flats. No Senator, who has occupied
a seat upon this floor for any time during the last
twenty years, has failed to be informed on this
subjecj.. It is well known, sir, that two miles from
the mouth of the St. Clair river is an embank-
ment, called the St. Clair flats, where the main
channel of the St. Clair river takes a long bend
around the flats in the shape of an ox-bow, of
some seven miles ill length, requiring wind from
every point of the compass to carry a vessel
through this circuitous channel; while, by cutting
a channel of six thousand feet through this em-
bankment, a straight channel would be afforded
to commerce, capable of accommodating the en-
tire commerce of the lakes. In 1856, the Con-
gress of the United States passed a law making
an appropriation of §45,000 for cutting this chan-
nel. That bill passed both Houses of Congress,
and was vetoed by Mr. Pierce, then Presidentof
the United States. The bill was returned to Con-
gress with his objections, and was then passed
over the presidential veto by the constitutional
majority, more than two thirds of the Senators
then present voting for it. In this body the vote
was—yeas 28, nays 8.
Those who voted in the affirmative, to pass this
bill ovej the presidential veto, were:
" Messrs. Bell of New Hampshiie, Bell ofTcnnessee, Ben-
jamin, Bright, Cass, Collamei, Cuttenden, Dodge, Douglas,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gever, Hale, James,
Johnson, Juries of Iowa, i'eaice, Piatt, Pugli, Sebastian,
Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Trum-
bull, and Wade."
Those who voted in the negative were:
"Messrs. Biggs, Brodtiead, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Hunter,
Reid, Toombs, and Yulee."
The bill became a law by receiving the votes of
more than two thirds of the members of this body
and of the other House of Congress, notwith-
standing the veto of President Pierce. It was
never supposed for one single moment that that
appropriation of $45,000 would suffice for digging
that channel. The lowest estimate that I ever
heard made of tile cost of that work was $100,000.
At the urgent solicitation, certainly of myself,
and I think of my illustrious predecessor, and cer-
tainly of the entire navigating interests of the lake,
the Government engineer, instead of completing;
a portion of the work and making it perfect so far
as he went, ran his channel the whole length of
six thousand feet, thus enabling vessels of a light
draught to pass over the channel. The original
plan for that channel was to make a cut of one
hundred and fifty feet wide at the bottom, three
hundred feet wide at the top, and twelve feet deep
at low water. In the expenditure of the $45,000.
appropriated in 1856, a channel has been cut—and
I believe the message alludes to that—two hun-
dred and seventy-five feet wide at the top, one
hundred and fifty feet wide at the bottom, and
about nine feet deep at low water. At the first
session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and at an
early day, I introduced a bill for completing this
work as originally intended. That bill was passed
by both Houses, but was not returned by .the
present Executive. He has given us in this mes-
sage his reasons for not signing it.
I will here state that the commerce passing
over these flats, including the hulls, exceeds
six hundred million dollars per annum. I have
frequently counted from fiftj to one hundred sail
of vessels passing up that river at once, and ap 
proaching this long tortuous channel; but I will
allude to that directly.
The President, in the course of his message,
says that a very small tonnage duty would pay
for completing this work. That is true; for the
whole appropriation that I asked to complete the
work and render it permanent is less tnan one
mill on the dollar of the annual commerce pass-
ing over these flats. One tenth of one per cent,
on the annual commerce passing over the St.
Clair flats will complete the work and render it
permanent. The tribute that would be necessary
to be levied, if it could be levied, is indeed ex-
tremely small; but I shall come to that again,
and I procced now to examine some mistakes into
which the President of the United States has
fallen in writing this message. I believe that the
President has referred this matter to some person
for examination, who either has not given it that
examination that he was bound to do, or who has
imposed upon the President in his statement of
facts. We all know that it is utterly impossible
for the President of the United States to exam-
ine personally into every case that comes before
him. He therefore lias undoubtedly referred this
to some person for examination, and has been
deceived by that person, whoever he may be. I
proceed briefly to point out some of the mistakes
into which the President has been led in writing
this message. Ho says:
" Since the termination of the last Congress I have made
a thorough investigation of the questions involved in the
bill to deepen the channel over the St. Clair flats, and now
proceed to express the opinions which I have formed upon
the subject.
" And first, even if this had been a mere question of
expediency, it was, to say the least, extiemely doubtful
whether the bill ought to have been approved; because the
object which Congress intended to accomplish by the ap-
propiration winch it contains of §55,000, had been already
rubstantiaily accomplished. I do not mean to allege that
the work had been completed in the best manner; bat it
was suffiAent for all practical purposes."
In that regard, the President of the United"States
has been led into a misapprehension of the facts.
It is well known to all who are acquainted with
the western lakes, that they rise ana fall with al-
most the regularity of the tides—taking years,
I think two years is the usual time for vibrating.
For example: the entire surface of these great in-
land seas was two feet deeper in H^58 and '1859,
than it was in 1857. Consequently, through the
act of God, and the act of God only, this channel,
for part of the past season,has been available for
the purposes of navigation. But it is likewise
well known that the surface of these lakes changes
in the same year. It is higher in July than in No-
vember; and, in point of fact, in the month of
November last, the channel was not sufficient,and
vessels grounded in the center of it. I say it was
available for the greater portion of the last year,
from Ihe simple fact that the waters of the lakes
were higher then than they have ever been known
to be for the last twenty-six years, which is the
time during which I have been personally ac-
quainted with the state of the water. I think they
were higher last year than they have been for
more than a century. The height of the water
has covered large fields. Thousands of acres of
fields that have heretofore been cultivated, are
now submergedunder this excessive rise of water.
But, sir, it is perfectly well known, that that water
will fell; and, in all probability, the process of
falling lias already commenced. Itlias never been
known to be as high as during the year 1859. It
seldom remains at one stage more than one or two
years; and it lias become an absolute certainty,
that your channel will be insufficient and imprac-
ticable ill the coming year of 1860. Therefore, I
say that the President has been led into a misappre-
hensioiLon this point. He might, with equal pro- ■
priety, say that because a largo vessel can float
into the New York harbor, at flood tide, therefore
the harbor of New York is sufficiently deep, al-
though you have not six feet of water atiow tide.
The regularity with which these changes take
place ill the Takes is almost equal to the ebb and
flow of the tide. Again he says:
" It appears that the surface of the water in Lake St.
Clair has been gradually rising, until, in it had at-
tained an elevation of four feet above what had been its
level in 1841. It is inferred-whether correctly or not, n
