1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
poses, and the expenses thereof, transmitting a
report from the Sccrctary of the Treasury con-
taming the desired information; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
EXPENSES OF LAND OFFICES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, submitting, pursuant to
the seventh scction of the act of 18th August,
1856, an estimate far certain expenses for district
land offices; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
AFFAIRS IN OREGON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
War Department, transmitting correspondence
with General Harney touching affairs in Oregon;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and it will detain the House but a moment.
It was referred by this House to the Committee
of Elections to determine whether the Territory
of Minnesota is entitled to a Delegate upon this
floor. The Committee of Elections lack inform-
ation, and they have directed me to report the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its adoption:
Whereas it is claimcd that that portion of the Tcrritop'
of Minnesota not included in the State of Minnesota still
remains a Territory, and the residents thereof entitled to
have a Delegate £n the House of Representatives*
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to this House, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, all such information as he may possess in leference
to the existence of any sneh Territory.
Mr. GARTRELL. If I understand the pre-
amble, it states that the Territory of Minnesota
is entitled to a Delegate.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Oh no; it is only claimed
that the Territory is entitled to a Delegate.
Mr. GILMER. The Committee of Elections
want information as to what is the state of things
there.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I understand
the preamble, there is a distinct and substantive
assertion that that portion of Minnesota not with-
in the State boundaries is an organized Terri-
tory.
Mr. GILMER. The preamble only states that
it is so claimed.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the preamble will be
rejected. The resolution is sufficient.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the pre-
amble may be read once more.
The preamble was again read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is 110 ob-
jection.
The resolution was then agreed to.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The House proceeded to take from the Speak-
er's table the following Senate bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, and referred
as indicated below:
An act (No. 209) for the" relief of Thomas Al-
len—to the Committee of Claims.
• Jdint resolution (No. 24) for the compensation
of Rev. R. R. Richards, late chaplain to the Uni-
ted States penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill makes an appro-
priation of only $300, I believe, for the payment
of this minister for the discharge of his duties at
the penitentiary. The case has been before the
Committee for'the District of Columbia, and has
been favorably passed upon; but ithas been hang-
ing fire here for some time. I believe there was
no difference of opinion on the subject between
the two Committees for the District of Columbia
at the last and this session. I ask to have it put
upon its passage.
Mr. ELIOT. I object.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
An act (No. 148) concerning courts in the Ter-
ritories—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (No. 229) for the relief of Angelina C.
Bowman, widow of Francis L. Bowman, late
captain in the United States Army—to the Com-
mittee 011 Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 256) for the relief of Thomas L.
Disharoon, of St..Louis county, Missouri—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 295) for the relief of "William B.
Shu brick—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 373) for the relief of William P.
Bowhay—to the Committee of Claims.
A11 act (No. 375) to extend the provisions of an
act approved March 3, 1851, entitled "An act to
limit the liabilities of ship-owners, and for other
purposes," to the lakes—to the Cpmrriittee on
Commerce. ^
A resolution (No. 1™ for the relief of Lieuten-
ant John C. Carter—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A resolution (No. 51) for the relief of James
Maccaboy—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 87) for the relief of Lee Deathfr-
agc and John Deatherage, or their legal represent-
atives—to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 98) for the relief of Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph W. Cannon, late a
midshipman in the United States Navy—to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 113) for the relief of Eli W. Goff
—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 119) for the relief of A.M. Mitch-
ell, late colonel of Ohio volunteers in the Mexican
war—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act (No. 120) for the relief of William
Wallace, of Illinois—to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
An act (No. 123) for the relief of Elizabeth
Spear—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 124) for the relief of Nancy M.
Gunsally—to the Committee 0111 nvalid Pensions.
An act (No. 12G) for the relief of Michael
Noursc—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 127) for the relief of John Robb—
to the Committee of Claims.  
An act (No. 129) for the relief of Asbury Dick-
ins—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 130) for the relief of Richard Fitz-
patrick—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 134) for the relief of James Smith
—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 135) for the relief of Cornelius
Boyle, administrator of John Boyle, deceased—
to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 143) for the relief of Francis Hiitt-
man—to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 144) for the relief of Jeremiah Pen-
dcrgast, of the District of Columbia—to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 145) for the relief of Otway H.
Berryman—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 151) for the relief of Ebenezer
Riclcer—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 154) for the relief of Randall Pegg
—to the Committee on Patents.
An act (No. 169) for the relief of Elijah R.
Merrill—to the Committee of Claims,
An act (No. 170) for the relief of H. H. How-
ard—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 174) for the relief of William
Money—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 175) forthe relief ofGeorge Phelps
—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 176) for the relief of R-.W. Clarke
—to the Committee of Claims.
Mr.MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
who objected to the motion which I made a short
time since has withdrawn his objection; and I
hope the House will now consent to take up and
put upon its passage the bill which I reported
from the Committee on Roads and Canals for the
benefit of the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object, until we have got
through with the Senate bills on the Speaker's
table. I will then agree to it.
An act (No. 177) for the relief of John R.
Noursc and others—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 182) forthe relief of Nicholas Un-
derhill—to the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 183) for the relief of Cornelius
Hughes—-to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 184) for the relief of Rebecca A.
Correll—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 185) for the relief of Mrs. Ann P.
Derrick, widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased—to
the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 186) for th'e relief of Mills Judson,
surety on the official bond of the late Purser An-
drew D. Crosby—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
An act (No. 187) for the relief-of Henry G.
Carson, administrator of Curtis Grubb, deceased'
—to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims..
An act (No. 189) for the relief of Franklin
Peale—to the Committee of Claims..
An act (No. 191) to provide for the quieting of
certain land titles in the late disputed territory in
the State of.Maine, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 195) for the relief of the legal rep--
resentatives of James Bell, deceased—to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act (No. 198) for the relief of F. M. Gun-
ncll , p'assed assistant surgeon in the Navy—to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act (No. 206) for the relief of Emilie G.
Jones, executrix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased,
and Nancy M. Johnson, administratrix of Wal-
ter R. Johnson, deceased—to the Committee of
Claims.
An act (No. 207) for the relief of James L.
Edwards, administrator of R. Thomas Gedney,
deceased—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 210) for the relief of Augustus H.
Evans—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (No. 172) concerning the courts of the
United States in the district of Arkansas—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act (No: 345) for the relief of Mary Wak
bach, widow of the late Brevet Brigadier General
John De B. Walbach, United States Army—to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 346) for the relief of Joseph Pat-,
tee—to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 378) to relinquish the title of the
United States to certain lands occupied by thecity
of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana—to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
An act (No. 387) forthe relief of certain actual
settlers on lands granted to the State of Arkansas
for railroad purposes—to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
A resolution (No. 27) authorizing a settlement
of the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late commis-i
sioner of the United States to run and mark the
boundary line between the United States and Mex-
ico, and for other purposes—to the Committee of
Claims.
An act (No. 82) to amend the fourth section of
the act for the admission of Oregon into the Union,
so as to extend the time for selecting salt springs
and contiguous lands in Oregon—to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
An act (tfo. 188) foi the relief of the surviving
grandchildren of Colonel William Thompson, of
the revolutionary army of South Carolina—to
the Committee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave now to report,
from the Committee on Roads and Canals, with
a view of putting it upon its passage, resolution
S. No. 6, authorizing the enlargement of, and the
construction of a branch to, the Louisville and
Portland canal.
The joint resolution was read.'
Mr. MALLORY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the passage of the resolution. I do "not
think that any explanation of its purpose is called,
for from me. I will not, therefore, trespass on
the time of the House, but will call the previous
question upon it.
Mr. BRANCH. I am not familiar with the
principle involved in this resolution. I would
rather that the gentleman from Kentucky should
explain it.
Mr. MALLORY. I can explain it in a mo-
mcnt-or two.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I object to the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to suspend the rules,
so that the resolution may be acted on.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not in order. The resolution can only be
considered now by unanimous consent.
Mr. MALLORY. I then ask the unanimous
consent of the House to consider it.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 appeal to gentlemen to let
the resolution come before the House. If they
do not see proper to vote for it, they will have an
opportunity of voting against it. It certainly does
not require any extraordinary consideration. Let
