1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up
renew it, and save me the trouble of gettin
every time to renew the point.
Mr. LANE. If that is the condition on which
I get the floor 
Mr. PDGH. "Well, [ will not make any con-
dition on my friend. I will take that much trouble
to myself.
Mr. LANE. This case is the plainest one I
have ever examined. I have examined no case
that has stronger claims on Congress than this.
In 1854 and 1855 the acting Governor, Governor
Mcsservey, of the Territory of New Mexico,
found it necessary, for the protection of the set-
tlers, to call out the volunteers—the militia—and
did so for three and for six months. A portion
of the companies served six months, and a portion
three months. The twelfth section of the act of
1857, which has been read, provided for paying
the expenses of bringing these troops into service,
but did not provide for paying them their nine
dollars a month. They rendered the service, and
the Secretary of War is satisfied that they per-
formed their duty for the length of time that they
are returned as having served; and the pay-roll,
made out by the Paymaster General, is on the desk,
showing that a portion of these companies served
six months, and a portion served three months.
The expense of bringing them into the field has
been pnid; and the question now is, shall these
men be paid for services rendered at the very price
the regular soldier receives. The Secretary of
War calls the attention of Congress to this mat-
ter in his annual report, in words that 1 will read:
" There are laige claims before the Government for pay
alleged to he due lo volunteer troops, called out at various
times and different places, for the suppression of Indian
hostilities. It is a duty alike to the claimants and the Gov-
ernment that these claims should be settled by payment,
when they arc just, and a final rejection when they are
not. The action of Congress is necessary before such an
adjustment can take place."
This is one of the claims that has not only been
recognized by law, but the expense of bringing
the troops into the field has been paid under the
law. The Governor procured money sufficient to
pay for the expense of bringing the troops into
the field, and this Government recognized the
amount of money advanced by the Governor on
account of these troops, and paid that amount;
but that did not cover the services of the men.
Under that law, the Paymaster General has made
out the rolls, showing the amount due each com-
pany, and the length of time each company was
in the service. That amount is due, anil f think
everybody will say it ought to be paid. It is true
that the committee, as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has stated, did not at their last meeting,
by a vote, direct this amendment to be offered;
but subsequently, the members of the committee
—a majority of them—gave, not only their eon-
sent, but advised that the amendment should be
offered to this bill, as the thing was so manifestly
right and just that further delay would be very
wrong tn these people.
Mr. GRIMES. Why has it not been passed
before? It is six years ago since the services were
rendered.
Mr. LANE. I leave it to the chairman of the
committee to answer that.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the indebted-
ness to the troops was not at first presented. I
think the only case at the time pressed on the
attention of the Government was the indebted-
ness which had been incurred by the Governor:
but the question of the pay and allowances of the
volunteers was not at that time, as I recollect,
presented. That it has gone over from year to
year arises from the simple fact that there has
been nobody to press it on the attention of Con-
gress, beyond the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of War. My colleague on the committee,
from Massachusetts, says now, as they have
waited so long, they can wait longer. I suppose
that has been an argument for deferring, the whole
time. I do not know of any other reason.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I think there is
#but one more amendment to be offered.
. Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion; but I hope debate is ended. Let us vole.
Mr. LANE. I shall not debate this matter. I
will s.iy only that I have not been in the Senate
long; dud if I had been here sooner—as I know
very well how Territories suffer, and the very
slim chance they have on this floor—I think I
should have pressed this matter before 1 have
been now instructed by the committee to offer the
amendment, and I hope the Senate will agree to it.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK. I am very well aware
oftheimpatience oftheSenate,and I am notgoing
to detain them. I examined this claim with great
care when it was presented to the committee, and
I am satisfied that it is just, and ought to be paid.
The original documents which the Senator from
Oregon sent to the desk, would, I am sure, satisfy
the Senate thatthis is a debt which must ultimately
be paid; and it is one that the Senate would sanc-
tion now, if the facts were more understood. The
history of this amendment is, that it was taken
up in committee just at our adjournment at the
last meeting, for wo were not aware that the bill
would be taken up so soon, and hence we did not
examine the matter thoroughly with a view to
offer it as an amendment. We were satisfied of
its propriety. It stands exactly on the same foot-
ing with the Texas claim that has been sanctioned
by the Senate, with this solitary exception: that
the State of Texas has paid the debt; the Terri-
tory of New Mexico has not paid the debt; but
the Government has recognized the legality of the
call of the troops, and the Secretary of War has
recommended the payment of the money. It
comes within all the requirements usually thought
necessary in regard to the payment of debts of
this kind. Whether it be paid now or not, it is
a claim that appeals to the just sense of Congress;
one tlvat Congress must, and ultimately will, pro-
vide for. My statement in regard to the indorse-
ment of the claim, and the recognition of the
legality of the service by the Secretary of War,
is borne out by the facts. 1 think the allowance
is just, and should be made.
Mr. HUNTER. Has the Chair dccided the
point of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdrew his point of order.
Mr. PUGH. I merely withdrew it to hear one
or two Senators who desired to speak.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Oregon has
stated that he offered the amendment on the au-
thority of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. But the committee have no right
to report a private claim as an amendment to an
appropriation bill. I do not understand it to be
moved by a committee at all, though it is moved
by a majority of the members; it is not the act
of the committee. To that, however, I do not
object. If a majority say it is the act of the com-
mittee, very well. This certainly has not been
proposed from a committee; but even if it were,
the second clause of the rule is just as peremp-
tory. No committee has a right to add a private
claim to an appropriation bill. This is a propo-
sition to enlaige an existing law, not to carry it
into effect, to extend a law now upon the statute-
book to another class of cases. That is not
within the rule. You might as well bring up
twenty rases on the Private Calendar, which are
merely extending the principle of some law to a
case not embraced by it. We shall never get
through with this bill, or any other appropriation
bill, if we depart from the rule of the Senate.
Therefore, while I shall submit to any ruling of
the Chair, adverse to me, I must insist upon the
pointof order. It is my judgment that the amend-
ment is out of ordei.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
very clearly of opinion that this is a private claim,
and therefore inadmissible as an amendment to
this bill, unless it be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law or treaty stipulation. No such
law, no such treaty stipulation has been pointed
out. The Chair knows of none. The Chair,
therefore, is of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. LANE. It is to carry out the stipulations
of an existing law, a law recognizing these ser-
vices and providing for paying them. It only
wants an appropriation now to carry out the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Oregon appeal from the decision of the
Chair ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will sub-
mit to the decision of the Chair, and let us finish
up the bill. If we debate everything in this way,
we shall never get through.
Mr. LANE. I beg to explain to the Cluur that
I intended no disrespect; but 1 supposed the Chair
had not hoard the law read. I will not, however,
appeal from the decision; but I will offer another
amendment that I think is in order:
For surveys of sites for defenses at or near the entrance "
of the Columbia river, and for surveys of sites for de-
fenses inside of Cape Flattery, and for commencing worjes,
$100,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that from a cominittee ?
Mr. LANE. It is from a member of the Mili-
tary Committee-
Mr. HUNTER. But not from a committee, I
raise the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand thatthis is an amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, or of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs?
Mr. LANE. This is an amendment for mili-
tary purposes; and it is very necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that, if it comes from the Senator from
Oregon alone, it is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have an
amendment to offer 
Mr. POLK. If the Senator from Arkansas will
allow me, I desire, if the Senator from Oregon
does not, to take an appeal from the decision on
the amendment as to troops called out in New
Mexico.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Of course I
will give way for that. The Senator from Ore-
gon had the sanction of the Military Comimttee
to that proposition, and I believe itwas in order.
I think such propositions have before been de-
cided to be in order.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the Chair has
fallen into an error in deciding that to be a private
claim in the sense of the rule. The amendment
provides for the payment of troops called into the
employment of the Government, the public ser-
vice. It is a public debt. Ifthisisa private claim,
the rule has been violated uniformly ever since I
have been in the Senate. The Chair will dis-
cover that it is radically different from the case of
an individual, who has not been in the public ser-
vice, seeking some allowance. In this case, these
services were put inrcquisitionby the constituted
authorities of the Territory; and this amendment
provides for paying a public debt, due to men who
were called in to the public service. It is aprovision
to pay for the employment of troops, and that is
very different from a private claim,according to
the meaning ofthe rule. I have never seen the ques-
tion made on a proposition of this character be-
fore, and I think the Chair, on reviewing the whole
matter, will see that there is a great distinction
between the claim of an individual, who is simply
seeking compensation from the Government, and
a claim for public service, estimated for by the
Secretary of War, and reported by a committee.
When you come to analyze it, it is a claim that
has accrued to a large numbcrof individuals, who
have been called into the public service of the
country, and have performed public duty, and were
authorized by the authorities of the country. I
think it is clearly admissible within the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question to the Senate. The Chair de-
cided the first amendment moved by the Senator
from Oregon to be out of order. From that decis-
ion an appeal has been taken. The question is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as tho
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to have the
decision itself stated distinctly. What did the
Chair decide, from which an appeal is taken ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon offered an amendment, making an
appropriation of $74,009 to pay certain troops for
service in New Mexico. The Chair decided that
it was a private claim, and, under the rule, not
admissible as an amendment to this bill. From
that decision of the Chair the Senator from Mis-
souri takes an appeal; and the question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is apparent now
that we are not to get through with this bill.
[" Oh, yes."]
Mr. HUNTER. There is but one other amend-
ment.
Mi'- TRUMBULL. We have sat nearly seven
hours.
Mr. HUNTER. We shall have it all to go
