670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
is not for me to say—that the surface of the water may
gradually sink to the level of 1841; and, in that event, the
Water which was, when the bill passed, thirteen feet and a
fialf deep in the Channel, might sink to nine feet and a half,
and thus obstruct the
Here the plain language is, that since 1841 there
has been a gradual increase of the water upon the
lakes until, after seventeen years, in 1858, it has
attained a point four feet higher than it was in
1841; whereas, in point of fact, it has been higher
and, lower year after year from that day to the
present; and, instead of having risen by that grad-
ual process, it was actually two feet higher in 1859
than it was in 1857. Why, sir, when I first in-
troduced a bill making an appropriation to com-
plete this work, the water was two feet lower than
it was at the very moment of his vetoing this bill.
I say, as I said before, that the object of the ap-
propriation which I asked, and which Congress
voted, was to cut a channel twelve feet deep in
low water, and as deep as it might be in high
water. Afterwards it was recommended to cut it
two feet deeper, giving a channel of fourteen feet,
instead of twelve, at low water. This, covering
but a small increased expense, met the cordial
cooperation and support of all men enaged in
western commerce, and was finally adopted in
that bill.
But the President says again:
" The present clianncl is from twelve to fifteen and a
half feet in depth.'5
And therefore he says the average depth of this
channel is thirteen and a half feet. Now, I should
like to It now how, when you have three thousand
feet of channel twelve feet, and the other three
thousand feet fifteen and'a half feet, you are to
get a vessel across it that draws thirteen and a
half feet. There is an average depth "there of
thirteen and a half feet, as the President alleges;
but the actual depth of the channel to-day is only
twelve feet, and has been but twelve feet. It has
been impossible to pass vessels over it drawing
more than twelve feet; and yet thejPresident has
been led to believe that there is an average depth
of thirteen and a half feet of water. Sir, the per-
son who perpetrated that fraud on the President
should' be brought to condign punishment. The
facts are as he states; the channel is from twelve
to fifteen and a half feet dec)), butitis only twelve
feet deep in some places;' and any vessel drawing
over twelve feet cannot pass through that channel
to-day, or even drawing as much as twelve feet;
for it is lower to-day than it was during the
months of July and August last, when these re-
ports were made.
I say that, from 1841 to 1858, perpetual changes
have been going on in the waters of the lakes.
One year the water has been two feet higher, and
another two feet lower. One year you might per-
haps use this channel, and the next year you
could not use it at all. The channel is not, in
fact, as deep, by three feet, as the intention was
to cut it when the work was com: Sliced; and it
was by the personal solicitation of persons doing
business on those lakes that the engineer of the
work was induced to cut a channel through as
deep as the appropriation would carry it, and
trust to Congress to make a future appropriation
to complete the work.
Again, the President says;
" rt ivas not alleged that any present necessity existed for
this narrower cut m the bottom of thc.present channel."
It was alleged that a <£ present necessity '' ex-
isted, and a "present necessity" did actually
exist at the time that biTl was first introduced.
The water was not deep enough to float the com-
merce of the lakes, ana the "present necessity "
then existed. True, by the providence of God, it
was afterwards temporarily remedied, just as a
similar defect would be temporarily remedied by
the rise o? the tide on the Atlantic coast. But he
says;
" Captain Whipple's estimate amounted to .-'.">0.000 ; but
- c°nSres?> the bill, have granted $.~>j,000. " Now. if no t
other objection existed against this measuie, it \wmld not i
seem necessary that the appropriation should have been
made lor tile purpose indicated."
Here he has again been led into an error. The
actual estimates for completing the work were
$54,037. It will be within the recollection of some
Senators upon this floor, that I asked that the
amount of $54,037 be placed upon the civil appro-
priation bill at the first session of the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, and that it was actually placed upon
that bill by a vote of the Senate. I asked that,
too, it will be recollected by Senators on this floor,
from the. estimates which I held in my own hand,
to wit: a letter from the Secretary of War, giving
the estimates of the engineer of the work; so that
the discrepancy of $963 is not so great after all.
That I do not deem to have been a sufficient rea-
son for withholding bis signature from that bill.
It was not §50,000, as he here states, which was
asked by the official estimate; but it was $54,037.
Now, sir, I will tell you why I made the amount
$55,000, instead of $54,037. That $54,037 calcu-
lation was based upon proceeding right forward
with the work without interruption, and I took
the liberty of adding $963, knowing that not one
penny could be paid except under the direction of
the Secretary of War and the engineers employed
by him; and whether it should exceed the amount
required to complete the work by $963 or $9,000,
the excess would remain in the Treasury of the
United States. I say that it was no good reason
for withholding his signature from the bill, be-
cause there was a little discrepancy, $963; for you
know, as well as I, that carrying away your
dredges and your boats, discontinuing a work,
and then recommencing it, adds very materially
to the expense of completing that work. If any-
body is guilty of a fraud it is myself, and I assign
the reason; but I deny that either the President,
or Congress, or anybody else, has been deceived
in this matter; it is not true in point of fact. He
says further:
" After an improvement has been onee constructed by
appiopriations from the Treasury, it is no't too much to ex-
pect that it should be kept in repair by that portion of the
commercial and navigating interests which enioy its pecu-
liar benefits."
I have shown that the work never was com-
pleted , and, therefore, that that portion of the mes-
sage has no application. The work was never
half completed; but, accidentally, it became usa-
ble, and usable for a single year.
I pass over the constitutional argument of the.
President of the United States in this veto mes-
sage; for I am no lawyer—and I thank God for it,
if it leads to such inferences as I find in this con-
stitutional argument of the President of the United
States. He says that Congress has no power to
create commerce. Who proposes to create com-
merce ? I show you a commerce existing of more
than six hundred million dollars a year, and I ask
you to appropriate $54,037 to make a course for
that commerce to float through. Who talks about
creating a commerce ? Sir, if this were placed upon
the war-making power alone, as a national work,
it would recommend itself to every national man;
for you may go into a war with any nation on the
face of the earth,and three fourths of all your sup-
plies must float over this channel, through the St.
Clair flats. Your vessels of war upon the lakes
are daily floating over that channel; and if there
is any work which is national, and truly national,
it is the channel over the St. Clair flats. Why,
sir, the President of the United States would try
to make you believe that this channel is for the
State of Michigan. 1 will read what he says on
that point 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The hour has arrived for taking up
the special order.
Mr. BROWN. When 1 submitted my motion
to postpone the special order, it was with the un-
derstanding that, if the Senator had not concluded
by half past one o'clock, he could go on, without
displacing the special order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not understand that. The Senator from Michi-
gan will proceed, then.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said I would omit the
President's constitutional argument, as I am not
a lawyer. I will leave that to those who are more
capable of dissecting it. _ The President says,
after completing his constitutional argument:
'• Thus a clear constitutional mode exists by which the
•Legislature of Michigan mav, in its discretion, laise money
to preserve the channel of the St. Clan liver at its present
depth, or to render it deeper. A very insignificant tonnage
duty on American vessels using this channel would be
sufficient tor the purpose. And as the St. Clair river is the
boundary line between the United States and Upper Can-
ada, the provincial Briti&h authorities would doubtless be
willing to impose a similar tonnage duty on British vessels
to aid in the accomplishment of this object. Indeed, the
Legislature of that province have already evinced their in-
terest on this subject, by having but recently expended
$20,000 on the improvement of the St. Clair flats."
I admit that this is true, and I admit it with
shame. The Canadian Government has expended
$20,000 upon the channel across the St. Clair flats.
That channel is, every inch of it, on American
soil; it is an American channel; and this act shows
the solicitude of the Canadian Government for the
protection of her little commerce on those lakes.
If the United States were to be equally as liberal
in their appropriations for this work, they would
appropriate to-day $1,000,000, Instead of $55,000,
as is asked. The commerce on these lakes, the
President of the United States here says, is of
equal interest to Canada as to the United States!
I say that Canada has not two per cent, of the
commerce that passes over this channel; and yet
she, with her accustomed liberality to her com-
merce, has appropriated $20,000 towards deepen-
ing a channel wholly upon our own soil.
Sir, has it come to this, that Michigan and
Canada are to make treaties of confederation, to
levy tribute upon the commerce of these United
States, because it happens to pass by our shores?
Why, sir, there is not one in ten of the vessels
that pass over this channel, that ever touches at
any port in the State of Michigan or in Canada.
You may pass laws to levy tribute on the com-
merce passing over these flats, but there is only
one way to do it: you have to do it at the mouth
of the cannon; you must have guns to enforce
that tribute, as it was at Elsineur with the Danish
Sound duos, that we have just paid hundreds of
thousands of dollars to abolish. You can collect
that tribute, but you must do it under guns. Now
what does the President of the United States pro-
pose to do ? Does he propose to furnish us with
two or three vessels of war to collect that tribute?
If he does, he had better cut the channel, because
it will not cost him one dollar to do that, where it
will cost ten to support liis vessels of war. But
does he propose to give Michigan and Canada,
unitedly, the power to levy that tribute? If he
does, the expenses of the Governments of both
Canada and Michigan, if they had unlimited
power, might easily be collected, and they could
support vessels of war, or any other armament
I that you saw fit to enable them to keep up. Sir,
1 the proposition is an absurdity on its face. Michi-
gan and Canada entering info a treaty to collcct
tribute of the commerce passing over the St. Clair
flats! I will not answer such a proposition.
Again, the President says:
" Even if the Constitution of the United States had con-
ferred upon Congress the power of deepening the channel
of the St. Clair river, it would be unjust to impose upon
the people of the United States the entire burden, which
oughtto be borne jointly by the two parties having an equal
interest in the work."
These two parties are called Canada and Mich-
igan:
" Whenever the State of Michigan bhall cease to depend
on the Treasury of the United States, I doubt not that =he,
in conjunction with Upper Canada, will provide the neces-
sary means lor keeping this work in repaii in the least ex-
pensive and most effective manner, and without bein? bur-
densome to any interest."
Sir, I consider that remark insulting to the State
of Michigan. The State of Michigan a depend-
ant on the Treasury of the United States! The
State of Michigan has no such dependence. The
interests of the State of Michigan to-day are not
subserved by the creation of this work. Prior to
1858, it required twenty steamboats to tow the
vesselsaround through thecliannel of the St.Clair
flats, and all those steamboats were dependent to
a greater or less extent upon the State of Michi-
gan for their supplies; and the profits oT their
work to a great degree went into the pockets of
our people. Again, the State of Michigan has
three parallel railroads running from lake to lake,
through the thickly settled portions of her terri-
tory, every one of which terminates below the St.
Clair flats; consequently, the interests of the State
; of Michigan are far less in this work than thoso
; ofalmostany other State usingthe channel. New
\ ork has ten times the interest that Michigan has.
Ohio has more than five times the interest Mich-
igan has. Illinois has a vastly greater interest
and even Indiana has a greater interest than lias'
Michigan in this work. Wisconsin lias three
tlmef. 'he interest. Even Iowa, or Pennsylvania,
or Minnesota, has a greater interest than Mich-
igan in it. The New England States are inter-
ested m it, for across this channel comes the great
bulk of their provisions. The South is interested
in it, for the cotton and tobacco of Missouri float
in vast quantities over this channel. Sir, if there
is any national work anywhere, a work that ap-
peals to this Government for its construction upon
