1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2635
the committee, and I think it ought to be received.
Consequently, with every deference to the Chair,
I must appeal from his decision; and I hope the
Senate will sustain the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 21, noes 17.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall not ask
for the yeas and nays; gentlemen have such a del-
icacy about voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The1 decision
of the Chair stands as the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I have an amendment to pro-
pose as an additional section:
And be it further enaded, That the sum of $30,000 be, and
is hereby, appropriated tor tin; purpose of furnishing public
quarters lor the u*c of officer of the Asiny btatfonod at
the extreme frontier positions within and on'tho borders of
the Indian territories of the United States, under the dnec-
tiori of the War Department.
Mr.HUNTER.. Does that come from any
committee?
Mr. POWELL. It does not.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it is not in order. I
raise that question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
glad to inquire, if coming from a committee makes
anything m order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the rule,
certain things offered by a committee are in order,
which are not in order if offered by a private Sen-
ator.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. But nothing
offered by a private Senator can be in order. Is
that it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not say that that is the rule. The Chair, how-
ever, thinks this amendment is not in order unless
it comes from a committee.
Mr. POWELL. Does the Chair decide the
amendment to be out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks so, unless it comes from a committee oris
estimated for by the head of a Department.
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us finish the bill. I be-
lieve wc are through with the amendments.
The Senate refused to adjourn*
The bill was reported to th«i Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thn question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Air. PEARCE. I ask that the vote be taken
on all the amendments in a body, unless some
Senator desires to have some particular amend-
ment accepted.
Mr. LANE. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment in lclation to the signal officer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall have a
separate vote on the question of raising a regi-
ment for Texas, and also upon the appropriation
for the T\f\v Mexican militia.
Mr. IVERSON. I think I shall renew the
amendment which I offered in committee, and
have it voted on in the Senate. I prefer, how-
ever, that the Senate should now adjourn. ["Oh,
no."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No amend-
ment can be received until the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole shall have been
acted upon. The Chair h is heard three amend-
ments suggested to be taken out of the list, and
he will put the question on concurring in the res-
idue of the amendments altogether, unless some
Senator desires a separate question on any of
them.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take the ques-
tion on t he amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon has excepted one amendment, and
the Senatorfrom Illinois two. These three amend-
ments will be excepted from the whole number,
and the question will be taken on concurring in
th° residue of the amendments, if there be no ob-
jection.
The question was puttand all the other amend-
ments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now i« in regard to the excepted amendments.
T'ie first ot "these is to strike out of the bill the
following clause:
And that iheie be added to the staff of the Army one sig-
nal o^iessr, wnli the rank, pay, and allowances of a major
of cavalry, who shall have eharpre, under the direction of
the Secretary of War, of all signal dutv, and of ail books
papers, and apparatus connected therewith.
Thc^uestion is on concurring in the amend-
ment of the Committee of the Whole, to strike out
these words.
The amendment was non-concurred in; there
being, on a division—ayes 13, noes 25.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next ex-
cepted amendment is to add to the bill:
For the suppoit of one regiment of Texas mounted vol-
unteers, authorized by the act approved April 7, 1858,
$788,392 03.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an important
amendment, appropriating nearly a million dol-
lars for the support of a regiment of men; and I
ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. MASON. I tlunk it is manifest now that
the Senate is too thin to vote on these amend-
ments; and I move, therefore, to postpone the
further consideration of the bill, with a view to
go into executive session for a few minutes only.
["No'" "No!"]
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 21.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
concurring in the amendment, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 18, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Brown, Davis,
Pitch, Fitzpatriek, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Lane,
Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sebastian, Skdell, and Toombs—23.
NAYS— Messis. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark.
Doohttle, Durkee, Fessemlcn, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Haloj
Ilarlan, King, Pearce, Simmons, Ten Eyck,Tiumbuil,and
Wilkinson—18.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next ex-
cepted amendment is to add, as an additional sec-
tion:
And be it fwither cnactcd, That the twelAh section of the
act of the 3d of March, 1857, be extended so as to embrace
the pay ptopei and allowances of the militia of New Mex-
ico tlieiem named: Piovided, They shall receive no greater
pay and allowances than weie given to officers and soldiers
of equal grade at that period in the United Slates &ervice,
and that the amount hereby appropriated -hall not exceed
the sum of .$74,009.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I am opposed to the
amendment, perhaps it is not for me to amend it;
but I observe that it refers to the twelfth section
of some act without designating it. I presume
there are a good many acts passed on the 3d of
March. It refers to no chapter, and to no act by
its title. However, thatis for those who proposed
the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I suggest that the title of the act
he inserted. The date is there.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I see, on looking at the
amendment, that " chapter one hundred and six"
was originally there, and it has been rubbed out
m some way. I move, after " 1857," to insert,
" chapter one hundred and six."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it be
objected to, the amendment will be so amended.
The Chair hears no objection. The question is
on concurring in the amendment as modified.
Mr. FITZPATRICK called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg. Brown, Davis,
Fitch, Fitzpatiick, Green, Gwin, Hemphill, Ivcrson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham,
Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Rice Saul&bury, Siidell, and
Toombs—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Doohtth\ Durkee. Fes^ridcn, Foot, Fu-ter, Grimes, Ilal^,
Ilaiian, Hunter, King, Pearce, Push. Simmons, Ten Eyok,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I have one amendment that I
want to add to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I raise a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. HALE. You had better hear what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I want to raise
the point in time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will be unable to decide the question of order until
the amendment is read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Hale, which is, to add to the end of the bill, as
a new section:
And be it further cnactcd, That the pay and allowances
of no officer of the Army, except the Lieutenant General,
shall exceed the sum ot $5,000 per annum.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is a pri-
vate claim, sir. It relates to the an>ount of money
to be received by individuals in the service of the
Government, It is a private claim. Whether you
approach the subject in their favor or against
them, it is still a private claim; and I raise the
question of order. The Senator has not procured
the recommendation of any committee, or the au-
thority of any Department; and therefore I think
it is objectionable, and I raise the question of
order.
TWie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to another point of or-
der.' It is, that this amendment was not offered
in Committee of the Whole, and therefore cannot
be offered in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that when a bill is before the Senate,
if it has passed through the Committee of the
Whole, it is still open to amendment as in com-
mittee. «
Mr. LANE. It will be recollected that I offered
one amendment,providing fora reconnoissance of
the coast of Oregon, with a view to the construc-
tion of fortifications; and on the fact being made
known to the Chair that it was not proposed by
a committee, it was ruled out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It contained an
appropriation of money.
Mr. LANE. This amendment changes exist-
ing laws, and it has not been considered in com-
mittee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope my friend from Ore-
gon will let us vote on it. I think we shall vote
it down at once. We cannot legislate in this way
on the appropriation bills.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is still
another objection to it in point of order, and that
is, that it is general legislation on an appropria-
tion bill. That is always considered to be incon-
sistent; and I trust that the same single-hearted
zeal for the public service which killed ofF my
poor friend Waldo will preserve intact the bill
that is before ns, and keep outgeneral legislation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend from Ar-
kansas will make no such objection. It never
means anything but this: that you do not like
what is proposed to be done. That is all that op-
position to general legislation on the appropria-
tion bills means—that you do not like the thing
itself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am entirely
in favor of this proposition, if I know myself. I
was only asking the Senate to preserve the bill.
1 assure the Senator from Georgia that he is mis-
taken if he supposes that I am opposed to cutting
down these officers to a reasonable compensation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I was not applying the remark
to the Senator; but I was referring to the general
rule. When gentlemen talk of opposing legisla-
tion on appropriation bills, it means that they do
not intend to come to the scratch; and I rather
think it is out of order myself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I mn willing
to see the proposition passed, because, if I per-
ceive what is going on on the other side, they do
not intend to do what they seem to propose.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, Mr. President, that
probably this amendment is offered without *in
exact appreciation of its effect. There are certain
allowances to officers wliHi are not emoluments,
but which are given to them for the performance
of a particular duty, such as the ten cents a mile
for travel. The Senator from New Hampshire,
familiar with the pay-roll of the Navy, probably
assimilates the Army to it, and falls into a great
mistake. There they get the same allowance for
travel; but it is not annually reported, as it is in
the case of the officers of the Army. So thercare
allowances for fuel and quarters; and an allow-
ance for forage, which covers only about one half
what the officer has to pay in very many of the
stables. If all these arc to be taken into the ac-
count of the word " allowances," it would be
anything else than equitable; because one year an
officer may travel very extensively, always, how-
ever, under orders, and then he gets ten cents a
mile for every mile he travels; and another year
he may not travel at all. This is one of the causes
