1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
the Territory was organized, whether he has re-
cognized it, or whether he has not.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that this is an im-
portant question, and that it ought to be settled
either by the Committee of Elections or, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] by the Committee on the Judiciary, so
that for ourselves we may determine the law of
, the case. I have an opinion; but I cannot now
undertake to prejudge the case.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Alabama
will allow me, I will say a word as to the facts.
"When the State of Minnesota was admitted into
the Union, organized counties under the territo-
rial government of Minnesota were divided, leav-
ing portions within the limits of the now State,
and portions without those limits. Since that time
the people in those portions of counties outside of
the State limits have gone on under a kind of
provisional government, claiming, however, to act
under the old territorial organization. I suppose
this resolution merely calls upon the President as
to whether he has any official information of the
provisional government there; and, if so, as to the
manner in, which it has been carried on. I un-
derstand that the people there occupy the same
situation now, so far as thair government is con-
cerned, that they did at the admission of the State
of Minnesota.
Mr. HOUSTON. I remember that I was not
inclined to prejudge this case, and that I was not
disposed even to state the opinion on the law of
the case that I entertain. I have no objection to
the President beingrequested to inform this House
whether he has recognized a Territory of Daco-
tah. I do not object to a eall being made upon
the President for all the information he may have
with reference to the existence of a territorial gov-
ernment there. Yet, sir, I believe that the call
would amount to nothing. I believe that it would
be superfluous, for I cannot perceive, I repeat,
how it would have any influence or bearing upon
the minds of members of this House, so far as
regards the adjudication of the legal point in-
volved. Let me make the strongest possible case.
Even if the President has 'recognized the Terri-
tory, and appointed a Governor and judges for it,
and secured for it all the paraphernalia of a terri-
torial government, itcertainly would not preclude
this House from examining into the question. It
would not relieve this House from the duty of
looking into the question, to see whether the Pres-
ident had, or had not, prejudged the case, and at-
tempted, by his own mere act, to put into exist-
ence a territorial government without authority
from the Congress of the United States.
Mr. DAWES. The information sought for
may have some bearing upon the testimony al-
ready before the Committee of Elections on this
point. It is with that view, I understand, that
the resolution is brought here. Certain testimony
has been presented to the Committee of Elections;
and the information we ask for may add strength
to what we already have.
The information we desire from the President
is a matter of fact, and of fact only. .It is true, as
the gentleman says, that it does not alter the legal
question, and would not make an organized Ter-
ritory, or unmake an organized Territory; but it
will do something towards settling the minds of
the committee on the facts of the case.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I suppose,by the gen-
tleman's own statement, that he desires the reso-
lution to be reconsidered, in order thathe may put
it in such language as will secure the precise in-
formation which he considers necessary.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think, if the gentleman
from Alabama will read the resolution, he will
see that it is not subjectto serious objection. The
Committee of Elections does not know what in-
formation the President may have. But admit
everything the gentleman says to be true, the pro-
posed inquiry can do no harm. This House is
judge of the law; but it is important to have all
requisite information, that the law may be prop-
erly applied. While this House may not be in-
fluenced, by any information which may be ob-
tained from the President, as to what law is, still
it is necessary and proper that the House should
have all the facts, that they may judge correctly
whether the request should be granted or refused.
I understand that elections have been held in that
Territory, and that a great many subsequent facts
have transpired there, which, if known, might
aid the House in construing or applying the law.
Really I cannot see any objection to that resolu-
tion, nor can I see how the House can exercise
an enlightened legal judgment without having all
the facts before them. I hope the vote adopting
the resolution will not be reconsidered.
. The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
, IIENRY WOODS.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask leave, in accordance
with the instruction of the Committee on Com-
merce, to report a joint resolution for the relief of
Henry Woods; and to ask that it be put upon its
passage.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman reporting his bill, and having it referred;
but I object to putting it upon its passage.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The bill has been referred
and I desire to report it back from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot consent that the gen-
tleman shall get in his bill, and put it through in
tfiat way.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then-let it be referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FENTON. I call for the regular order of
business.
PRINTING OF 'DOCUMENTS.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Committee on Printing have directed
me to report a resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's desk, and upon which I call the previous
question.
The resolution was rand, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the useof the House,
twenty thousand extra copics of the Picsident's protest,
with the majority and minority reports thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman from
Ohio will allow me one moment. I desire to offer
an amendment to his resolution. I propose to
make the number twenty-five or thirty thousand,
instead of twenty thousand. I want also to state,
what I suppose the gentleman from Ohio knows,
that, under the printing act of 1852, whenever
extra numbers of any documents are ordered, if
the number exceeds five thousand copics, and does
not exceed ten thousand, there shall be a deduc-
tion of two per cent, from the prices specified in
the law upon the press-work, folding, and stitch-
ing; if the number exceeds ten thousand,and docs
not exceed twenty thousand, a deduction of five
per cent.; and if over twenty thousand a deduc-
tion of forty per cent. I understand that the Super-
intendent of thePublic Printing hasput a construc-
tion upon that law that operates in this way: that
if you order between five and ton thousand extra
copies, a deduction of two per cent, is made; if
you order between ten and twenty thousand, five
per cent, is deducted; and if you order over twenty
thousand copies, forty per cent, is deducted upon
the whole number of extra copies ordered. So
that it will be cheaper for this House to order
thirty thousand extra copies of that document,
than it would be to order twenty thousand. I
move to amend the resolution by striking out
"twenty thousand," and inserting "thirty thou-
sand." I desired, by these remarks, to get the
facts before the House, so that when extra copies
are ordered hereafter, they may understand the
matter.
Gentlemen around me say that twenty-five thou-
sand copics are sufficient. That will give each
member one hundred copies each. I will jnake
it twenty-five thousand copies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
resolution as amended,
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would like the yeas and
nays upon this resolution. As a matter of coursc,
I do not expect that half a dozen members will
sustain the call, but I would like to see who are
in favor of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed also by the
committee to offer the following resolution; upon
which I call the previous question:
Resolvei, That there be printed, for the use of the House,
five thousand extra copied ot" Edward F. Beaie-s report re-
lating to the construction of a wagon road from Fort Smith,
Arkansas, to the Colorado river.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the yeas and nays,
upon the adoption of the resolution
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his demand for the previous
question until he can tell the House what the
printing of five thousand extra copies will cost. -
Mr. GURLEY. The printing and paper, with-
out the maps, would be $13 87 per one thousand
copies. The seven maps will cost$162 22; making
8236 09 per thousand copies. Five thousand copies
will cost §1,180 45.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask gentlemen who favor
the publication of this report to give us the yeas
and nays. Let us see who they are.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Atdrieli, Ashley, Averv, Barr,
Barrett, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Boteler, Brayton, Burlin-
game, Burnliam, Butterneld, Case, John B. Clark, Colfax,
Corwin, Covodc, Dawes, Dunn,Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Eng-
lish, Florence, Foster, Frank, Freneh, Gooeh, Gurley, Hale,
Haskin, Helmick, Howard, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg^Kenyon, Loomis, Lovejoy,Marston,May^
nard, McClernand, McKnight, Miihvard, Mnorhead, Ed-
ward Joy Morris, Morse, Noell, Olin, Pettit, Phelps, Porter,
Ilice, James C. Kobinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scott, Tliea-
ker, Train, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster,
Windom, and Woodruff—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Allen,
Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C. Anderson, Babbitt,
Barksdalc, Boyce, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bristow, Buf-
tinton, Burnett, Carey, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Conkling, Vox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry,
Curtis, Davidson, Delano, Duel!, Edmundson, Edwards,
Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Gartrell, Hardeman,
John T. Harris, Ilatton, Hickman, Hoard, IIolman, Hous-
ton, Humphrey, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Killlnger, Larra-
'bee, James M. Leacli, McKean, McQueen, MeRae, Mill-
son, Laban T. Moore Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nixon, Perry, Pottle, Pugh,
Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, Christopher llobinson, IIvlfHn.
Sedgwick, William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Spinner,
Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, William Stew-
art, Stokes, Stratton, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins,
Trimble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever,
Waldron, Wells, Wilson, Winslow, and Woodson—94.
So the resolution was rejected.
During the vote,
Mr. COOPER stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Leach, of Michigan.
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Grow was paired
off with Mr. Fotike,
Mr. HASKIN, when his name was called,said:
I desire to say, in explanation of my vote, being
a member of the Committee on Printing, that that
committee have reported in favor of the publica-
tion on a resolution offered by Mr. Phelps, and
to accommodate him, I vote "ay."
" Mr. BURNETT. I hope the Speaker will en-
force the rule. The gentleman from New York
knows the rule, and ought not to attempt to de-
bate a question when debate is not in order.
Mr. BURCH stated that if he had been within
the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted "ay."
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to reconsider the.
vote.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was rejected; and I
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] changed his vote, with the
express intention of moving to reconsider.
Mr. BURNETT. That may have been; and
that was the very reason why I'sought the floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to state that I changed
my vote 
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman
discussing the question.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have a right to state that
I changed my vote, with the express determina-
tion of moving a reconsideration; and I think I
was on the floor time enough to obtain the floor
The SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware
of the object of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and recognized the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw liis motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. BURNETT declined to withdraw the mo-
tion.
