1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the ground of its nationality, it is this channel
over the St. Clair flats, the bill for the completion
of which has just been vetoed by the President
of the United States. He says further:
" As an original question, the authority to erect light-
houses under the commercial power might be considered
doubtful; but even vvereitmore doubtful than itis, 1 should
rcgaid it as settled after an uninterrupted exercise of the
power for seventy years. Such a long and uniform practi-
cal construction of the Constitution is entitled to the highest
respect, and has finally determined the question."
"Well, sir, if the power to build light-houses has
been established in seventy years, I ask whether
an established policy for forty years should not
have a little weight with the President of the Uni-
ted States in regard to the construction of such a
national work'as this channel? I have shown you
that no longer ago than 1856, although the Presi-
dent vetoed a similar bill, it passed, and by a more
than two-thirds majority, through both Houses
of C.ongrcss, thus showing that they deemed it a
national work; and I ask you if, after forty years
practice under this Government, these precedents
should not have some little weight? But, sir, he
says, in conclusion:
" In what I have said, [ do not mean to intimate a doubt
of the power ot Congie^s to constiuct such internal im-
provements as may he essentially necessaiy foi defense and
protection against the invasion of a foreign enemy."
All that power exists; and I have shown that if
there was any work in this Government that would
conduce to that end, it is this identical channel,
the appropriation for the improvement of which
he has vetoed. He continues:
" The power to declare wai and the obligation to protect
each State against invasion, eleaily cover such case*, it
wili scarcely be claimed, however, that the improvement
of the St. Clair liver is within this catogoiy.'1
Throughout the message he talks of the im-
provement of the St. Clair river. Wliv, sir, we
do not propose to improve the St. Clair river.
The St. Clair river is capable of floating all the
mercantile and war navies of the world. It has
a depth of some fifty feet, and is nearly throe
fourths of a mile in width.
The President, in another part of his message,
says that these fiats are formed by the deposits
from the river St. Clair, at its mouth. They are
formed by no such thing. These flats are formed
by the action of the wind on the gravely bottom
of Lake St. Clair. The water flowing from the
river St. Clair is as pure as purity itself. In one
hundred years one inch of sediment would not
float from the river St. Clair. In one hundred
years you would not put one inch depth of sed-
iment, if it all settled from the river St. Clair,
over the St. Clair flats. No, sir, it is the winds
from the lakes that have raised this bank in front
of the mouth of the river, and turned the channel
off a great distance. Experience has likewise
proved that when this channel has been cut, the,
current sweeping through it fully obviates the
effect of the wind in filling itnp. The experience
of two years has shown that the channel remains
perfect. There is a strong current over the St.
Clair flats. I speak from personal observation.
I liave taken soundings all over these flats with a
bass line. I know what the current is there. It
is a strong current. I think the current is not
less than one and a half miles an hour. The
channel is perfectly straight, and this current,
when the channel is once cut, is found to bo amply
sufficient to keep it perfectly clear—no sediment
floating, as we should be led. to suppose from this
statement of the President of the United States,
from the river St. Clair, the evirrent being suffi-
cient to obviate any working from the lake; when
the channel is cut it becomes permanent; nothing
can prevent its durability.
"This river''—
He still persists in saying this is for the river.
Why, sir, it is more than two miles from the
mouth of the river, and where these flats exist
the lake must be fifteen miles wide at least. It
has nothing whatever to do with the river St.
Clair. We do not propose to touch the river St.
Clair. We do not want to touch it. It is the
flats out in the lake that we propose to cut a chan-
nel through.
"This river is the boundary-line between the United
States and tile Blitish Province of Upper Canada. Any
impiovcmcnt of its navigation, therefore, which we could
make for purposes of war, would equally inure to the ben-
efit of Great Britain, the only enemy which could possibly
confront us in that quarter."
I have shown that it cannot equally inure to the
benefit of Great Britain. It is every inch of it on
United States soil. It is in the lake. It is inside
of our boundary-lino, and it could" not equally
inure to the benefit of Great Britain. But he says:
"War would be a sad calamity for both nations; but,
should it ever unhappily exist, the batties will not be fought
on the St. Clair river, or on the lakes with which it com-
municates."
Well, sir, war would be a sad calamity, and I
trust it may never exist; and yet it was exactly
on those lakes that it was fought before, and it
may be upon those lakes that it will be fought
again.
There is another subject to which I wisli to
allude, and that is, that we have already opened
a foreign commerce from the lakes with Europe.
During the past year thirty-five vessels were laden
upon the lakes, and dispatched on a direct voy-
age to Europe. Then,even although you ignore
us because our water is not salt, we will bring a
little savor of salt on our vessels as they cross the
Atlantic. This trade is increasing with very great
rapidity; thirty-five vessels were sent abroad last
year from the lakes, and I think twenty the year
before; and probably the coming year it will
double, and so it will go on. The commerce of
these lakes with Great Britain, France, and other
European countries, is now as direct as the com-
merce between them and New York; and at no
distant day 1 shall ask the Senate to reverse the
decision of the President. I shall ask that this ap-
propriation bill be again passed by Congress; and
if it be returned by the President of the United
States, I shall ask, as my illustrious predecessor
did in 1856, that it he passed over his veto.
With these remarks, 1 withdraw my motion to
reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the question before the
Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Iverson
in the chair.) The special order is now before
the Senate—the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bhown.]
Mr. DAVIS. I wanted to know whether the
President's message was before the Senate. I
have something to say in reply to the Senator from
Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan moved to reconsider the vole by
which that message was ordered to be printed,
and made a speech. He now withdraws his mo-
tion to reconsider; and, of course, the question is
not before tin; Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi desires to make a speech oil this same
point, I will renew my motion for his benefit.
Mr. BROWN. If it is the desire to go on with
the debate on this question, I shall not object. I
only propose 
Mr. CHANDLER. I will renew my motion
at any time, to enable the Senator from Missis-
sippi to make a speech.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to postpone the
special order until half past two o'clock. ["To-
morrow."] Well, I will say to-morrow, at one
o'clock. 1 hope at that hour gentlemen will vote
on my resolutions. My colleague tells me he will
not occupy more than ten minutes, and I dare say
we shall have a vole to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to speak.
Mr. BROWN. On these resolutions.'
Mr. COLLAMElt. On your resolutions. I
may as well speak on them as on any others.
Mr. BROWN. 1 move to postpone them until
to-morrow at one o'clock, then.
Mr. COLLAMER. If i.t is proposed to have
a vote on the resolutions of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] I have no objection to
their being disposed of; and I can speak on some
of the kindred resolutions.
Mr. CL1.NGMAN. I have no doubt there will
be some debate on the resolutions of the Senator
from Mississippi. I have no especial desire to
consume much time; but I shall say something
on them, most likely, in explaining the vote I shall
give.
Mr. BROWN. If it suits the Senator from
North Carolina to say that something to-day, very
well.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Whenever they come be-
fore us, and are likely to come to a vote. I have
no choice as to the time. I have very little to say.
Mr. BROWN. I propose to postpone this sub-
ject for half an hour. My colleague 
Mr. GREEN. I suggest to the Senator from
Mississippi that he had better postpone them jifatil
to-morrow. Tlie resolutions inyolve.matters of
very serious importance, and the Senate is not
full. I should like to have a full Senate on ques-
tions ofgreat importance.
Mr. BROWN. My only object in declining
to postpone them until to-morrow is, that my col-
league thinks he will not occupy more than .ten
minutes, and then, possibly, there would be no-
body desiring to speak again on the motion of the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say to the Senator
that I shall not speak to-day if I can avoid it,
though I shall not speak long.
Mr. BROWN, i am misunderstood. I do not
want my resolutions displaced. If I postpone
them until to-morrow at one o'clock, and this de-
bate can certainly be brought to a close to-day,
something else may be taken up, and get prece-
dence of my resolutions to-morrow. That X wish
to avoid. If this debate is likely to be protracted,
I can move hereafter to postpone these resolutions
until to-morrow. For the present, supposing the
motion of the Senator from Michigan will not take
more than half an hour, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the special order for to-
day until half past two o'clock. Then, if the
debate on this motion is likely to proceed, I shall
move further to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As there are several res-
olutions before the Senate of kindred character,
all relating to the subject of slavery in the Terri-
tories,I,for one,should prefer to hear the debate
upon the whole of the .resolutions before I vote
upon any of them. I take this occasion to say,
that while I approve, and perhaps shall vote for
the principles incorporated in all these resolu-
tions, their presentation here, I think, is not only
bad policy for the Democratic party, but it is con-
verting the Senate Chamber of the United States
into a debating society upon abstract questions.
I do not wish to shirk the responsibility of voting
in reference to the rights of the States and their
citizens in the Territories, which are the common
property of the States. I shall, when the time
comes, if the vote is pressed, vote that the Terri-
tories are the common property. I do not be-
lieve in the new doctrine of popular sovereignty,
and I shall not vote for anything that countenances
that doctrine; but I do hold, sir, that the whole
subject is an abstraction; that the Senate of the
United States should not be converted into a de-
bating society to discuss these abstract questions;
but that we should wait until the political parties
of the country choose, in an authoritative form,
to announce their principles through their con-
ventions; and then they will be squarely and
fairly before the country. But, in saying that 1
am opposed to this conversion of the Senate into
a debating society, I wish it distinctly understood
that I mean no disrespect whatever to the gentle-
men who have offered these various resolutions.
Mr. BROWN. I hope, without further de-
bate, my colleague will be allowed the floor on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan, and
that this question will be postponed for half an
hour. I have said all that I desire. If this de-
bate is likely to consume more than the half hour,
I shall be perfectly willing to let this question
pass over until to-morrow. If not, why not take
u up, and let any gentleman speak this evening
who desires to do so ? I am not pressing a vote
on the question improperly or hastily; but I hope
my colleague will be allowed to proceed in reply
( to the Senator from Michigan, if that is his ob-
iect, without any further delay.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Iverson.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi: Shall this special order be postponed
until half past two o'clock?
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now renew my motion
to reconsider the vote ordering the printing of the
veto message.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to know distinctly
what is the question before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An orderwas
made by the Senate to print the message of the
President of the United States in relation to the
St. Clair flats. The Senator from Michigan moves
to reconsider that order; and that is-the question
now pending before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. It is apro/oimamotion,then,ac
