I860.]
APPENDIX TO„THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jones.
. Ho. of'Eeps.
we can, forcibly if we must. Nothing is to stand
in the way of their onward progress to freedom.
Treason, murder, bloodshed, and servile insurrection
arc here recommended for the accomplishmentof
their abolition schemes. This is the school in
which John Brown was trained; it was from the
teachings of such men as these, high in authority,
that he derived his " irrepressible-conjlief^ ideas
that caused him to drench Kansas in blood and
invade the sovereign State of Virginia with an
armed band to incite insurrection. He was led
to believe, from the teachings of these valiant
knights of freedom, that as soon as lie struck the
first blow at Harper's Ferry, a thousand swords
would leap from their scabbards at the North to
sustain him; but, to his sorrow, he found them
more valiant m words than in actions. And now,
after this outrage has been committed; now, after
the blood of innocent men and women has been
spilt, and the eyes of the whole country, with
just scorn and indignation, are turned to the lead-
ers of the Republican party as the authors of the
iniquitous tragedy, they affect great surprise at
being suspected of any complicity with such a
transaction.
When Bcnhadad, King of Syria, was sick, he
sent Hazael, his seivant,to Damascus, to inquire
ofElisha, the prophet, whether he should rccovcr
of his disease. And the prophet answered: "Go
tell thy master that he may certainly recover, how-
beit the Lord hath shown me he shall surely die."
And the man of God wept. And Hazacl said:
"Why weepest my lord?" And he answered,
" Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto
the children of Israel; their strongholds wilt thou
set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay
with the sword, and will dash their children and
rip up their women with child." And Hazael
said, " But what ! is thy servant adogt that he should
do this great thing ?" And Elisha answered: " The
Lord hath showed me that thou shalt be King over
Syria." Hazacl went his way and told the King
that Elisha had said he would surely recover. Not-
withstanding Hazael's indignation at the prophet's
accusation, yet on the very next morning he slew
the King, succeeded him to the throne, and, in a
short time, he committed all the abominations
upon the children of Israel that the prophet had
foretold.
So, when William H. Seward announced his
t( irrepressible-conflict" doctrines—declared that
slavery must and shall be abolished at all hazards;
when sixty-eight members of the last House of
Representatives signed the recommendation of the
infamous Helper book, thereby indorsing treason
andservilc insurrection, if any man hadarisenupon
this floor and said to these gentlemen, il You are
proclaiming sentiments that will lead to insurrec-
tion and civil war," they would have indignantly
exclaimed with Hazael, " Is thy servant a dog, that
he should do this great thing And yet, in afow
years after the announcement of " the irrepressible-
conflict" doctrine, and within less than one year
after the indorsement of the Helper book, we had
treason, murder, and insurrection upon southern
soil, by the notorious leader of the Kansas rebel-
lion, with arms and ammunition supplied him by
the Abolition and Republican party of the North.
And when these leaders are now charged with
being aiders and abettors of the act, they affect
great ignorance, and still exclaim: " Is thy servant
a dog, that he should do this great thing ?" I will
say to the gentlemen on the other side, that the
South is fully awakened to a sense of the real de-
signs of the Republican party, and she can no
longer be deceived upon this question.
I trust, sir, I have fully established the position
with which I set out—that the South is in noway
responsible for this slavery agitation, but that it
rests entirely upon the anti-slavery fanatics of the
North.
But, sir, another object I had in view in ad-
dressing the House to-day, was to view this ques-
tion of slavery in its present attitude, deal with it
as it now stands before the country in all its men-
acing proportions, threatening the overthrow of
the Government. In the review we have just
made, we have accomplished two objects; first,
we have clearly relieved the South of all respons-
ibility for the agitation of this question, and have
placed it wl\ere it properly belongs, upon the Ab-
olition or Republican party. Secondly, we see
the steady and alarming progress the Republicans
have made in numerical strength, and the vast
power they are destined to wieid in this Govcrn-
mentunlesschccked in theironward march. That
cloud of fanaticism which at first appeared upon
the political horizon, no larger than a man's hand,
has now swollen into a dark and angry cloud,
threatening to break in fury and sudden destruc-
tion upon the country. As we have seen, this agi-
tation began first in the form of abolition petitions
presented to Congress, exciting at first very little
attention or alarm. The petitioners became more
and more exigent in their demands, until they suc-
ceeded in not only stirring up a great excitement in
our national councils, but also in arousing popu-
lar prejudices and sectional animosities through-
out the Union; section became arrayed against
section; the men of the North and the men of the
South, who had hitherto regarded each other as
brethren, now began to look upon each other as
enemies. The question assumed at the North a
political bearing; designing politicians and unprin-
cipled demagogues seized upon it as a hobby to
ride into power. It became a regular system—a
part of their tactics—to keep up this agitation.
The press, that mighty engine for con trolling pop-
ular opinion, was subsidized to their base pur-
poses; their school-houses, their colleges, their
lecture-rooms, their legislative halls, ana even the
temples of the living God, were desecrated by their
foul teachings. Thus this anti-slavery sentiment,
which at first had but few advocates, deepened
and widened,until it now pervades and animates
the minds of a large majority of the citizens of the
non-slaveholding States. It can no longer be re-
garded as the fitful excitement of a few propagand-
ists; but as a positive, living principle m the north-
ern mind, controlling all their social, religious,
and political acts. It has now become the basis,
the corner-stone of political organization. All
the malcontents, the odds and ends, sloughed off
from old political parties, have united in one com-
mon band, assuming to themselves the name of
the Republican party, the more effectually to con-
ceal their real designs.
I will here briefly state what I consider the
great leading cardinal doctrines of the Republican
party, as expounded by their leaders and set forth
in their party platforms:
1. They assert, as the great fundamental prin-
ciple of their party, the social and political equal-
ity of the negro and the white man—that all men
are born free and equal, possessed of certain in-
alienable rights, which it is the duty of the Federal
Government to guard and maintain.
2. A deep-settled hate to the people and insti-
tutions of the southern States, causing them to
look upon slavery as a sin against God and man;
a relic of barbarism; a blighting, withering curse
to the nation, which it is their solemn and religious
duty at all times, in all places, and by all means,
to restrict and finally abolish.
3. A fixed and unalterable determination to ex-
clude the people of the southern States, with their
slave property, from all the common territory of
the United States, and that there shall be no more
slave States admitted into the Union; thus re-
stricting slavery to its present limits, with the
hope that it may finally extinguish itself.
4. The repeal of the fugitive slave law, or a
modification of its provisions, so as to render that
clause of the Constitution in reference to the ren-
dition of fugitives null and void.
5. The abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia; in all the forts, arsenals, and dock-
yards under the jurisdiction of the United States;
also, the abolition of the slave trade between the
States, as well us a secret purpose to strike at the
institution in the States by all constitutional means—
they being the sole judges of the Constitution.
6. After obtaining control of the executive and
legislative departments of the Government, the
next step will be to reform the judiciary, remodel
the Supreme Court of the United States, and thus
remove the last barrier in the way of constitu-
tional aggression.
7. By way of hastening the consummation of
their free-soil purposes, they now propose to in-
augurate a grand system of squandering the public
lands, by giving "homes to the homeless and
land to the landless."
In order to show that I have not misrepresented
the sentiments and principles of the Republican •
party, I will here read a few extracts from their
platforms, and from the speeches of their leaders.
Mr. Blake introduced the following resolution
in the House of Representatives, March 26,1860;
foi which sixty Republican membeis voted—some
declining to vote:
Whcicas the ebattelizing of humanity and the holding
of ix'r.-oiib as property is contrary to natural justice and the
fundamental principles of oui political system, and is noto-
nou.-ly a lepioach to our counts y throughout the civilized
world, ami a serious hmderance to the progress of repub-
lican hbciiv anion? the nations of the earth: Therefore,
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he, ai d
the fame are hereby, inftiuctPd to inquhc into the cxpedi-
eney of reporttnga bill giving freedom to every human being
and inteidicting slavery wherever Congress lias tlie con-«>
sutuuonal power to legiflate on the subject."
Senator Wade, of Ohio, said:
"There is really no Union now between the North ?md
the South ; and ho behoved that no two nations upon th j
eaith enteitain feelings of more bitter lancor towards each
other than these two nations of the Republic."
Mr. Loyejoy, of Illinois, said, in the House of
Representatives, April 5, 1860:
<^3ir, than robbery, than pi racy,than polygamy, slavehold-
ing is worse—more criminal, more injurious to man, and
consequently moie offensive to God.
" ^laveholding has been justly designated as the sum of
all Villainy. Put every crime peipetiated among men into
a moral ciucible, and dissolve and combine them aU, arnl
the re.*uitaut amalgam is slaveholdmg. It has the violence
of lobheiy,
" A MfcMBER. You {?fe joking.
"Mr.LovEJOY. No,sir; I am speaking in dead earnest,
before God, Cod's own tiuth. It has the violence of rob-
bery, the blood and cruelty of piracy; u has the offensive
and brutal lusts, ot polygamy, ah combined and concentrated
m itself, with aacravationx that neither one of these crimes
cvei knew or diearned ot."
Republican platform, at Philadelphia, June 18,
1856:
" Ilcsolrcd, That the Constitution confers upon Congress
sovereign power over the Territories of the United States,
foi their government, and that in the excicise of the pov.er
it is both the light and the duty of Congiess to prohibit m
the Tenitories those twin lehea of baibarism—polygamy
and slavery,"
Senator Henry Wilson said, in a speech at
Boston: ^
" We '•hall arrest the extension of slavory, and rcteuo
the Government from the grasp of the slave power. We
shall blot out slavery in the national capital. We shall sur-
round the slave States with a eoidon of free States. We
shall then appeal to the hearts and consciences of men,
and, in a lewyears, notwithstanding the immense interests
combined iij the cau^e of opinession, we shall give liberty
to the millions in bondage. ("'Hear!' 'Hear!'] 1 tiu t
that manv of us will live to sec the chain stricken from tho
limb* ot tlie la*t bondman in the Republic I"
Horacc Mann, of Massachusetts, said:
" I have only to add, under a full sen-.e of my responsi-
bility to my country and my God, I deliberately say, better
disunion, better a civil oi si«ivile wai, hotter an}thing that
God in his providence shall send, than an extension of the
bounds ol slavery."
Josiali Gtuincy, of Boston, said:
"The obligation incumbent on the free States to deliver
up fugitive slaves is that burden, and it must be obliterated •
horn the Constitution at every hazard."
Senator Sumnf.r said:
" The good citizen, as he reads the requirements of this
act, the [fugitive slave,] is tilled with horroi." * *
* * '• llete the path ot duly is clear. I am bound to
disobey this act 51 >• * * * <{ Sir, I will not
dishonor this home of the Pilgrims and of the Revolution
by admitting—nay, t cannot believe—tiiat this bill will be
executed here.1,1
Mi. Buulingamd said:
" If united to state specially what we would do, he would
answei : F«iht, repeal the Nebraska bill; second, repealtlie
fugitive slave law; third, abolish sJavpiy in the District of
Columbia: fouuh,abolir-h th<;iiucr-Statc?Iave tiade ; next,
he would deelaie that slavery vhonld not spread to one inch
of the tuntory of the Union; lie would then put the Gov-
ernment actually and perpetually on the side ot freedom."
>>■ * * " He would have judges who believe
in a highei law, and an anti-slaverv Constitution, an anti-
slaveiy Bible, and an anti-slavery God."
Mr. Burungame again:
"When we shall have elected a President, as we will,
who will not be the Piesident of a party, nor of a section,
but the tribune ol a people ; amfraftervve have exterminated
a few moie untenable doughfaces from the North, then, if
tlie slave Senate will not give way, we will grind it between
the upper and nether millstones of our power."
J. II. Giddings said, in reference to the fugitive
slave law:
" Fiom my innermost soul, I abhor, detest, and repudiate
this law. I despise the human being who would obey it, if
such a being has existence. I should regard such a man as
a mora! nuisance, contaminating the air of fiecdom, and
would kick him from my door should he attempt to enter my
dwelling."
