2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
of the great fluctuation in the payments made.
The adoption of this rule would operate oner-
ously on those who performed extraordinary du-
ties in particular years, andbe a premium to those
who had very little to do.
Mr. HALE. I do not know much about the
details of it, but I see that there are several offi-
cers stationed in this city who reccive more than
live thousand dollars a year; and it is done in
various ways. I think that is a limit which it
would be safe to adopt.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if he hopes to be able to legislate on
this subject of pay on the appropriation bills at
this hour? If he wants time, let us adjourn and
come back to-morrow.
Mr. HALE, Oh, no; I only ask for a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall
have a vote and carry it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say that I have paired off with the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana, who is absent,
[fytr. Slidell.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Clark, Doolittlo,
Durkfee, Fcssetiden, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, King, Nicholson, Pugli, Simmons, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
MAYS—Messrs. lienjamin, Bigler, Bragg. Brown, Davis,
Fitapatrick, Foster, Greeni, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Iver-
son, Latham, Malloiy, Pearce, Polk, Powell, llico, Sauls-
bury, Sebastian, and Ten Eye 1c—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
- Mr. ANTHONY. I move to reconsider the
vote non-concurring in the amendment in relation
to the signal officer. I shall not vote for it, but I
make the motion.
Several Senators. What is that ?
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition providing for
a new officer to be called a signal officer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Has a Senator
a right to move a reconsideration and then say he
does not intend to vote for it ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly he has. How he will
vote, does not affect that right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Rhode Island has a right
to make the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to say simply in relation
to this, that I hope the Senate will act understand-
ing!^ on it. It is to confer on the President power
to appoint somebody with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of a major of cavalry to be a signal
officer of the Army, and to be under the orders of
the Secretary of War alone. It is to bring into
the Army a new major, who shall belong to no
corps or department; who, therefore, unless he
be the head of a new bureau, around which here-
after is to be gathered a corps thus to operate in
the Army, will be entirely worthless. Who the
President may appoint, 1 do not know. If lie
should appoint the person who has already been
engaged in preparing signal flags, or if he should
appoint any other person, he will be of no use to
more than one place in the Army. If he should
be sent there, and if the object be to give this any
geneial application to the Army, it follows as a
matter of course that he becomes here a nucleus
for the formation of a new bureau, and for the
creation of a number of officers equal to the num-
ber of the requirements of the service, so that one
signal officer may be with each division or de-
tachment of the Army. I do not think the Sen-
ate could have comprehended the fact that they
were thus instituting a new officer of high grade,
allowing the President to take him where he
pleased, thus going right over the heads of all
those who have been struggliug so long to reach
the grade of major; and when this office is insti-
tuted, the officer is necessarily to become the head
of a new bureau to be established in Washington.
It can amount to nothing else, if there be any
logic in it; and I hope the Senate, on a fair view
of the case, will not allow it to pass.
Mr. LANE. I do not want to take up the time
of the Senate, and I shall notoccupy five minutes.
Indeed, I am willing to allow the vote to be taken
now, with the expression that my conviction is,
that the establishment of this office of signal offi-
cer in the Army is very important, and that none
of tlie evils will follow that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi imagines may. It is not the making of
a bureau. It is not creating an office that will
require any bureau or any new corps of officers;
but he is to be attached to the Adjutant General's
department, under his orders, to instruct the
Army in a system of signals.
Mr. GWIN. Whom is he to instruct?
Mr. LANE. Every regiment and corps of the
Army.
Mr. DAVIS. How is he to get them ?
Mr. LANE. It will be his duty, under the
orders of the head of the Army, to go to the dif-
ferent regiments, if you please, and there in person
instruct these men in the signals. No evil on
earth can grow out of it. No bureau can be cre-
ated in consequence of it; none whatever.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. ["Oh,no."] We have broke out in anew
place, and we shall have to debate this thing all
over. [" Vote, vote !"]
Mr. LANE. Let us take the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot get through
in any other way than by going right on.
Mr. LATHAM. There will be another motion
to reconsider.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator had been
here a little longer, he would know that we can
neverget through bills in any other way than by
having patience and fighting them out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I was not
present when the vote was taken by which this
signal officer was secured; and although I have
diligently inquired for some reason for the estab-
lishment of this new office, I have failed yet to
find any, and I can see nothing in it but the es-
tablishment of a sinecure in the Army, and let me
assure the Senate that the Army cannot stand a
sinecure. It will break that or any other service
down. I cannot imagine why a new officer with
the rank of major is to be established as a signal
officer, when he will be of no service to the coun-
try at any other time than a time of war. I can-
not imagine that m time of peace you can find any
service for him; and in time of war, I am not
satisfied that you can find any service for him
anywhere but on a single field. I am not satisfied
further, of the policy of taking the signal officer
from that particular duty, through the Adjutant
General of the Army, who is established to trans-
mit military orders, and making him an inde-
pendent officer, subject alone to the Secretary of
War, introducing an entirely new feature into the
discipline of the Army.
If a signal officer is demanded at all, he is de-
manded 111 your naval service. There you have
use for signals every day in the year, on every
part of the habitable globe. When fleets are sail-
ing together, or in sight of cach other, they are
in the habit of communicating by signals; yet no
such policy has been dreamed of there. I would
vote for this if it were to increase the efficicncy of
the service. If it is for the interest of the country
to have this office, I will give my vote for it; but
I am in entire ignorance about it. I suppose Some
person unknown has discovered some new method
of communicating in battle some signal, and the
Congress is to create a new office without any
further information about it. I know nothing
about it, and if any gentleman does, I should like
to have a little light.
Mr. BROWN. I know very little about Army
matters, and therefore shall not undertake to dis-
cuss them; but,as 1 understand this proposition, it
is this: a Dr. Myer, who is a surgeon, or assist-
ant surgeon, in tlie Army, discovered or invented
a system of signals, which has been approved by
the Secretary of War, and by'a board appointed
to test them, and, I am glad to say, by my col-
league, the late Secretary of War. They seem
to be universally admitted to be a good thing—a
capital thing. My colleague, the other day, said
he was willing to pay the inventor or discoverer,
whatever he may be, of this system of signals, a
sum of money; which, I understand, he refuses
to receive, on the ground that he does not want
that kind of recognition of any service he has ren-
dered to the Army. I understand him to be a
gentleman of large fortune, to whommoney would
be no compensation; but he wants a recognition
from his Government that he has done what seems
to be universally admitted to be a good thing for
the service. He has invented a system of signals
by which, it is said—with how much correctness
I certainly do not know—that armies stationed
at a distance of from one to fifteen miles may con-
verse with absolute accuracy. If that be so, cer-
tainly it is a very great thing for the Army.
All ho wants of his Government, is some recog-
nition that he has rendered an important service.
He asks it, I think, in the mildest form in which
the thing can be presented—not in money, not
high lank; but being a captain—I suppose an hon-
orary captain, but my colleague will know much
better than I—he is assistant surgeon in the
Army, and, I understand, he ranks as captain;
and now he wants his Government to give him a
recognition, by simply raising him to the rank
of major, one degree above his present position.
With that he is satisfied. He does not ask any-
thing more than that. He does not come, like most
inventors, asking you to pay him so much money
for what he has (lone, but to recognize him in a
different way, by simply giving him a rank one
degree above that which he has. This does not
add, as I understand, another officer to the Army.
I do not understand that there is anybody hehind
him or before him; but he stands in aline by him-
self, something after the manner of the two ma-
jors which my colleague offered to-day for West
Point.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. BROWN. Well, I may not understand
it; but of this I am sure, if this invention be that
which we are given to understand it is, we get it
at a very light rate, by simply elevating the officer
from a captaincy to a majority. Now, Mr. Pres-
ident, 1 think I am a man of ordinary intelligence,
and these signals to me are absolute Greek; they
are absolute Hebrew; they are worse than Jap-
anese; and no man can explain them in words,
in my opinion. The thing has to be seen and
taught. Who so proper to teach it as the man
who made the discovery? I think none. The
Government is not going to seize upon it as a
matter of course from the officers who have been
detailed to test it. I understand that Lieutenant
Alexander, perhaps he is Captain Alexander, of
the Army, and others, have been sent out to test
these improvements. At all events, they nave
the indorsement of the Secretary of War, and of
an Army board, and of my colleague, the late
experienced and learned Secretary of War, as a
capital good tiling in the Army; and all they are
going to cost you is simply the elevation of Dr.
Myer from a captaincy to a majority. I think
you get a good thing at a very cheap rate. It
does not stand in the way of anybody, as I un-
derstand it. I understand he is just one by him-
self, and docs not stand in the line of promotion
in the way of any one.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly the argument which my
colleague makes, presents the objection. I do
not know how he finds out that Dr. Myer is go-
ing to be appointed. I have no such relations to
the Administration as enable me to tell.
Mr. BROWN. I will explain to my colleague.
I take it for granted that if you provide for the
appointment of a signal officer, the Administra-
tion will, of course, appoint the man who invented
or discovered the signals,and who is more learned
intheuseof them than anybody else. I,of course,
know nothing about it.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly so. The case comes
up on a memorial from a man in Arkansas who
thought he had discovered a perfect method of
communicating by secret signs between armies,
and the consideration of that memorial involved
the consideration of the whole subject on a reso-
lution of the Senate. This Dr. Myer had been
for some time, I think about three years, engaged,
with an officer of engineers and other persons, in
making experiments upon a method which he
had. It came before the committee in connec-
tion with one which was first sent to us by the
discoverer, a man in Arkansas. So if we should
go by the rule of " first come first served," the
man in Arkansas would get it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not think
the Senator treats that fjirly. I cannot sit
here 
Mr. DAVIS. Wait until I get through, and
you may say what you please. m
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would rather
call the Senator's attention to it now.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I will give way, if
you wish it; but it is my misfortune, being a po-
lite man, to be interrupted every second sentence.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. When it is
