I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
Executive, with the power of remodeling the Su-
preme Court, and with the Army and Navy at
their command, I ask, in the language of the
honorable gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. La-
mar,] " will not the barriers of the Constitution,
the forms of law, the obligations of humanity,
and the sovereignty of the'States, all melt down
in their fiery path
It is madness.then, to talk of scttlingthis ques-
tion. Gentlemen may cry peace, but there is no
peace. It is folly to talk of union, when there is
no union; of fraternity and harmony, when there
is nothing but discord, strife, and sectional jeal-
ousy in the land. Anarchy reigns supreme;and
in the language of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] " we are virtually in a state ofcivil war."
Even here upon this floor already is the sectional
line drawn; we all feel it and know it,and th£rc
is no use in disguising the fact. Here we arc pur-
porting to be Representatives of one great com-
mon country, and ought to be animated by one
great common purpose; and yet, sir, members on
this side of the Chamber entertain feelings of deep
settled hate%nd hostility to members on the Re-
publican side, and do not even desire to cultivate
social relations with them. And why is this? It
is because the bond of union is broken—it is be-
cause the principles of this Republican party lead
to servile war—to the subversion of the Govern-
ment; and we look upon its members as the com-
mon enemies of our country. I say, then, it is
vain to talk of reconciliation or compromise. We
have tried compromises for the last forty years,
and they avail nothing. In 1820 wc had com-
promise that was expected to settle this question;
yet, sir, the agitation continued in the form of ab-
olition petitions. In 1850 a terrific storm broke
out upon the territorial policy of the Government,
and wc had another compromise that all parties
declared a finality, awl that would most certainly
put an end to this agitation. This lasted only four
years. In 1854, when the principles of the com-
promise of 1850 were attempted to be applied to
Kansas, we had another great excitement; and
to-day, after all our efforts at compromise, this
anti-slavery sentiment exhibits itself more power-
fully and menacingly than at any former period of
our history. The excitement upon tins subject
annually recurs in these Halls. Like the ghost
of the murdered Banquo, it will nofdown."
Disguise it, then, as you please, the question
resolves itself into one of slavery or no slavery,
union or disunion. On the one side, a large ma-
jority of the citizens of the non-slaveholdingStates,
headed by the Republican party, assert that sla-
is a national curse, a sin against God and
man; that there is to be no more extension of it,
and that it can and must be abolished. On the
other hand, the southern States, with one voice,
say it is right; that it is the proper condition of
the negro; that wherever the African and the
white man arc brought in contact, it is necessary
that the supremacy of the white man should be
acknowledged, to evolve the greatest good and
happiness to both races; that they will maintain
the institution at all hazards, and that they must
and will have expansion. Here, sir, the issue is
fairly made up. It is a fearful one, involving the
happiness and destiny of millions, and it becomes
us as patriots and statesmen to meet it with firm-
ness. Upon the inauguration of a Black Repub-
lican President, the last act in the drama will be
accomplished. The southern people will have
to make up their minds whether they will give
up slavery or give up this Union; whether they
will submit to the abolition of their institutions,
with all its attendant horrors, or dissolve every
tie that binds them to this Union. With such an
alternative presented, they cannot hesitate in their
duty. Dear as this Union may be to us, with all
its hallowed associations, yet wc infinitely prefer
disunion to dishonor, disgrace, and degradation.
If wc cannot have peace, honor, and safety in
this Union, I say let us strike for independence
outofit. lam no disunionist "perse." I would
be glad to see this Union preserved, if it could be
perpetuated in its original purity. Give me a
Union with the Constitution—the Union of our
fathers—and I am prepared to make any sacrifice
to maintain it; but a Union without the Consti-
tution commands no resjject from me.
Notwithstanding these arc my views, and whilst
I am free to admit that I entertain but little hope
for the perpetuation of this Confederacy, yet 1 am,
willing, in common with all good citizens, to unite
with the friends of the Constitution everywhere—
North, South, East and West—and make one
more effort to roll back this tide of fanaticism;
drive out these public cnemicsfrom the temple of
liberty; and save, if possible, the Constitution and
the Union of these States. Disguise it as you
please, the only hope now left for the country is
the Democratic party. It is the only national, con-
servative party, that now stands by the Consti-
tution, the rights of the States. Let others brand
and denounce it as they choose; it has saved the
country in many a dark hour in our history; and
to that party may yet belong the honor of rescuing
us from the perils that now surround us. Amid
that universal and wide-spread fanaticism that has
swept like an avalanche over the northern States,
bearing do%n everything'in its resistless current,
there is a noble hand of jiatriots that has hitherto
breasted the storm—stood up, like the rock of
Gibraltar, against the surges of popular passion
and prejudice. Ever true and loyal to the Consti-
tution, they have stood by us "through evil as well
as good report''—not by slavery, but by the Consti-
tution of their common country. The world's his-
tory presents not a grander picture of the moral
sublime, of true heroism, of sclf-sacrificing devo-
tion to principle. These northern Democrats chal-
lenge our admiration, deserve our thanks, and arc
entitled to the patriot's reward.
If we would, then, save the Union, let the
friends of the Constitution everywhere unite with
the northern Democracy, for the common good
of the country. Let the South lay aside all im-
practicable issues for the present;*let us lay all
our party prejudices upon the altar of our coun-
try. As Aaron and Hur held up the hands of Mo-
ses on the mount, whilst the armies of Israel were
contending against Amalek,so let us hold up the
hands of these northern patriots who arc now
fighting the battles of the Constitution against the
Abolitionists. Let us make one more " long and
strong pull, a pull altogether," to rescue the Con-
stitution from the foul tread of fanaticism; and if
we fail in this last effort, it is my solemn convic-
tion that "Ilium fait" shall be written upon these
walls.
History tells us that there was a monument
erected at the straits of Thermopylae in honor of
the brave Spartan band that fell in this ever-
memorable conflict. The epitaph inscribed upon
the monument was in these words: "Go tell in
Lacedemon that we died in defense of her laws."
So I say to the northern Democrats upon this
floor: you are but a Spartan band contending
against the myriad host of Abolitionists. You
have another Thcrmopylce to fight; a mighty
struggle awaits you in the coming contest; the
hopes of mankind are turne'd, with eager expec-
tation, to you. Upon your shoulders, in a great
measure, rests the destiny of this Republic; go
forth resolved to conquer. Armed with the
Constitution, with the immutable principles of
truth and justice, meet the issue like men before
the northern masses; combat their prejudices;
tell them you are right and they arc wrong;
and endeavor by your counsels to bring them
back to their loyalty and fidelity to the Constitu-
tion. And if you fail in this last patriotic effort,
posterity will inscribe upon your monument an
epitaph like that of the Spartan band, " that you
fell in defense of the laws and the Constitution of
your country
One word, Mr. Chairman, in regard to the rem-
edy, in case we arc driven to the " ultima ra-
tio," and I have done. My remedy is a peaceable
one. 1 belong to the State-rights, strict construc-
tion school of politics. I believe in the right
of peaceable secession; and, in my judgment,
nothing short of this will remedy existing evils. I
have no faith or confidence in the remedy pro-
posed by some gentlemen upon this floor—that
of fighting within the Union. I know not what
gentlemen mean by this; it is too indefinite; it
may mean something or nothing. The position
of Georgia has already been announced upon this
floor by my colleague, [Mr. Crawford.] It is
the deliberate and unanimous opinion of every
Democratic Representative from Georgia, and of
both Senators, that in the event of the election of
William H. Seward to the Presidency, or any
Black Republican advocating his extreme views,
Georgia ought at once to dissolve her connection
with this Government. Georgid has already laid
down her "ultimatumshe has solemnly de-
clared, in convention assembled, that in the event
Congress should repeal or essentially modify tho
fugitive slave law, or should place the slavery re-
striction upon any'of the Territories-of the Uni-
ted States, she would disrupt every tie that binds
her to this Union. The first contingency has al-
ready virtually happened, nearlyevcrynon-slave-
holding State having nullified the fugitive slave
law by their legislative enactments. Upon tho
inauguration of a Black Republican President, the
other will soon follow. I know the people whom
I have the honor, in part, to represent. They
feel keenly the wrongs they have suffered, in com-
mon with their southern confederates. This posi-
tion of Georgia has been solemnly and deliber-
ately taken; and I trust, when the time comes,
she will redeem her pledge. It is not forme, how-
ever to dictate. I can only advise. And whatever
position Georgia shall assume, in that eventful
crisis, I shall bo found acting with her. My first
and last allegiance is due to Georgia. It is to her
I owe all that I am, and all 'that I cxpcct to be.
I was born, reared, and educated within her lim-
its. Beneath the sods of her valleys sleep the
bones of my fathers; upon her soil I expect to
rest this tenement of clay when my earthly pil-
grimage is over. And come weal or woe, come
storm or sunshine, I shall always be found 'bat-
tling, to the best of my humble abilities, for her
rights, her interest, her safety, and her honor.
I am like my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Crawford.] I want this question settled at once;
settled in my day. I am heartily sick and tired
of this everlasting wrangling anout a question
upon which we are to have no peace. I have lost
all hope of seeing it settled by united concert of .
action among the southern States. In my judg- *
mcnt, the only way it over will be settled, will be I
by separate State action. Let any one of the slave |f
States lead off by secession, ana the rest will fol-
low. It seems to mc it would be very appropriate
for Virginia to take the lead in this great southern
movement. Her patriotic sons were among tho
first to declare for independence from the British
yoke. She gave birth to a Washington, a Henry,
a Jefferson, a Madison. The tomb of the immortal
Father of his Country is within her limits. The
first overt act of hostility has been committed
upon her soil. I have every confidence in the
valor and patriotism of the Old Dominion. If,
then, a Black Republican President shall be elect-
ed in November, let Virginia, the mother of states-
men, lead off by secession, and every southern
State will follow. Let her do this, and, my word
for it, the future historian will record of Virginia,
that Virginia was free, that she dared to be free, and
that she saved the honor and liberty of the entire
South.
TIIE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. E. JOY MORRIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In tiie House of Representatives,
Jlpril 24, 1860.
Tlic House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state ot tho Union—
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise to discuss a practical ques-
tion—one which is, or ought to be, entirely free
from sectional jealousies, and which, more nearly
than any other, affects the personal welfare of
every citizen of the Republic—I mean the revision
of the tariff, as proposed by the bill from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, now pending before
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I regard this measure as one which op-
erates alike on our individual and national inter-
ests.
Whatever may be said of the disturbing influ-
ences of European events and legislation on our
trade and industry, it is undeniable that, to a great
