252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
7
extent, we are masters of our own fortunes. If
our legislation is so directed as to encourage do-
mestic industry, and to defend it against hostile
attacks from rival nations, it will flourish until it
attains to such a maturity and self-sustaining ca-
pacity as to no longer need governmental aid and
protection. This assertion the history of every
European nation will confirm, and none more sig-
nificantly than that of England, the great work-
shop of the world. Having referred at large to
passages in the history of that country illustrative
of this proposition, in previous speeches before
this body on the tariff question, I shall not now
specially allude to them. The immense manu-
facturing wealth of England, the annual product
of which now amounts to about eight hundred
million dollars, is the fruit of the self-protecting
legislation of that country, steadily pursued for
three centuries, and is, in itself, the best vindica-
tion of the pursuance of a similar policy in this
country. All legislation is, to a ccrtain extent,
experimental; and its effect on the welfare of na-
tions and people can only be determined by long-
tried experience. When that experience is of a
uniformly beneficial character, there can be no
doubt of the wisdom of the legislation thus thor-
oughly tested by time. From the speculations of
theorists, 1 appeal to fact; from the ideal notions
of the political cmpiric, who, deceived by sounding
names and Utopian schemes, believes that ail na-
tions may be governed by the same policy, with-
out reference to thciractual condition, I appeal to
the stern realities of historical truth.
If, turning a deaf ear to the warning voice of
history, we shall pursue an opposite policy to that
adopted by the nations of the Old World, wc must
not be disappointed if different results are the con-
sequence. If we shall treat the claims of industry
and labor with cold neglect, we must expect to see
the progress of the nation, in all the true elements
of power and independence, arrested or retarded.
Certain it is, if we disregard our own interests,
we shall only promote the welfare of other nations
at our own expense. When the tariff is framed
with any other view than that of advancing the
prosperity of this country, it is to all intents and
purposes an anti-American tariff, and might as
well have been enacted in the British Parliament
or the French Senate. If we wish to impoverish
the country by promoting a drain of (he precious
metals, it is only necessary to reduce the duties
to such a low scale as to discourage home produc-
tion, and invite the excessive importation of for-
eign goods. We thus crush the native manufac-
turer, while we enrich his foreign competitor; we
starve the American woiking classes, while we
afford employment to the artisans of Europe.
If we desire to discourage (he investment of
capital in arts and manufactures, wc have only to
adopt the ideas of free trade so industriously propa-
gated by the great manufacturing monopolist of
Europe, and so practically repudiated by the pre-
vious history of England, when her ability to com-
pete with the combined industry of the world was
not so triumphantly demonstrated as it is at the
present day. The attempt of the Democratic
party, at different periods, to renounce the pro-
tective policy, and to approximate our revenue
legislation to a free-trade standard, has been at-
tended by most disastrous consequences. Its per-
fidious destruction of the tariff of 184"2, one of the
most patriotic acts ever passed by an American
Congiess, and which, during the brief term of its
existence, was the source of immense benefits to
the whole country,annihilated millions of capital,
and brought poverty and distress to the cottage of
the laborer and the abodc^of opulence. From
that act, of treason to American interests we have
not yet entirely recovered, and years must elapse
before the losses it occasioned will be repaired.
Nothing but such a healing legislation as that
proposed by the tariff bill now under considera-
tion will effectually lemedy the mischiefs entailed
on the nation by the repeal of the tariff of 1840.
In vain may it be said that the North and South
have not an equal share in the benefits of the pro-
tective policy. The time was when the great states-
men of all parts of the country, in the Revolution-
ary era of our history, when patriotism was not
overborne by local prejudice and narrow-minded
views, thought alike on this subject. Had the
generous ideas of Washington and Jefferson, on
the necessity and expediency of stimulating the
growth of home manufactures, and the develop-
ment of our inexhaustible mineral treasures, been
permanently stamped on the tariff laws enacted
from the origin of the Government to this day,
our wealth and productive power would have been
more than doubled. _The spectacle of a busy peo-
ple, whose industry was carefully guarded and
sustained by the Government, would have at-
tracted much greater numbers of immigrants from
the Old World than have settled among us; and
our population would have largely exceeded its
present numbers.
But the day of national patriotism is past, and
in its place is substituted a contracted devotion to
petty interests and sectional animosities. The
enlarged nationality of the earlier days of the Re-
public lias given way to other feelings, and we
arc rapidly verging to a condition in which wc
shall take more pride irt being citizen* of States
than members of the leading nation of the wo rid—
the foremost in the race of political and intellectual
liberty, and one which exercises a greater moral
influence on human destiny than any that ever
preceded it on the page of history.
Why should the South regard the question of
protection as peculiarly a northern one? Is it
not to the interest of the grower of cotton to in-
crease the number of consumers of the raw mate-
rial which flourishes so luxuriantly in the fields
of South Carolina and Georgia? Strike down
the American cotton manufacturer, blot out from
existence every cotton mill in the free States, and
make Europe the exclusive market for the sale
of American cotton, and you would inevitably
lessen the price of the raw material by reducing
the competition for its purchase. The rivalry
between our cotton manufactures and those of
England has been the chief cause of the remuner-
ative price that has been paid for cotton for the
last twenty years. Increase the manufacture, and
thereby lessen the cost of fabrics, and you will
undoubtedly render the production more profit-
able and the demand for the raw material more
steady as you augmeftt consumption.
Why should not the South itself become a man-
ufactming region, possessed as it is of the raw
material, with every advantage of water power
and facility of transportation by navigable streams
to the gieat outlets of the West and the Gulf of
Mexico? Why should the people of the South
send the raw material to Europe to be fabricated,
and to be relumed to them for consumption, with
the superadded expenses of two ocean voyages,
when it lies at'their very doors, and they have
but to set the loom and spindle at work in the cot-
ton districts to save the extra cost of transporta-
tion? With equal mechanical skill, cotton can
be manufactured in the South at a less cost than
elsewhere, in Euiope or America. Whyshould
the iron of Tennessee, Kentucky, Georgia, and j
Virginia, be sent to England to be converted into
rails for roads in those States, when it can be
manufactured at home with greater economy of
cost, if our tariff legislation be not adverse to the
native fabrication?
Were the slave States destitute of natural wealth,
were they but sparsely endowed with the useful
minerals, and their soils sterile and unproductive,
there might be a show of reason for the hostility
of late years manifested by some of their chief
statesmen against protection m any shape, direct
or incidental. But when the contrary is the fact,
attested as it is by immense beds of the most val-
uable iron ores in North Carolina, Virginia, Geor-
gia, and Tennessee, lying almost side by side with
inexhaustible deposits of coal, it is inconceivable
that the people of those and other States of the
South, similarly endowed by nature, should per-
mit their most vital interests to be disregarded by
their Representatives in Congress. To no part
of the country would the tariff of 1842 have been
more productive of benefit than to the cotton-
growing and iron-producing States of the South
and Southwest. Its maintenance would have at-
tracted a large immigration of free labor to those
States, thus increasing their wealth in men and
means, and enabling them to maintain an influen-
tial position in the Federal Legislature.
Whatever maybe said of the injurious influ-
ences of slave labor on free labor, the latter will
go wherever it finds encouragement. If the South
had united with the North in a system of legisla-
tion, whose aim was equally beneficial to labor
and capital, it would have been the greatest gainer,
for it would have eventually rendered itself inde-
pendent in the principal branches of manufacture.
Capital will go wherever it can secure the most
productive returns, and it carries labor with it. It
is only because they arc repelled by unfriendly
legislation thatthoy have not migrated to the South
to a greater degree, from the less propitious regions
of the North; and that the South remains almost
exclusively a producer and consumer, while it
possesses greater facilities than any other region
for manufacturing purposes.
The time may not be distant when the South,
waging up to a true perception of its interests,
may be, as it once was, a strong advocate of pro-
tection, and the North become indifferent or an-
tagonistical to it. Now, therefore, while both
sections can have an evidently fair participation
in its benefits, is the time for the South to insist
on such a modificationof the tariff asafcvill conduce
to its own immediate welfare. If it be necessary,
as its Representatives urge, for the peace of the
country and the preservation of the rights and
institutions of the South, for that section to pre-
serve its ancient power and position in the coun-
cils of the nation, it can only be done by an
increase of population, through the general intro-
duction of manufactures. As a planting region,
the population must necessarily be scarce, and
densely inhabited cities, the product of commerce
and manufactures, comparatively rare.
I said, sir, in the outset of my remarks, that
this is also a question that affects the personal
welfare of every citizen of the Republic, as well
as that of the whole body of the nation. The
tiuth of this remark is almost too apparent to
need illustration. If you so legislate a*3 to en-
courage foreign industry to the detriment of our
own, you close the doors of American mills, fac-
tories and furnaces;because the country becomes
glutted with imported fabrics to such an extent
as to prevent the sale of American manufactures.
The wages of labor fall with the decline of the
profits of the capitalist in the first instance; and
in the end, owing to the inability to sustain com-
petition with foioign fabrics thrown upon our
market from the overstocked marts of Europe,
to sell for what they will bring, operations are
altogether suspended, and multitudes of industri-
ous operatives, with dependent families, are de-
prived of the means of obtaining an honest liveli-
hood. Thousands of men, in such seasons of
industrial depression, may be seen parading tl>e
streets clamoring for work and finding none, idle-
ness and want lead to crime and misery and vices
which react on the whole body-politic. The
steady employment of the masses should be the
first care of every Christian and enlightened Gov-
ernment, and of none more so than that of a Re-
public like our own, founded by the people for
their common benefit. If such is the policy of
a ruler like Louis Napoleon, it certainly oughtto
be that of a free and popular Government, such
as we have inherited from our ancestors.
Any one who has lived m the vicinity of a
manufacturing city or village, knows the disas-
trous influences of a stoppage of its industrial
establishments on the interests of the farmers of
the surrounding country. The demand for agri-
cultural and garden products is suddenly abated;
and instead of having a reliable maiket at his own
door, where his gram and vegetables and fruits
always meet a ready sale, the farmer is obliged
to carry them, at great expense of time and money,
to distant markets, or to sell them in his own
vicinage for ruinous prices. The domestic de-
mand being lessened, by the inability to buy, the
prices of breadstuff's decline to such rates as to
discourage agricultural industry and to diminish
the vital productions of the country. It is only
after years of painful effort that we recover from
the disastrous effects of such blighting legislation.
The remoter an agricultural region lies from
manufacturing sites, the lower is the price that its
products command. In exemplification, I might
refer to the farther grain districts of the West,
where, notwithstanding a prolific virgin soil, un-
