1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
and get out of them, by virtue of your laws, money
to Jo the same thing. What sort of conscientious
regard for the principles of the Constitutions this?
"1 cannot do it directly, but I can do it indirectly
and yet the object is denounced as unconstitu-
tional to be accomplished by your po.wer; yet
your power is accomplishing it m the on-e way as
much as in the other. It is altogether idle, it is
altogether technical and formal to argue anything
to the contrary.
Sir, there are two questions here: one is the
power of Congress; and the other is, in every par-
ticular instance, the expediency of exercising the
power in that instance. It seems to me that my
friend from Georgia confounds them. lie argues
against the constitutional power because it would
be abused; he argues against the constitutional
power because it would inevitably lead to the
plunder of the Treasury by persons who, for local
interests, would be voting money for these im-
provements.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me correct my friend. I
say that was the argument used for not granting
the power in the framing of the Constitution; and
reported by Mr. Madison in his account of the
debates of the convention.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is in vain now to
assert that there is a total absence of power to
make improvements in Congress. Nobedy has
a right to assert it. No one has higher regard for
the opinion of my honorable tn«nd from Georgia
than I; but it belongs to no one to say that there
is no power in the Constitution for this purpose;
that it is a ekar case, when Congresses have dif-
fered on the subject, when Presidents have dif-
fered, when it has been a question of debate among
the wisest men of the country, from the beginning
of the Government almost to this time; if not from
the beginning of the Government, at least from
the day when we had money enough to accom-
plish such purposes. It is in vam for any of us
now to claim to settle the question by a mere dic-
tum that there is no such power. It must be ad-
mitted to be a question of dispute, at least, when
men of such ability and such standing and char-
acter have for a series of Congresses—ages, I may
almostsay—entertained different opinions on such
a subject. The least we can say is, that here
there is a subject for interpretation and construc-
tion. I put it upon that point; I take it in that
view; but I am one of those who, from first to
last, have come to the; conclusion that the power
does exist; and I have voted for the exercise of it,
on every proper occasion, for thirty years. I
have not only heard a question made whether it
existed, but I have seen it carried, over and over
again, by the ablest men who ever sat in this
body—Clay, Webster, and a long train of names
in favor of it: on the other side, Mr. Calhoun.
Then, if it be said that there is not a question, I
say there is a question. We must assume it to
be so; and the point is, how is thatquestion to be
determined? It ought to be determined. Ought
it eternally to remain a subject of controversy ?
A vague and unsettled policy ought not to exist
forever about this matter; and the question is, how
ought it to be settled?
It is reduced now, and has been for some time,
to a contest between the President of the United
States and the Congress of the United States.
Who ought to yield on this question? We have
passed bills making such appropriations. Tho
President has returned us vetoes for our bills.
When we ask for appropriations, he has given us
vetoes. We ask for bread and he gives us a stone.
How long is this to last5 According to rational and
acknowledged principles, acknowledged among
all men, how ought it to be settled? There may
be an accumulation of authority to wh^ch a man
must at last yield, not so much because he is ac-
tually convinced, as because a rule has been estab-
lished on such authority that the good of society
demands that it shall be recognized and conformed
to as the rule of action In your courts of justice
it prevails; in society it prevails everywhere; in
all the affairs of men it prevails as a necessity, a
matter of common reason.
Tire gentleman from Georgia, however, puts
this on the footing of setting up the popular will
against the Constitution of the United States. I
uo not view it in that light. If the whole people
of the United States have honestly, in the inter-
'pretation of their Constitution, derived the power
io make internal improvements, is not that a very
high authority? Suppose that that which we call
the popular will is to be regarded as the popular
judgment upon a question propounded to the whole
people, and the whole people should say there is
m the Constitution a power to appropriate money
to make internal improvements: is it decent, is it
becoming, is it in the constitutional character of
the Chief Magistrate of the country to say, E am
of a different opinion; 1 look on the Constitution,
and I say there is no power to do this? Are we
to rest on the mere arbitrary ipse dixit of a Pres-
ident11 The people have a right to pass theirjudg-
ment; and when we have gathered their judgment
through tho regular organization of their Govern-
ment, we have obtained a high degree of informa-
tion on the subject. Here three Congresses have
passed this very law, and three Presidents have
vetoed it. Here are throe successive Congresses,
consisting each of three hundred of the wise men
of the country—and here is one President; three
Presidents—against nine hundred of the wise men
of the country, and they clothed with authority
to construe the Constitution as well as the Pres-
ident. These three bodies—majorities of them—
united in the passage of this bill, and a President
still stands up and opposes his single opinion, and
elevates himself in the exercise of this sort of sov-
ereignty, and this sort of defiance of the opinions
of everybody else.
I say, sir, that it is for the good of the country
that the contest, should be put an end to, in some
way or other; and the question is, upon princi-
ple, who ought to yield? I take it for granted,
that the. judgment of the country, whenever it can
be ascertained, ought to control in the construc-
tion of the Constitution. I know of 110 other rule.
The will of the people is not to be so utterly dis-
regard* d. Not that I would substitute the casual
w ill of the people foi the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Suites. That is not what I mean by the will
of the people on this question. What 1 mean by
it is, the judgment ot the people upon the con-
struction of tlie Constitution, in relation to this
power. I say, their construction is to be respected
and regarded. The construction of Congress is
to be respected and regarded. So the construc-
tion of the President is to be. ]jut when these
shall come, ultimately, to be weighed m the scales,
in order to arrive at a settled and certain rule,
which is the heaviest, and which is most to be
regarded? Ought the majority to yield to the
minority? Tile hundreds to the single individual
who happens to be President? Is that the way
the question ought to be settled; or ought it, in
our judgment, to be settled according to the weight
of authority on the other side5 I think it ought
to be so; and I think it is the duty of the first
magistrate of the land to be the first to yield, him-
self, to that authority which construes the Con-
stitution, giving their due weight to the people
and to all the other constitutional bodies that form
the Government. They outweigh him. He ought
to say so. Mr. Madison, in effect, said so.
Mi. Madison was opposed to a particular act;
but at last, after Congress had acted, after the
country had acquiesced, after a judgment openly
in favor of the exercise of the power, which was
ascertained, Mr. Madison himself declined to veto
a bill, yielding expressly his great mind to this
high authority. It is not because a judge has
changed his mind that he acquiesces in the judg-
ment which was given the day before by tho same
tribunal. He acquiesces because the decisions
ought to be regarded as authority. They are a
higher authority, and he conforms his judgment
to them. I do not say we are bound to do it ex-
actly in the same manner, or to follow precedent
with exactly the same readiness as they; butstill
we cannot disregard these authorities; we must
see the necessity of settling the question, and the
inquiry remains, how to settle it? I say not in
the presidential mode of perpetual vetoes against
the perpetual will of the people and the judgment
of Congress; but he ought, as the executor of the
laws of the land, to take the laws of the land as
he finds them construed by the proper and the
weightier departments of the Government. When
that is ascertained, it is his duty to follow. I
think it is his duty to follow here, and I legrct
that lie ha* not thought proper to do so. I have
no dispute of the fact that the Prcsidenthas acted
conscientiously; but I regret that he has taken a
course which I do not tlunk is conformable ex-
actly to the presidential duty on a question of this
sort; and I shall be willing, for one, to persist in
voting against the presidential opinion, and in
passing this bill, no matter how many vetoes it
may receive. I shall vote for it until, at last,
there is such an accumulation of authority, that
no President can stand up and say "no" to the
laws of Congress on this subject.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President, it is with
much diffidence that I hazard any opinions on the
question under consideration before the Senate
to-day, and especially as my views run directly in
conflict with the opinions expressed by the distin- .
guishedSenatorfrom Kentucky; but I am disposed
to lay my mite here upon the altar of our common
country to aid, if possible, in the rescue of the
Constitution. I am one of those who believe that
all the difficulties that this country labors under,
arise from a misapprehension—I say it with great
deference, but I really believe it—a misapprehen-
sion of some of the most distinguished men that
this country has ever produced, as to the form of
Government under which we are living. Why,
sir, there was the most distinguished man that
this country has ever seen, Daniel Webster, "the
great expounder of the Constitution," as he was
called; and i hazard the assertion that if there was
a single thing about which he was more pro-
foundly ignorant than any man in the United
States, it was the Constitution of the United
States. Senators upon the other side of the Sen-
ate smile; but, sir, I will take the Senator from
Kentucky's own rule, and apply it to Mr. Web-
ster, and claim a verdict of a jury summoned
from that side of the Senate. Upon the question
of the bank; upon the question of the tariff; upon
the question of internal improvements; upon the
question of the distribution of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands; upon every single great
question upon which parties have divided in this
country, Mr. Webster was on one side and the
people on the other. Then the Senator from
Kentucky snya the people ought to be permitted
to construe their own Constitution. If so, and
then* judgment was right, I say Mr. Webster was
wrong; and it is a most extraordinary thing that
the great expounder should never, on a single
question that has agitated the public mind, one
single time, by accident, have been right.
Sir, from the organization of this Government
to the present time, there have been two parties,
one for.a latitudinarian construction of the Con-
stitution, and the other for a strict construction;
and I may as well say now, though itis possibly
not germane to the question, that I am one of
those who believe that the slavery question is not
the disease under which the body-politic is suffer-
ing. I believe slavery is not the question upon
which the Government is going to be wrecked, and
even the Union destroyed, ifdestroyed it ever is;
but it is nationalism. If to-morrow the inhabit-
ants of Massachusetts could be made Democrats,
abolitionism would be dead. If the Senator from
Massachusetts could be made to comprehend what
is the form of Government under which he is liv-
ing, he would quit the abolition society, and we
should have some peace and quiet here, and we
should discuss questions of practical importance
to the country, instead of wasting away two
months of the time of the country in discussing
abstractions with which we have no concern
whatever. Why is it that they have not aboli-
tion societies to abolish the slave trade and slavery
in Constantinople? Why is it that i|i Boston
they have not these societies? _ I suppose those
people to have sympathies with white women,
and that when you speak of selling Circassian
and Greek girls to malignant, turbaned Turks,
whether they beat the Venetians and traduce the
State or not, they would have some sympathy
with them. Then why, I ask, are there not abo-
lition societies in the town of Boston for breaking
up slavery and the slave trade in Constantinople ?
Whynot isocietyfor breaking up the slave trade
which is carried on in Cuba, m the face of trea-
ties ? Simply because they know that this Gov-
ernment has no jurisdiction over the matter. Why
is it that they wish to interfere with slavery in
Texas, South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland—all
over the country ? It is because they labor under
the misapprehension that this Government has
jurisdiction. They are nationalists. They be-
lieve that when the Constitution was ordained and
established by the States, when it became binding
between them, State lines were obliterated and
