I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the suppression of the slave trade with Africa
a moans of filling her plantations with Africans,
held to luboi by her la^vs, while professing to be
engaged in the work of preventing the importa-
tion of slaves, eo as to increase the sum of her
agricultural capacity in her tropical colonies. I,
for one, om unwilling that a course, prompted by
the purest selfishness, should be tolerated on the
part of Great Britain, and which she is enabled
to make effective under the specious covering of
a pretended zeal for the suppression of the African
slave trade, while that which we pursue under
the operation of the same treaty imposes upon
our people great pecuniary burdens, which, it is
more than likely, will, if this state of things con-
tinues, be augmented from year to year. I wish
to see an end put to this course of proceeding on
the part of Great Britain; and it is for that pur-
pose I have prepared my amendment. 4
I propose to strike out the proviso which au-
thorizes the President to make, in the future, new
contracts, and to leave the whole matter open for
the consideration of Congress. The adoption of
the amendment will have the effect of calling the
attention of the Executive of the nation to the ne-
cessity for some negotiation in relation to this
matter, so that we may wait events before we take
any decisive action for the inauguration of a per-
manent system.
Mr. REYNOLDS. Mr. Speaker, this bill
merely proposes to carry out existing laws, in
respect to the prohibition of the slave trade, and
substantially embodies the recommendations of
the President in his rcccnt messages in regard to
the capture of Africans who are now at Key
"West. It is a Senate bill; and the Committee on
the Judiciary have reported it back with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, with two amend-
ments. One amendment is to increase the limit
of the price, in that part of the bill where the
President is authorized to make contracts for the
support of these negroes, from $100 to §150 each;
and the other amendment is to increase the ap-
propriation from $200,000 to $250,000.
The main provisions of the bill, indeed all of
them, with one exception, are but a reenactment,
in some sense, of the act of 1819. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BARR. I hope the demand for the pre-
vious question will be withdrawn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope an opportunity
will be afforded me to move an amendment, to
test the sense of the House. I desire to move
to strike out the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth
lines of the first section -
These lines are in the following words:
"And to provide the %aid negroes, mulattoes and persons
of color, with comfortable clothing, f-heltei, and provisions
tor a period not exceeding one year from the date of their
being landed on the coast of Africa."
Wow, Mr. Speaker, I want to vote on this j
amendment. The gentleman from*New York de- 1
nies us the privilege of discussing it by calling the j
previous question; and it would be important for j
the House to understand this question before it is 1
called upon to vote for or against it. I ask the j
gentleman to let this matter go over to some other j
day, or at least not to call the previous question at ;
this particular time, so that we can have an oppor- I
tunityof examining the law and discussing it, and
satisfying such gentleman as have not considered
this question, that there is no authority under the
law of 1819 by which the President of the United
States can tax our Treasury to support negi oes in
Africa otie year after they are i etui ned there. There |
is not the first line in the act of 1819, there is no^!
the first word in any line, that requires, or justi-
fies, or permits the President of the United States
to support one year in Africa these negroes after
being returned, i desire, and I ask, as a matter
of justice to the minority on this sideof the House,
that this bill shall not be forced through under the
power of the previous question, thus taxing the
people of the United States for the support of wild
Afiicans one year on the coast of Africa out of
OU1 Treasury, while our own white children can-
not have any such aid.
Will the gentleman allow us an opportunity to
discuss this question?
Mr. REYNOLDS, t will say in response to '
the proposition of the honorable gentleman from
Georgia 
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order.
Iperccive that this bill contains ail appropriation,
and therefore it should first be considered in the
Committee of the -Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
pointof order, considering the objection as waived,
because the bill has been under consideration for
some time.
Mr. WINSLOW. Why, ithas been brought
up just this moment, as I understand.
The SPEAKER. It was discussed by two or
three gentlemen, and the Chair thinks it is now
too late to raise the objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask 
Mr. REYNOLDS. I cannot give way now.
I desire to say, in response to the suggestion of
the honorable gentleman from Georgia, that the
proposition which he submits involves the only
question in dispute about this bill. It involves
the entire question. I understand the gentleman
to say that in the net of 1819 there is not a line or
word that authorizes the President of the United
States to support these Africansaftcr their return
to the coast of Africa. I beg leave to say to tho
honorable gentleman, that immediately after the
passage of the act of 1819, a question arose as to
whether the President was authorized under it to
provide for the support of Africans after their re-
turn to the coast of Africa, or whether it was the
intention of Congress to have them returned at
the expense of the Government, and thrown on
that coast entirely unprotected and uncared for.
Mr. President Monroe, in a message in Decem-
ber, 1819, suggested that question to Congress,
and gave his own construction of the act, which
was, that under its provisions he was authorized
to provide for the support and maintenance of
Africans so returned until such time as they might
be able to take care of themselves, and to prevent
their being recaptured as slaves. He suggested
to that Congress that if that was not the intention
of the act, ft had better be amended before any
further proceedings were had under it. No action
was had on the subject, and President Monroe
proceeded to carry out the act according to his
own interpretation of it; and it has been so carried
out by the executive department of the Govern-
ment from that time to the present.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Docs not the gentleman
remember. 
Mr. REYNOLDS. I cannot give way yet. In
1858, when tho slaver Echo was captured, the
present President made a contract with the Colo-
nization Society, in pmsuance- of the constiuction
given by President Monroe, to suppoit these Afri-
cans for one year at the rate ot $150 each; and he
asked the last Congress to make an appropriation
of$75,000for the purpose of carrying out tlmt con-
tract.
By reference to the bill passed March 3, 1859,
the gentleman will find that that Congress appro-
priated §75,000 to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States " to carry into effect the act of Congress
of March 3, 1819, and any subsequent acts now
in force for the suppression of the slave trade."
Thus, sir, we have a uniform interpretation of
this act of 1819, on the part of the President and
of Congress, that it was the duty of the Govern-
ment to provide for these persons after their return
to the coast of Africa.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me tosay this? When this ques-
tion was discussed before in the House of ltcp-'
•resentatives, in 1859, it was actually denied on
the floor of the House that any such use was to
be made of the §75,000 as was charged at that
time. I expfessly stated then that the iaw of 1819
authorized no such expenditure, and it was the
opinion of very many gentlemen besides that I
was right. It was actually denied then that it
could be used under the law for the purpose of
supporting, maintaining, and educating these Af-
ricans for the space of one year. So that the
gentleman from New York can take nothing by
that precedent. We were then, however, like we
are now—unable to get a separate vote, so as to
settle the question of construction upon that act.
Mr. REYNOLDS. 1 know not how that may
be; but one thing is certain, that the Presideiitsent
a message to Congress in 1859, advising Congress
that he had made a contract with the Colonization
Society to support these Africans one year at a
certain price, and asked an appropriation for the
purpose of earryingitout,and Congress granted it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
the exact state of the question. I understand that
the gentleman from New York has just, reported
this bill. • - -
Mr. TRAIN. It was reported on- the 31st of
May.
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported last
Friday. • •
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia: Then, having re-
ported the bill, the question is now called up in
what way, I should like to know ?
The SPEAKER. Under the right given to the
committee to report at any time, which carries
with it the right to have it considered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair will
recollect that I objected to the report on Friday,
and the measure went over until to-day, as I sup-
pose. It has not been stirred since; and I desire
now to know how this discussion has sprung up
on this bill at this time. I know—and the Chair
is well apprised of it also—that there is a rule
which requires bills making appropriations to be
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. Now, here is a section in
this bill 
The SPEAKER. There is no question that
the bill does make an appropriation; but after a
subject is taken up and considered and discussed,
the objection is waived, and it has been always
decided that then an objection comes too late.
The Chair has already decided in this case that
the objection came too late. The point has been
made already by the gentleman fr<jm North Car-
olina, [Mr. VVinslow.1
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I submit the point of
order that no further discussion on that point is
in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina made the point, and the Chair decided it;
and therefore the Chair cannot listen to it again.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course, I donot
desire or intend to embarrass the Chair; but do I
understand ilmt the Chair means to decide that
when a bill is reported and called up, unless there
be immediate objection, the rules of the House
are set aside ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
when the House is asked to consider a bill, and
no objection is made to it, it is an acquiescence on
the part of the House to go into that subject.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has this bill been
read a second time ?
The SPEAKER. It has been read a second
time. The Chair would most respectfuly say to
the gentleman that everything has been done in
order, and a great deal of pains taken to have the
rules observed. [Laughter.] Thegentleman from
New York [Mr. Reynolds] has risen over and
over again; he is not out of place, but he is ex-
actly in place. [Laughter/l
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. "JVill the Chair
oblige mo by having read the rule on the subject
of referring appropriation bills to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill have the rule
read for the benefitof the gen'lcman; but lie fully
concedes the rule that all bills making appropria-
tions must be first considered in a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think the rule is
important; and 1 ask the Chair to dome the favor
to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
til' fii-' t.di' < U^secl in a Committee of tile VVhok- Douse."
Mr. REYNOLDS. I must insist upon my call
for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Virginia that debate is not in order.
The Chair has made his decision, and no appeal
has been taken.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I appeal from the
decision of the Chuir.
Mi. BINGHAM. I submit that the appeal
comes too late.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I have the right to take an
appeal; and I insist on my right.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman takes an
•appeal, the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 call for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
