I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i ms
determined to pass one—strike out the names of
those corporators and adopt this last section of
the bill, leaving out the first part in referenoe
to these persons failing to file their acceptance.
Change the last section, and make it the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury to receive sealed
propositions to build this line of telegraph, and to
give it out to the lowest bidder, provided the sum
to be paid by the Government shall not exceed
$40,000 per year. By that course gentlemen will
perceive that you give to all the telegraph lines in
the country a chance for competition, and give to
private enterprise everywhere the advantage of
free competition in this great undertaking. Is
anybody injured by that? Have the gentlemen
named in this bill any right to be made exclusive
corporators in this grant over other citizens? If
not,l say, strike out the names and insert the pro-
vision I have named, which will throw open wide
the door to enable all to come in and compete for
the bonus from the Federal Treasury.
Mr. BURCH. Will the gentleman 
Mr. BUIIKETT. I must decline.
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman asked a ques-
tion, and I suppose he wants an answer. lie
asks if the gentlemen named in this bill have done
anything to entitle them to consideration over
other parties. I say that the gentlemen named in
this act have already built five hundred miles of
telegraph line from the Pacific coast, through the
Washoe mines, towards the Mississippi river.
Mr. BURNETT. To the gentleman's remark,
I answer that there is a man, Mr. O'Reilly, who,
I believe, projected and constructed the first line
of telegraph connecting the sea-board with the
Lakes and the Mississippi, and who says that he
will, with his associates, build this line without
the aid of money, if the Government will give
them the right of way, as conferred in this bill.
Mr. BURCH. I understand that this very same
man proposed to the Senate to build this same line
for $70,000 a year from the Government, and now
the gentleman from Kentucky cites his action as
an argument against this bill.
Mr. BURNETT. Suppose he did? We know
him to be a man of enterprise; and he has dem-
onstrated that by his past history. I only desire
that the provisions of this bill shall be such as to
enable him, the pioneer in telegraphing, to come
in competition with these other gentkmen. He
certainly has some .claim, and ought to he per-
mitted at least to come in competition with these
other gentlemen. The gentleman says he wanted
a subsidy of $70,000. The case is just like that
of every other man who seeks aid from the Gov-
ernment—like every other project that we have
here for Government aid, either for railroads or
for telegraphs. They saw that the Congress of
the United States was disposed to vote a bonus to
those who might establish a line of telegraph from
the Atlantic to the Pacific coast. Hence, Mr.
O'Reilly came and put in his bid for $70,000; and
I suppose other men have come in and offered to
take $40,000. There is a saving of $30,000 be-
tween last Congress and this. That is, in my
judgment, a conclusive argument that the course
which I suggest is a correct one.
Mr. BURCH. I think that Mr. O'Reilly's offer
of $70^,000 was made at this Congress. It may
have been made, however, at the last Congress.
Mr. COLFAX. I think I can state something
on this point, if the gentleman from Kentucky
wishes to hear it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will hear the gentleman;
for I am in search of light.
Mr. COLFAX. When this bill was pending
before the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I was a good deal like the gentleman from
Kentucky. I thought that an annual subsidy of
§50,000 was too large; and I made up my mind
that I should not be willing to report in favor of
over $40,000. I thought that the messages of the
Government would probably amount to that sum,
and, therefore, that the Government would not
lose a cent by the subsidy. Mr. O'Reilly and
Mr. Smoot did me the honor to call on me. Mr.
Smoot is an old friend and personal acquaintance
of mine; but I had no previous acquaintance with
Mr. O 'Reilly. In conversation with them, on the
subject, I asked whether they would like to have
this line  .
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot permit the gentle-
man to make a speech here. If he will answer my
suggestion, I will hear him.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr.,0'Reilly and Mr. Smoot
told me they would be willing to take $40,000 sub-,
sidy, and three dollars for a single message; and
that if we would give the contract to this com-
pany, at these rates, they would have no objec-
tion, provided we inserted a provision compelling
them to receive messages from competing linos.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Has not the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a right to conclude the argument in this
case ?
Mr. COLFAX. Certainly; but I wanted to an-
swer the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think we have
enough at this time.
Mr. BURNETT. I was remarking, Mr. Speak-
er, that the reason for the course suggested by my-
self will be made manifest when it is taken into
consideration that, within the short period of one
year, the amount asked for subsidy was lessened
from $70,000 to §50,000. The amount put in by
the Senate was §50,000. The bill came into the
House; and then these gentlemen, becoming un-
easy for fear they could not get §400,000 from the
Treasury—§40,000 per annum for ten years—were
willing to take §100,000 less, with all the exclusive
rights of a monopoly conferred upon them by the
provisions of this bill. Hence they agreed with
the Post Office Committee to take §40,000. Now,
if these changes have taken place withir%twelve
months, why not let us adopt the provision of the
last section of the bill, and require all these parties
to bring their several interests into competition with
each other, permit these parties to putin their bids
in writing, rind require them to take the Govern-
ment contract at the smallest subsidy, limiting it
to the amount fixed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads ?
Is there any injustice done to these parties, any
wronginfiicted on anybody, by that course ? None
at all; and it does seem to me that if we are de-
termined to pass this bill, that is the mode and
course which should be adopted.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one more remark in con-
nection with this bill. It is true that it limits, to
some extent, the charge for telegraphing, the price
to be paid for sending messages. 1 know nothing
about the tariff of charges for telegraphing through-
out the country. I cannot, therefore, speak of my
own personal knowledge. But I am informed by
those who have experience in this thing, who
have a full knowledge of the prices and terms on
which telegraphic messages are sent, that the rate
of charges fixed in this bill is exorbitant. I know
nothing abdut this myself; I merely throw it out
for the consideration of gentlemen. The statement
is made that you not only cpnfcr on this company
a monopoly, but you permit it to charge exorbi-
tant prices at the expense of the commercial men
of the country. While we are conferring these
exclusive privileges on this band of private cor-
porators, let us at least attempt to take care of the
great interests of commerce and of all other in-
terests connected with it, by fixing the tariff of
prices so that there can be no extortion from those
who use the line.
These suggestions have presented themselves
to i*y mind. There are other objections to this
bill—numberless objections, that might be urged;
but these, it seems to me, are sufficient to defeat
the bill. If not—and I must confess that I have
but little hope of defeating it—I do appeal to the
friends of the bill to perfect it, so as to protect all
the interests of commerce against the exclusive
rights granted under this bill.
Mr. STANTON. Permit me to ask a ques-
tion for infonftation. I want to vote for this bill.
Will any gentleman explain to me why it is that
these same gentlemen may not contract for this
line without having their names inserted in the
bill, and why others may not be furnished with
opportunities also ofbidding lower if they choose,
giving ample security for the performance of their
contiact ? That is what I want to know. What
is the necessity of having the privilege exclusively
confined to those named in the bill, of taking it
at the rates specified ? Why might not the ob-
ject be as well accomplished by letting these gen-
tlemen put in their bids without having their
names in the bill ? I want to vote for the bill;
but I see no reason why the privilege of bidding
should not be extended to others besides the gen-
tlemen named.
Mr. CONKLING. I will endeavor to answer
the question of the gentleman from Ohio in a mo-
ment. But let me say, in the first place, that I
should have been glad to vote for this bill pre-
cisely as it came from the Senate, providing for
a subsidy of §50,000, instead of $40,000, Jind
establishing four dollars as the price of a single
message, instead of three dollars. If J had been
permitted to vote for the bill as it stood, I should
have done so, knowing,.in the first place, that the
rate of telegraphing thus established was much
lower than the tariff existing on any telegraphic
line on this continent.
Mr. COLFAX. Or the other.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend says, " or the
othor.'' That would be speaking somewhat be-
yond the bounds of my knowledge; but I affirm
what I first stated, without fear of contradiction.
I should have supported the bill with pleasure,
knowing, as ^happen to do, several of the gen-
tlemen whose names appear in it; members of
both political parties, and mostof them,1 believe,
of that party to which I do not belong; knowing
them to be men, both as regards means and char-
acter, eminently safe to be selected and chosen to
occupy a position like that proposed, and to hold
with the Government relationships of responsi-
bility and trust. I know that they have, by rea-
son of their possessing the patents, the connec-
tions, the capital, and the experience, the facilities
ngcessary to construct this line, costing, as I un-
derstand it will, from six hundred .thousand to
one million dollars; which outlay must be made
completely before any revenue can be derived
from the Government or elsewhere, and before
the contracts provided for can be entered into.
In thi3 last statement, I answer, in part, the
suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] and I will answer it further, by saying
that if this proposition were thrown open forbids
—a principle of action which, in its general appli-
cation, I fully admit to be wise—the simple re-
sult would bo that competing parties, so far from
carrying out and consummating this great enter-
prise, would be turned loose upon the very men
named in this bill, they being the only parties who
can now carry forward a -work of this sort, and
it would lead to their submitting either to harass-
ing demands, interference, and compromises,or(it
would tend to impede, to delay, and to frustrate
the whole scheme. I have considered, therefore,
ever since this bill was first brought to myknowl-
edge, that it constituted a clear exception to that
general rule adverted to by the gentleman from
Kentucky, and again hinted at by the gentleman
from Ohio, in obedience to which this contract
would have been thrown open for general and
universal competition. So much as to tha-t.
But, sir, I rose for a purpose which I have not
yet reached. It was to express my astonishment
that the gentleman, from Kentucky, [Mr. Bur-
nett]—although I suppose he is one of the great
constitutional leaders of the Democratic party—
should venture to criticise upon constitutional
grounds a bill which has received the sanction of
a very large majority of the Democratic Senate, a
higher body, in some respects, than even this.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
says " No." I am told that there are upwards of
sixty candidates for the Presidency in that body.
[Laughter.] My friend says that there are more
than that here. Well, I say that wherever there
are sixty hopeful candidates for the Presidency in
a body no larger than the Senate, it can hardly
fail to be a constitutional tribunal of very great
authority and weight.
Mr. STEVENS,of Pennsylvania. Thosecan-
didates for the Presidency would go for any bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, I knowthey will do
a great many things; but I do not feel called upon
at this time to give this House gratuitously an
opinion whether they will go for any bill or not.
Now, I want to say, m answer to the learned gen-
tleman from Kentucky, that, whether Congress
has power—using his expression—to build tele-
graphic lines or not, 1 rather think Congress has
power to authorize the Government to pay for tha
transmission of its telegraphic messages. It cer-
tainly has had power to send ships thousands of
miles over oceans to carry special messengers to
transact the very business embraced in the pur-
view of this bill; and it certainly has the power, *
in any way, to enter into a contract with gentlemea
calling themselves a telegraphic company, or with
men known by any other title, to transmit such
