670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
State governments abolished. They believe that
svgrcat consolidated central power was established,
a power as unlimited in its control over the do-
mestic affairs of this country as the British Par-
liament over England; and hence it is, believing
that this Government has the power, tliey feel
responsible for the "sin," and they begin to in-
quire into the fact as to whether it is a sin or not.
The Senator from Kentucky says that the Pres-
ident is setting himself up against the judgment of
the people. The Senator from Kentucky says
that there is a conflict between Congress and the
President. I deny that there is any such conflict.
If that train of argument is to be indulged inhere-
after on these questions, w<5 shall hear before very
long of the presumption 011 the part of this body
in setting itself up against the judgment of the
body that assembles in the other wing of the Cap-
itol. The Senators from Rhode Island will be told
that they represent some one hundred or one hun-
dred anu fifty thousand inhabitants, and yet have
two votes here. We shall be told that the other
body represents th'S people, and that it is in accord-
ance witli American institutions that the popular
will should prevail. Sir, these arguments would
have been all very appropriate had they been pre-
sented to those men who drafted the Constitution,
or had they been presented in those State conven-
tions which ratified the Constitution, and made it
binding between the States; but they have no per-
tinency here; none whatever. There is 110 con-
flict between the President of the United States
and the Congress of the United States upon this
question of internal improvements.
The Constitution of the United States, in the
seventh section of the first article, says, that
u Every hill, which chilli have passed the IIon<o of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate, shall, before it becomes a law,
be presented to the President ot the United States.5,1
This is a section of that article which organ-
izes the legislative department:
" If he'approve, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall re-
turn it, with his objections, to that lloiwi in which itbluUI
have originated, who shall enter the objections at huge on
their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it.''
The Constitution of the United States does not
say that, if there shall be ascertained to be a pop-
ular majority in favor of it, he shall sign it; but
the States who ratified this Constitution", and who
made it the supreme law of the land, who estab-
lished the framework of the Government under
which we are living, declared not that if there
was a popular majority in favor of a particular i
measure, but that if the President himself ap-;
proved it, then he should sign it; otherwise ho
should not:
" If, after such reconsideration, two thirds of that House
shall agree to pass the bill, it shall be sent, together with
the objection*, to the other Uou«?, bv which it shall like-
wise be reeonstdeiod, and if approved by two thhdsof that
House, it shall become a law."
The next clause is the one 011 which I shall
make a very brief comment:
" But in all such ca«es the votes of both Hon«os shall be
deteiimned by yeas and nays,and the name-sot the persons
voting foi and against the hill -drill be entered on the Jour-,
nal ot each House respectively."
Why,when it is returned, require a vote of two
thirds; why require the call of the yeas and nays;
why provide that the nam°s shall be recorded ?
It is precisely becausc the framers of the Consti-
tution deemed it unwise to establish agovernment
of popular majorities. In the first placc, the Con-
gress of the United States is divided into three
departments. There is a House of Representa-
tives; then there is a Senate; then there is the
President. A bill is introduced in one, and there
it is discussed; the other House absent, and the
President presumed to be absent. It comes as if
it were de novo into the second department, and
there it is again discussed; and if there it receives
a majority, whether upon a call of the yeas and
nays is a matter of no consequence, it is sent to
the President, and he a third time considers it,
and if he approves it, then it becomes a law; but
if he disapproves it, he is to send his objections in
writing and they are to bo put on the Journal,
and then the yeas and nays are to be called. Why?
Because a presumption has been raised against
the wisdom and the constitutionality of the meas-
ure, and the framers of the Constitution deemed
it prudent that every man who voted against a
presidential veto should have his name published
and go to hisconstituents on thatquestion. Then,
I say, that this idea of popular majorities was
entirely ignored, and it was to creatc checks and
balances m this Government that every law had
to pass through this slow process of being voted
upon by both Houses separately, and approved
by the President.
The Senator from Kentucky, then, I apprehend,
is mistaken in saying that there is a conflict be-
tween Congress and the President. It is merely
one branch of Congress differing from the others;
and with as much reason could he object to our
position in reference to a particular measure, if it
had passed the other House and we refused to
pass it, as he can to the position of the President
in objecting to a bill when it has passed the two
Houses. The three together compose the Con-
gress, and it is a mere difference between differ-
ent departments of the Congress.
The Senator speaks of the national opinion and
the national will, and says the President should
yield to it. I deny that there is any nation here.
There are thirty-three nations, who are confed-
erated. We have no nation, we have no name;
butGeorgia and Florida, and A'lississippi andOr-
egon,and the other States, with names and nation-
alities, are confederated together, and have agreed
with each other to exercise some of their sover-
eign powers conjointly through a common agency,
that is, in common parlance, called the Federal
Government; but there is no such nation as the
United States. There are no such people as the
people of the United States. There are thirty-
three different peoples, who are confederated to-
gether. There is no nation; we have no national
name: we have no national existence. The Con-
stitution was not adopted by the people of the
United States as one community or as one na-
tion.
The Constitution of the United States was
drafted by ministers plenipotentiary and envoys
extraordinary, who met in a Congress to settle a
treaty between thchigh contractingpartics. Those
men met together for the purpose of altering and
amending the old Articles of Confederation; but
they chose to go beyond the scope of their pow-
ers, and to draft this Constitution. When it was
duifted, it was blank paper; it was referred back
to the States, and by them it was ratified; and the
seventh at tide of the Constitution shows what
sort of Government was established, when it de-
clares, m terms too plain to be misunderstood, that
when this Constitution is ratified byyiino States it
shall be binding " between the States so ratifying
the same." it was ratified by the States; it is
binding between the States; and we here assemble
together for the purpose of exercising such pow-
ers as the States have authorized us to exercise,
and none other. What are those powers ? Iam
not going into a discussion of the internal im-
provement question. 1 have not had an opportu-
nity of reading the message of the President on
this subject, and had no idea that the question
would sprmgup to-day; but there were some asser-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky that fell so
harshly on my ears, being one of the straitest of
the sect of State-rights men, that I could not re-
frain from entering my protest against it, as he
did against the President of the United States vio-
lating the will and opinion of the nation.
Now, sir, we arc heie for this purpose; and I
am one of those who believe that this Government
is authorized only to exercise those powers that
are enumerated m the Constitution,or such powers
as are both necessary and proper for carrying into
effect an enumerate® power. I ask, then, where
is this power enumerated, or to carry out what
enumerated power is it both necessary and proper
that we should take money from the Federal
Treasury to clear out a mud flat in one of the
northern lakes ? Where is the power? Mr. Clay
once called n a vagrant power; it was wandering
through the Constitution generally. One man
found it in one clause, and another in another, and
a third m a third; but nobody could locate it.
Where is the power? When the Constitution of
the United States was drafted, this matter was
under the consideration of the framers of that in-
strument; and they provided that any State might,
with theconsentof Congress, lay imposts or duties
on imports or exports. A State may, with the
consent of Congress, do that, and even beyond
what is necessary for executing its inspection laws:
" And the net produce ot afl duties and imposts, laid by
any State on imports or exports, shall be foi the n<e of the
Treasury of the United States.
If the Senators on the other side desire to have
their domestic industry protected, here is the
most convenient clause m the world; and i appre-
hend that there is not any Senator, upon this s.de
of the Chamber at least, who would not willingly
vote that Massachusetts should have a law laying
duties both upon exports or imports coming into
or going from the town of Boston; and we will
take it into the Treasury, and they may increase
the tariff to their hearts' content, and protect their
domestic industry by making those pay the piper
who do the dancing. Let them pass such a bill
and send it here; and, my word for it, we will
ratify it, and 110 man shall bring any article into
Massachusetts without paying a duty of one hun-
dred per cent, ad valorem, or two hundred or five
hundred per cent., if she wants it; and the people
of Massachusetts will then pay the increased
price and their manufactures be protected: but
what we protest against is, that we shall be made
to pay the duty and they get the profits.
You will observe, that in that case the proceeds
go into the FederalTroasury. The next clause is,
that any State may, with the consent of Congress,
have the power to "lay any duty of tonnage,"
but it docs not say that that shall go into the Fed-
eral Treasury ; and why the distinction between the
two5 Itwas expressly because it was intended,
by the States which formed and ratified the Con-
stitution, that, as they had taken away from the
States themselves the power to pass general im-
post duties, and they weie left with no means to
support their own State governments except di-
rect taxes, they should, with the consent of Con-
gress, have the right to levy tonnage duties to
clear out their own harbors and rivers, and carry
on their own internal improvements. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky says he does not perceive the
force of the President's reason, and that we are at-
tempting to do indirectly what we deny the power
to dodirectly. It docs not strike me so. If you take
money from the Federal Treasury, to clean out a
harbor, I know where the money comes from. In
Texas we ha\ e paid it, in the other southern States
we have paid it, under a tariff taxation; and whilst
it has been collected from the people of the United
States, generally, it is appropriated to a single lo-
cal improvement. That I regard as not only un-
constitutional, but as wrong morally. But, when
you say that the people who live in the town that
has grown up in the neighborhood of this harbor
shall have a right to tax the tonnage, and use the
money for clearing out the harbor, then I under-
stand that the thing works equitably, though it is
still a tax. Those who go in there, or who go out,
those who are interested directly in havinga good
harbor, pay the tonnage duty; and it is a matter
of no consequence to us whether the tonnage du-
ties are five dollars or five hundred thousand dol-
lars. I care not how much they get during the
year. If they choose to raise their tonnage duties
to such an extent as to break up their commerce,
let them do it. If they choose to put them down
to moderate rates, let them do it. They are to do
the dancing, and let them pay the piper. I see,
then, a vast difference, which the Senator from
Kentucky does not see, between taking money
from the Federal Treasury and cleaning out har-
bors and rivers with it, or taxing the tonnage
locally and having it done.
Rat in addition, and outside of this question of
fnorality and justice, I say that here stands the
Constitution. It not only contains no power to
the General Government, 111 my judgment, to carry
011 a system of internal improvements, but it has
given the very power to the States themselves,
and the expressio unius must, it seems to me, be
construed to be the exclusw alteriui. Having des-
ignated the manner in which the money shall be
raised, it excludes the idea that it can be raised
elsewhere, or in any other manner.
I have trespassed, sir, longer on the patience
of the Senate than I had intended. I rose, not to
discuss that question so much, as, because I in-
tended voting to sustain the veto message of the
President, to express simply my dissentfrom the
opinion of the Senator from Kentucky, that the
President should be governed by the nopular
opinion; and, in order to do that, I intended to
show that ours was a Government of cheeks and
balances; that it was wise in its inception; that,
in addition to that, the President was a part of
the legislative department of the Government; and
that the charge that he should be governed by tho
