254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
[April 24,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
■where are they supposed to be more frequent
than at the custom-house in New York. They
are an inseparable concomitant^ad valorem du-
ties. In the same speech, Mr. Webster presented
the following letter, which in itself is conclusive
testimony of the undue advantage these duties
give to the foreign over the American importer:
Troy, July 14, 1846.
Sir : Agreeably to your wish, I avail myself' of this op-
portunity to give vou the benefit of my experience in mer-
cantile and manufacturing business, hoping it may tend to
an improvement of the bill now pending in the Senate, for
the collection oi duties. I hope members of Congress will
have the same views of the probable lesults which I an-
ticipate ; which are, that the system of ad valorem duties
does give the foreign importer and manufacturer a vciy un-
due .advantage over the American importer. This will be
apparent from my own expeuence, which I give you an-
nexed. My brother and myself were brought up in the
town of Manchester, and well acquainted with the manu-
facturers and manufacturing. At the age of twenty years
it aiuieared very evident to me that we could finish goods
ancrR&port goods into New York about ten pei cent, lower
than the American merchant; and with thin conviction I
agreed to come out to New Yoilc and dispose of the goods,
and leave toy biothcr to finish and forward the goods.
The result was equal to oui expectations. Vve imported
our goods ten per cent, cheaper than our competitor*, and,
by the ad valorem duties, we paid neatly five per cent, less
duties; so that, in twenty-two year-?, we made neatly a
million dollars, while nearly all the American merchants
failed. Now, I reason, what has been, will be; and s-hould
the present tariff bill pas?, it will give the foreign manufac-
turer a decidcd advantage, and tend to leduce the rate of
duties lower than is anticipated. And I cannot avoid ex-
pressing my decided opinion in favor of s-pecific duties, as
then the foreign manufacturer would pay the same duties
as the American importer.
UENJAMIN MARSHALL.
Le Grand Cannon, Esq.
The above is practical testimony, from ft com-
petent witness, of the unequal operation of ad
valorem duties, and of the superior advantages
they give to the foreign importer. As a natural
result, the foreign importing trade is passing out of
American into foreign hands, and our citizens are
ruined,, while foreigners arc enriched. The great
fortunes thus unjustly acquired do not add to the
capital of this country, but are invested and spent
in Europe.
Messrs. Richards & Brothers, of Philadelphia,
manufacturers of glass, in a letter to a coninultcc
of the Hoard of Trade uf that city, give the fol-
lowing statement of the undervaluation on for-
eign glass:
" The ad valorem system of duties is a great ovil to the
Government, as well as to the manufaotiuer^. (t causes
a degree of undervaluation perfectly astounding; thus de-
frauding the Government, and injuring home interests. Tin-
duty on window glass is nominally fifteen pijr cent., but
owing to undervaluation, it is not more than five per cent.
Under thetauiTof 184a, when the duties were specific, the
average valuation of oylindei window gla^s was—sny in
the yeai 184(5—about nine cents per squaie foot; wheieas
under the ad valorem tariff of JS'16—>ay in the year Ifc07—
the average valuation was only about tinee cents p;-i square
foot; though the mipouer  were payma higher puces at
Antwerp, in 1857, than they were in 184(5, and the^izes im-
ported at the hitter time were larger and much more valu-
able than in foimer years. Showing mo-t c omitiMvoIy that
the cylindci window glass unpolled in l*v 7 w:h underval-
ued atlea-4 sixty-six per cent., thus subjecting it to about
only one third duty, or neaily the same duty as soda ash,
the raw material."
Is it not the extreme of folly to persist in a sys-
tem which drives capital from anions us"> winch
sacrifices the honest American merchant to the
remorseless cupidity of European traders; and
■which isgradually dispossessing our own people
of any share in the importing business? No won-
der the great German, English, and French im-
porters contribute so liberally to the electioneering
funds of the Democratic party, which is the re-
sponsible party for the maintenance of this anti-
American system of duties.
No well-founded objection can be made to the
specific duties in the bill before us. They are
based on tile average range of ad valorem duties,
for a series of years, under the existing tariff and
that of 18-1G. The proposed duty of twelve dol-
lars per ton on railroad iron is about the same as
thirty-sax million of railroad iron, calculated at ap-
praisement prices, yielded in the six years ending
July 1, 1859, namely, $12 10 per ton. The price
of bar iron, says an intelligent writer in the Phil-
adelphia Press, in the five years ending June 30,
1857, was $52 23 per ton, yielding, at thirty per
cent., a duty of §15 G6. The specific duty m the
House bill is fifteen dollars. The duty on pig
iron for the same five years was at the rate oi
$5 31 per ton. The specific duty asked is six
dollars, which, as this writer remarks, is a differ-
ence which concerns the manufacturer more than
the consumer. The same moderate range of spe-
cific duties characterizes the whole bill of the com-
mittee.
The American merchant has too much self-
respect to perjure himself, for the sake of making
a fortune, by defraudingtheGovernmentwith false
invoices. He has a manly pride of character,
which shrinks from such base and criminal prac-
tices. He knows that a character for integrity and
truth is a distinction of priceless value in a coun-
try where men are esteemed rather for their moral
worth than for the millions of gold they may
possess. The city which I have the honor, sir, in
part to represent, has always been distinguished
for the high standard of integrity of its merchants,
and for their fidelity to business obligations under
the most trying circumstances. During the late
disastrous revulsion in trade, they maintained as
a body, a steady and undismayed front, sustained
each other during the fury of thc-panic, and finally
rode out the gale, with less loss to their creditors
than to themselves. Their conduct in that fear-
ful crisis reflected honor on themselves and the
city which owes so much to their enterprise, lib-
eral benefactions, and public spirit.
As if the ad valorem duties were not a sufficient
bounty to the foreign importer, the warehousing
system is superadded to render the exclusive par-
tiality for his interests complete. The foreign
importer, by this means, can store away his goods
and select his own time of sale. Unlike the Amer-
ican manufacturer, he is not obliged to sacrifice
his goods on a falling market; but he can wait
until prices rise, and he can sell at a profit. In
the first placc, ad valorem duties allow him to in-
troduce his goods at a lower rate of duty than his
American competitor; and, secondly, we kindly
protect him against loss, by furnishing him with
the means of housing his goods, until he can best
promote his own interests in their sale or reex-
portation. Our tariff legislation, in truth, seems,
under Democratic auspices, to be solely directed
to the welfare of the foreigner, and to the injury
of the American merchant and manufacturer.
The Government warehouses are like the wooden
horse introduced by the Greeks into Troy, filled
with weapons of destruction, and with secret nns-
cliief. When our manufacturers are recovering
from the havoc of hostile legislation, the doors of
these receptacles of foreign goods are suddenly
opened, and their interests are again stricken down
by this hidden foe. The pending bill proposes an
important reform in the warehousing system,
which will obviate most of the objections to it in its
present shape. It requires that all goods, wares,
or merchandise, imported from foreign countries,
and entered for warehousing, sluill be withdrawn
from the public stores within thirty days from the
time and date of the entry, for domestic consump-
tion; and the duties thereon shall be duly paid in
cash at the time of such withdrawal, or be there-
after prohibited from being withdrawn, except for
the purpose of exportation beyond the limits of
the United States.
A committee of the Board of Trade of Philadel-
phia, in an able and instructive report on the evils
of our present tariff system, conclude a review of
the whole subject with the following practical
suggestions:
With a permanent tariff of specific and moderately pro-
tective duties, payable m cash at the time of importation,
and with the total abolition of the warehousing system,
which operates exclusively against the American impoiter,
as well as the domestic pi'oducer, your committee believe,
fiom the testimony before them, that the evils now afflict-
ing the countiy would be remedied, its industry revived,
and general prosperity again revived.".
[ recently presented to the House several pe-
titionsfrom Philadelphia, signed by merchants in
the foreign trade, as well as by others, asking
these reforms m our tariff system.
In contrast with the policy represented in the
tariff bill before us, sir, we are pointed to the ex-
ariiple of France, which, it is said, has recently
abandoned protection, and adopted absolute free
trade. It would indeed be strange if so sagacious
and enlightened a sovereign as Napoleon III. had
made such a radical revolution in the tariff legis-
lation of that country. He is incapable of such
a fatal blunder. The true aim of the recent change
in the French tariff is the encouragement of native
industry, by removing duties on the most im-
portant of the raw materials. The report to the
Emperor, by the Secretary of the Ministerial De-
partment, of the new tariSprojet, opens as follows:
"The programme traced in the letter of your Majesty to
his Minister of State declared it as one of the bases of a new
economic regime to inaugurate in France the freeing of the
raw* materials which furnish labor tor industry. Among
these materials, wool and cotton play an important part; for,
whether used separately or together, these two filaments
lend themselves wonderfully to all mdustnal applications.
To exonerate them from the customs duties, which they
still pay, is, then, a measure of the greatest utility, and one
which will be recognized as a proof of the constant solici-
tude of your Majesty, not only for the manufacturing in- '
terest, which will be enabled to supply itself on favoiablc
terms, but also for the consumer, upon whom at last falls
the cost of this tax. It may be said, besides, that the sup-
pression of duties upon wool and cotton Is one of the ne-
cessities induced by the new positioiFof our industry, the
countries with which it is brought into competition, most
especially England, receiving these two filaments entirely
lree. The only interest really injured will be that of the
treasury, to which the duties on wool and cotton, as well
as on other raw materials, of which I propose to change the
tariff, have produced 111 1858, after deducting bounties paid
on the expoitation of yarns and fabrics of wool and cotton,
a net amount of 19,487,481f."
It is expressly stated, in this report, that to ex-
onerate wool and cotton from the customs duties,
which they still pay, is a measure of the great-
est utility, and one which will be recognized as
a proof of the constant solicitudc of Napoleon
for both the manufacturer and consumer. An-
other reason for the abolition of duties on these
filaments is because England receives them en-
tirely free; thus putting the French manufacturer'
on a footing of equality with his English rival.
It is becausc the duties on those articles have re-
dounded to the injury of the French manufacturer
that they are now abated. While this change is
made for the benefit of manufactures, the French
shipping interest is protected by the discrimina-
tion made in its favor. Wools unmanufactured,
by sea, in French vessels from countries out of
Europe, are free; from other places, three francs
for one hundred kilogrammes; by foreign vessels,
live francs for one hundred kilogrammes. Cotton,
the same. To show that a careful regard is had to
the industrial interests of France, in these modifi-
cations,! refer to the following passage from the
same report:
" While anions the raw materials wool and rotton play
the inobt important pait, complete satisfaction would not
be given to the industrial interests of the countiy if the re-
form ofthc tariffs was not extended to the secondary agents
of manufaetuies, among winch dyestuffs figure conspicu-
ously. Ot these theic are fourteen of which I propose to
reform the taiiff, and comprising chiefly coehmral, indigo,
saffron, buckthorn, roucon, the lacs, the tinctorial lich-
ens," &c.
"Complete satisfaction" is sought to be given
to the manufacturing interest, it is said. How
jealous is the care of this important branch of
national production manifested by the French
Government, and how favorably does it contrast
with the cold-blooded indifference evinced by the
legislation of the Democratic party to the same
interest in this country. Lest the manufactur-
ers should suffer some immediate loss by these
alterations in the tariff, the Emperor offers to loan
them $8,000,000 to assist them in the purchase of
new machinery. Could any Government mani-
fest a more tender care of the most sensitive inter-
ests of its people?
Thirty per cent, is charged on all articles of
English manufacture competing with French fab-
rics, calculated on the value at the place of pro-
duction or fabrication of the object imported, with
the addition of the cost of transport, insurance,
and commission, neccssary for the importation
into France as far as the port of discharge. ^ If
the custom-house authorities shall he of opinion*
•that the declared value is insufficient, they shall
be at liljprty to take the goods, on paying to the
importer the price declared, with the addition of
five per cent. A very effectual safeguard against
ad valorem frauds, and which ought to be intro-
duced mto our own tariff.
By article thirteen of the commercial conven-
tion between France and England, it is provided
that these ad valorem duties shall be converted
into specific duties by a supplementary conven-
tion, to*be concluded before the 1st of July, 1860.
Sufficient evidence is this provision in itself of the
opinion of the French Government as to the mis-
chievous tendencies of ad valorem duties.
