1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12.
intelligence as the Government may have occasion
to send from the Atlantic ocean to the Pacific
slope. Now, that is all that this bill proposes—not
that the Government is to build a line of telegraph,
but.that the Government is to be authorized to
enter into a contract with these'gentlemen for the
transmission of messages at a specified rate, they
to have priority over all other persons if seeking
to use the line; and no such contract to be entered
into, and no money to be paid, until the line is
completed, and the entire outlay has been made.
Now, I should like to know from the gentleman
from Kentucky, or from the most critical or hyper-
critical gentleman on this floor, whether his inge-
nuity can point out a mode in which the Govern-
ment can contract for the performance of this
service on terms of greater restriction and hedged
about with safeguards and provisions more likely
to secure certainty, economy, and all the consid-
erations constituting the propriety of a measure
of tliis so'rt, than those which have been inserted
in this bill?
Now, sir, it is not that the Government is to
'build thistelegraphicline; itisnottlmttheGovern-
ment is to endow private corporators with special
franchises, privileges, or immunities; but simply
that Congress is to fix an amount to be paid for a
given service, predicated upon data, figures, and
probabilities, which shall not be too large a sum;
and that having so fixed it, they shall agree to pa^y
it to particular men, selected on account of their
peculiar fitness for the purpose, who, in return,
undertake to render aft equivalent in service. That
is all there is of it. If there were more, I might
go into an argument on the various incidents and
conseqtienccs of this bill, which would bring much
larger powers than it implies, within the enume-
rated powers given to Congress by the Constitu-
tion. But it is enough for me to know that such
is the limited scope of the measure, that the Gov-
erment is to become a mere contractor for definite
and necessary services—services which, as has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and as was certi-
fied by the late Governor Marey, and by several
other Secretaries of State, will be of yearly, per-
haps of monthly, convenience, and of enormous
saving to the Government.
Now, it seems to me all this talk about the ex-
traordinary character of this bill vanishes. I be-
lieve that these parties are, in alj, respects, the fit
men with whom to make this contract; and 1 be-
lieve that the bill is sufficiently restricted. It is a
very simple proposition, and has been subjected,
by the committee of this House, to reductions
which have cut down the charge for messages bo-
! i\v that point which, I am informed by experts
on this subject, is the minimum of adequate com-
pensation. For one, I shall vote for the bill with
great pleasure, although, at the same time, I shall
recognize many of the general principles which
have been asserted here in opposition to it.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, as a member of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post lloads,
this has been to me a subject of earnest considera-
tion and mature deliberation; and I wish to say a
few words m reply to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Bdrnett.] In regard to his consti-
tutional objections, I must say that I am no lawyer.
I am, sir, a merchant. I was somewhat surprised,
however, that such an objection should be made by
a distinguished and learned lawyerof this House.
As, however, h'is constitutional argument has been
so ably answered tyy the gentleman from New
York, I will not make a single remark upon it;
but in reply to the other objections made by tliegen-
tleman from Kentucky, 1 will say a few words.
I will say, that so far as I am concerned as a
member of that committee, I was opposed to the
bill in the first place; and the objections which
were urged by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] were the very objections which I
urged in the committee against the enactment of
this bill as it came from the Senate. But, sir, if
all these objections have not been obviated by the
amendments which the committee has reported to
this House, then the committee have been ex-
ceedingly unfortunate in framing those amend-
ments.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, no man is more
opposed to exclusive monopolies than I am, and,
as a general principle, I am opposed to all monop-
olies; but I do not consider that this bill encour-
ages an exclusive monopoly. The committee
did not intend, and I do not believe the bill as
amended by them grants, any exclusive privileges.
On the contrary, it will be as free and open to
competition after the passage of this bill as it is
now before the passage of the bill. The bill sim-
ply provides that the Government shall simply
agree to pay the sum of $40,000 per annum for
ten years for telegraphing all its communications
to the Pacific coast; and there is not a gentleman
on this floor who does not know enough of the
wants of the Government to be convinced that, so
far as that sum is concerned, it is a mere bagatelle.
Forty thousand dollars is nothing atall to this Gov-
ernment compared with the advantages and ben-
efits which the Government will derive from the
establishment of a line of telegraph to the Pacific.
I should not consider the sum of $100,000 per an-
num of the slightest consequence whatever com-
pared with the advantages the Government will
obtain from this line, to say nothing of the ad-
vantages the people at large will derive from it.
That, sir, is my view of this matter, and when-
I was represented as being opposed to the estab-
lishment, with the aid of the Government, of a
telegraphic line of communication to the Pacific,
I said, I am not opposed to such a line; on the
contrary, I would vote $100,000 a year subsidy,
if necessary,for the accomplishment of that pur-
pose; but I believed that $40,000 was a sufficient
sum tojgive these gentlemen, and I was opposed
to giving them anymore,and I based this opinion
upon i"bliable data, as I believed; for, sir, I wish
to say to the members of this House that I have
gone into this subject fully, I have calculated its
cost, and have ascertained the probable amount
of the revenue of this line. So far as its advant-
ages are concerned they are incalculable to the
American people. I suppose there isnot a mem-
ber upon this floor who doubts the great advant-
ages to the people of the whole country, independ-
ent of those of the General Government, of the
establishment of a telegraphic line to the Pacific
ocean; and the only question to be considered by
the House is whether this is as good a bill as
can be obtained, and whether the sum of money
proposed to be paid by the Government is suffi-
ciently small. I will say that, in my judgment, it
is. I believe that if this is thrown open to com-
petition—and let me say to gentlemen here that
that was my first deliberate conclusion as the only
fair, just, and proper mode of establishing a tele-
graphic line; I have faithfully and conscientiously
examined this subject from beginning to end; the
committee have had nearly a dozen special meet-
ings upon it, I have conferred with these parties
and with other gentlemen connectcd with tele-
graphic companies having full knowledge upon
this subject, and it is my deliberate and firm con-
viction, that, if this matter is thrown open to com-
petition, situated as these corporators are, it will
involve, for another year at least, the loss of a
telegraphic line to the Pacific, and so believing, I
have given my assent to the provisions of this bill.
When I consider the vast consequences and the
vast interests which the Government has in the
establishment of such a line of communication,
and feeling, as I do most sincerely, that to throw
the matter open to competition would defer*.the
building of the line foryears, I could not consent
that it should be done.
Now, sir, in regard to the objection urged to
this bill by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] that ltgives to these men the exclusive
ri^ht to a quarter section of land every fifteen
miles along the route, not only for ten years, but
forever, I reply that the committee did not intend
to do any such thing; the corporators do not un-
derstand that they have got any such thing, and
it seems to me. that language could not convey
any stronger impression to the contrary than the
language of this bill. If they have not provided
against it, they have been exceedingly unfortu-
nate, in their choice of language, for that was their
intention.
The gentleman again objects, that the bill pro-
vides that the money shall foe paid upon the ac-
ceptance of the contract. I say again to the gen-
tleman, in reference to that point, that every man
upon the committee would be opposed to such a
provision. For myself, much as I desire the es-
tablishment of a telegraphic line to California, I
would not consent that the Government should be
liable to such an imposition, if we never obtained
such a line of communication from now till dooms-
day; and if it is thought by the House that the
bill is not sufficiently explicit in that regard, let
an amendment be offered that cannot be suscepti-
ble of any such misunderstanding, and I will give
my vote for it, although I believe the bill as re-
ported by the committee is liable to no such con-
struction.
Now, sir, in regard to the provision in the third
section and twelfth line, to the effect that mes-
sages received through any company or over any
telegraph line connected with this shall be impar-
tially transmitted in the order of their reception,
with the, exception that the dispatches of the Gov-
ernmentshall have priority, that is an amendment,
as you will see, to the Senate bill, and one which
I regard.as of great significance; and it removes a
great objection which existed against the Senate
bill, urged by the press of the country; for it
cannot be denied that great abuses have existed
heretofore, by a disregard of this principle, in op-
crating other telegraphic lines.
That, sir, is a provision which I deem of great
importance, and of vital interest to the people of
this country.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr..Burnett]
says that this bill confers an exclusive monopoly.
I deny it. As I remarked before, the matter will
be open to competition just as much afterthe pas-
sage of the bill as it was before, with the excep-
tion that the Government agrees to transmit its
communications over this line, paying a moder-
ate sum theiefor. With that exception, it has no
privilege, no monopoly, nothing but what every-
body would bo willing to grant.
Mr. HOARD. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts says that he has estimated the probable
cost and the revenue of this line of telegraph. I
would be glad if he would enlighten the House as
to that probable cost and revenue. Before he an-
swers that question, I would ask him to state,
likewise, what probably would be the capacity of
the line.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say, in reply to the in-
terrogatories of the gentleman from New York,
that I have investigated the whole matter, and
satisfied myself of the probable cost, revenue, and
capacity of this line of telegraph. From the best
information I could obtain from the most enlight-
ened sources, I have come to the conclusion that
the sum provided in the bill is about as low as the
thing can be afforded.
Mr. HOARD. State the cost.
Mr. ALLEY. I will state my judgment of it.
Mr. HOARD. That is what we want.
Mr. ALLEY. My judgment is, that the cost
will be inside of $690,000. In that I differ with
some members of the committee, and with the in-
corporators, and with many gentlemen connected
with telegraphic lines in the country. I am of the
opinion that the cost will be inside $600,000.
Mr. HOARD. For what length of line ?
Mr. ALLEY. For the length of line proposed.
Mr. HOARD. What is the length of line pro-
posed ?
Mr. ALLEY. About sixteen hundred miles.
Mr. HOARD. Where does the line start from ?
Mr. ALLEY. St.Louis.
Mr. HOARD. The bill says that the line shall
start at any point west of the Mississippi, even
if it be five hundred or a thousand miles west.
Under "the bill, the company can start five hun-
dred or a thousand miles west of the Mississippi,
if they choose.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say, for the information
of the gentleman from New York, that a lino of
telegraph has been already established to St. Jo-
seph, on this side, and from San Francisco, five
hundred miles eastward; leaving an intervening
space to be covered with a line of telegraph of
sixteen or seventeen hundred miles. For that
connecting line of telegraph 1 estimate the cost to
be inside of $600,000. I hardly think that it will
exceed half a-miliion. I allow $600,000.
I will say in reply to the other interrogatory of
the gentleman, that the lowest estimate, with the
exception of that made by one of the members of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
for operating the line, is $200,000per annum. My
own estimate is about $150,000 per annum.
In regard to the capacity of the line, I will say
that it will be able to transmit about thirty mes-
sages an hour. If the line be worked twenty
out of the twenty-four hours, that will make six
hundred messages per day. That is the capacity
