THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth,Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1860.
New Series No. 166.
stipulations with Great Britain, though he doubted
their constitutionality and thought the people
would soon become tired of the burden and of
the drain upon the Treasury just now setting in.
Mr. KE1TT stated that, ifhe had been within
the bar When his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. CURRY. I move to amend the title of
the bill, by inserting in lieu of the present title the
following:
An act to protect and support the Republic of Liberia
in Africa, arid to attach perpetually to the Government of
the United States the American Colonization Society.
The SPEAKER. Debate must be confined to
the amendment to the title of the bill.
A Member. Is debate in order at all?
The SPEAKER. It is, to a limited extent.
Mr. CURRY. I yield to the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, I have no speech
to make. I rise merely to express my regret that
gentlemen on the other side should persist in pre-
cipitating the passage of a measure against the
enactment of which exist, in my judgment, in-
superable difficulties of constitutional objection.
I am not caviling, sir, but am sincere in this opin-
ion; and frankly stating my scruples, I submit the
question to fair-minded gentlemen on both sides
of the Chamber. Let me be understood. I am
not of those who deny altogether the authority of
the Federal Government to suppress the slave
trade. I admit the power; nay, I affirm it. But
what, sir, is the proposition before us? Not to
enact moro stringent legislation against this traffic;
but to inaugurate a policy quite beside and beyond
that object. If the power to prohibit the slave
trade resides in the Federal Government, it is de-
rived from that clause of the Constitution which
Invests Congress with authority 
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Virginia is entering upon a
line of argument to show that there is no consti-
tutional power for the enactment of a bill which
has already passed this House. I make the point
rhat all debate must be now confined to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Alabama to amend
the tale of the bill.
Mr. MXLLSON. I hope that my colleague
will be allowed to go on, and that I will then be
permitted to reply to him.
Mr. BINGHAM. It would be agreeable to
me, personally, to hear a debate on the constitu-
tionality of this bill between the two gentlemen
from Virginia; but there is other business press-
ing upon the House, and this extended debate, I
submit, cannot be indulged in.
Mr, PRYOR. If permitted to proceed, I will
not detain the House more than ten minutes. [Cries
of " Go on
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well, then, I make no
further objection.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, I say if the power
to prohibit the slave trade oxist, it results from
that constitutional provision which authorizes
Congress to regulate the foreign commerce of the
country. But, sir, the trade winch the bill before us
proposes to " regulate," is notcommerce between
the United States and another Government, it
is a commerce carried on between the coast ot
Africa and a colonial dependency of Spam. The
case, 1 submit, is clearly beyond the jurisdiction
of the American Government. The bill makes
Erevision for the suppression of the slave trade
etween the Island of Cuba and the dominions of
Dahomey—ancxertionof powerforwhich no man
can adduce constitutional authority. Wherefore,
I object that the measure before us involves a
flagrant and unjustifiable usurpation.
But again: whatever power the Constitution
confers for the suppression of the slave trade is
restricted to necessary acts of penal and prohib-
itory legislation. Now, the bill before us reaches
far beyond that limitation; inasmuch as it proposes
to embark the Government on a stupendous en-
terprise of humanitarian and missionary propa-
gandists.
166
If Congress may appropriate money from the
public Treasury to the support of negroes in the
interiorof Africafor oneyear, why not for twenty
years, and so ad infinitum? If the Federal Gov-
ernment may appoint and empower agents to look
after the physical welfare of these negroes, why
not also dispatch religious missionaries to pro-
vide for their intellectual and moral culture ? If
it be inhuman to deposit them on the coast of
Africa without subsistence and protection, surely
it is equally unkind and inexcusable to deny
them, while under our jurisdiction, the facilities
of mental and religious improvement. So, sir, I
repeat, in no caviling spirit, my remonstrance
against this measure, 011 the ground of its obvious
and undeniable unconstitutionality. My colleague
[Mr.,Millson] intends to respond to me; and to
him, as well as to the learned patron of the bill,
[Mr. Reynolds,] I appeal for a solution of my
doubts and difficulties.
There is another objection, upon which, if I
were permitted to go into the merits of this meas-
ure, I might rely with infinite effect. Do gentle-
men appreciate the enormous expenditure upon
which the policy of this bill will precipitate the
Government? Do they know that the present
appropriation of $250,000 is only for the support
of a single month's operations in the capture of
slavers ?
Mr. "VVINSLOW. Not for all of them, even.
One carco is not provided for.
Mr. PRYOR. And the officers engaged in the
business inform us that the increase of captures
will probably exceed all calculation. Thus the
policy of this bill contemplates an illimitable per-
spective of expenditure; and that at a period when
an exhausted Treasury cries in vain for replen-
ishment.
But gentlemen say it is inhuman to make no
provision for these wretched beings; and the bill
before us professes to respond to the dictates of
philanthropy. Why, Mr. Speaker, it is a sug-
gestion of benevolent impulse which prompts me
to resist the adoption of this measure. Here
are fifteen hundred miserable Africans snatched
from the inexorable rule of barbarism, rescued
from the remorseless domination of cannibal ty-
rants, and delivered over to the beneficent influ-
ences of Christian civilization; and yet gentlemen,
on the plea of humanity, propose to return them to
the darkness and despotism and pagan degradation
of inhospitable Ethiopia! Ay, but you will cheer
and support them by one year's subsistence and
association with superior intelligences. Is that a
judicious philanthropy? Is it humane, after cre-
ating in the nature o"f these miserable beings a
taste for the artificial conveniences and luxuries
of civilized life, to deliver them back into the deso-
lationof uncultivated and untutored Africa, cursed
with a craving for gratifications which they can-
not realize, and exposed to outrages which their
softened sensibilities cannot endure ? Better far
return them at once into the midst of their ori-
ginal associations, with ideas unenlightened and
passions unsubdued, to struggle for subsistence
among the severe circumstances of savagelife, than
inflame them with a desire for a higher culture,
and spoil them with a sense of greater comfort,
only to drive them back into the bondage of an
absolute and irretrievable barbarism, (jentlemen
may think to evade the force of this objection by
replying that these negroes are delivered into the
guardianship of the Colonization Society.
Mr. Speaker, 1 very much question the disin-
terested and benevolent disposition of the Colo-
nization Society to deal fairly by the helpless
wretches subjected to its control. In the past his-
tory of the colony of Liberia, I find no guarantee
of its philanthropic regard for the welfare of the
negro. If report be true, some citizens of this
sable Republic—-gentlemen of the colored coin*
plexion and personages of high position—-have
themselves participated in the guilt and profits ot
the slave trade. However that may be, and
whether the Government of Liberia be animated
by an unselfish solicitude for the welfare of the
negro race, so much is indisputable: that the en-
ergies and resources of the Liberian Government
are inadequate to the subsistence and protection
of this influx of barbarian population. The in-
habitants of Liberia—I mean the bulk of the pop-
ulation—are now sunk into the abyss of desti-
tution and degradation; and but for occasional
accessions of strength and civilization from this
country, the much-vaunted glory of this fj-ee-
negro Republic would be eclipsed in total and
irreparable darkness.
Mr. RUST. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question? I voted for this bill; but not
without some embarrassment. I would, had I
been permitted, have made several, amendments
to it. The gentleman from Virginia says he is in
favor of suppressing the African slave trade. (Mr
Pryor. Yes, sir.] Now, I ask him, what dis-
position he would make of these Africans?
Mr. PRYOR. I will respond to the gentleman
and then desist, for I have already abused the in-
dulgent courtesy of the House. My friend from
Arkansas demands of me what provision I would
make for these rescued Africans? My answer is
prompt, and, I think, satisfactory—satisfactory, I
am sure, to gentlemen on the other side, by reason
of its origin. In the presentemergency, I commend
for imitation the example of British philanthropy
—a philanthropy always captivating to the Abo-
litionists of America; that British philanthropy
which is the original cause of all sectional agita-
tion in this country; that philanthropy on which
was heard yesterday so enthusiastic a panegyric
in the other end of the Capitol; that British phi-
lanthropy with which New England humanita-
rians taunt the reproached barbarism, of the South;
that philanthropy which imposed upon us the
heavy obligations so grievously felt in the em-
barrassments of this measure—I say, let us be
instructed by the practical wisdom of British phi-
lanthropy; and instead of returning these negroes
to the unrelieved and sterile slavery of Africa, let
us reduce them to a mild and profitable subjection
in this country. This illustrious and attractive
example I commend to gentlemen on the other
side of the House; and following in the path oi
British philanthropy, I propose to submit these
negroes to the regulations of the apprenticeship
system. Do not understand me to claim a mo-
nopoly of their service for the South. If you f.f
the North desire them, we surrender our right of
partition; and that you do desire their presento
and association I cannot doubt, when I see wi:U
what fervor of affection you welcome the fugith e
slave to the bosom of your hospitality.
Take them, and signalize your philanthrop j!
by rescuing these victims of Heaven's maledii.-
tion from the calamities under which they labot,
and imparting to them somewhat of the solid
substance and sweet accessories of civilized life.
Before I resume my seat, Mr. Speaker, I beg
to avow my utter hostility to the revival or pros-
ecution of the slave trade. I would not relax a
solitary law for its suppression. Nor, while I
contest the wisdom of the policy which has in-
volved the diplomacy of the country in entangling
alliances for the proliibilion of the traffic; while I
regret the initiation of that mischievous policy
in" the treaty of Ghent, and still more the rigor-
ous, but abortive, stipulation in the Ashburton
treaty, yet, inasmuch as the faith of the Govern-
ment is solemnly pledged to exert all its energies
against the traffic m African slaves, I would sub-
mit to the obligation until opportunity offered for
a legal and proper escape from its embarrass-
ments, My objection to the particular measure
before us is based upon the ground of its uncon-
stitutionality, its incalculable expense, and its
essential inhumanity.
Mr. MILLSON. The title of this bill is, "An
act to amend an act entitled ' An act in addition
to the acts prohibiting the slave trade."' It fitly
describes the objects of the law. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Curry] moves to amend this
title by declaring that this is a bill to perpetuate
the connection between the Government of the
United States and the Colonization Society. I
never knew before, that there had been any con-
