I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy of the Government—Mr. Eliot.
Ho. of Reps.
France needs coal for the motive power of her
steam navy, which, under Napoleon III., is fully-
equal in efficiency, if not in numbers, to that of
England. A few years since, when England was
agitated by fears of a French invasion, it was sug-
gested in Parliament that the export of British
coal to France.ought to be interdicted. By way
of precaution against such a measure, and with
the view of securing an ample supply of fuel for
his navy in future, Napoleon has stimulated the
exportation of English coal to France, by reduced
duties. He will thus be able to store away in the
naval dock-yards vast deposits of coal, which will
rendef him independent, in this respect, of the
English supply, in time of war. Should France
come in conflict with her great political antagonist,
she will thus be enabled to fight her by aid of ma-
terial drawn from her own bowels. The com-
mercial convention between England and France
is expressly designed to encourage the industry
and augment the wealth and power of France,
and it will unquestionably have that effect. "Our
agriculture must be improved, and our industry
freed from the internal impediments that keep it in
a state of inferiority," says the Emperor, in a let-
ter to his Minister of State on these projected
changes. This is the explanation of what superfi-
cial observers on this side of the Atlantic regard as
an abandonment of the protective policy.
So it js in England. For the most part, raw
materials are admitted free of duty, while the fol-
lowing duties arc levied on some of the principal
manipulated goods made in England:
" Tobacco.—Unmanufactured, 3s. sterling, and five per
centum, equal to, in cuircncy, per pound, 74 cents.
"Manufactured, 9s. stethng and five per centum per
pound, equal in currency to 20.
" Drawback, if icexpoi tPd,on either kind, allowed but 2s.
l{d., or 69ccnts. (Theieby vntualiy prohibiting the leship-
ment of Viigmia, Kentucky, and Louisiana manufacture.)
" Cotton.—Unmanulactuied. lree.
" Manuiactuicd, at the following specific rates: dresses,
30s. staling, or $7 40 each ; if manufa^tin cd into bonnets,
1$. steilmgeach, oi $i /0 ; if manufactured into fringes, 9.d.
or 3| ccntrf per pound; if manufactured into artificial flow-
ers, 12s. per loot, $2 97, equal to2l)0 pei centum ; if manufac-
tured into lace, cotton pillow, 20s. h telling per pound weight,
$4 80.
(Fool. —Unmanufactured, free ; and is taxed, if manu-
factured into carpets and nigs, 6d. per square \ard, or 12
cents; shawls, scarfs, and handkeiehiet*, 4d. per pound
weight, or 6$ cents ; shawls, scans printed, 8d. per pound
weight, or 12§- ccnts.
"Silk.—Unmanufactured, fiee; manufactured into ladies'
dies* caps,each 3s. sterling,or 85cents; ombioideiedciape
shawls, 5s. per pound weight, ot $1 20 ; gauze or ci<ipc6tu(f,
9s. per pound, oi $2 20; nets, tulle, &e-, 8s. per pound, or
$1 98; velvet stuff, Us. per pound, or $2 20; ribbon*-, for
plain, 6s. per pound, oi $1 40; ditto fanes'. 8s. to 14s. per
pound, ot fiom .$-1 98 to $3 40 per pound weight.
ui•'lax.—Unmanufactuied. ftee; thioad lace, 20s. pei
pound weight, oi $1 80 cuircncy; hemmed linen hand-
kerchiefs, 2s. steiling pei dozen, oi GO ccnts.
" Gold Coin—Oieti, bar", &.O., free; manufactures in
plate, 21s. steiling per ounce, (troy,) or $60 currency per
pound weight.
"Iron Ore.—Free; manufacture? of fancy ornamented,
per cwt., 15?. sterling, oi $3 80 euuency.
" Straw—Unmanufactuied, liee; manufactured into
platting'for bonnets, 2s. oi 47 cents, per pound weight;
manufuctuicd into chip or straw hats, 2s. &d. sterling or 60
cents cuircncy per pound weight.
" Grew?.—Rye, barley, &c., nearly free; lye whisky and
spirits, los. sterling pei gallon, oi .$'3 80 euriency ; ale and
beer, per batrel, 28s. steiling, oi >44 80 currency.
" Timhcror \ food, if in log*, and not deals, battens, &c.,
neailytiec; deals, battens, Sic., pei f 0 cubic feet, 7s. 6d.
sterling, or $1 80; planed or dressed for iiw as boards, 2d.
per foot and 5 per cent. Total, $4 25, oi 120 per cent-"
All that the advocates of j^otection ask in this
country is the adoption of n similar policy to that
of England and France. Remove, as far as the
revenue interests of the Government will permit,
duties on raw materials, and so arrange the tariff
as to discriminate in favor of and not against
American labor and industry. Above all, give
stability to the tariff system; do not make it the
instrument of political ambition, or the subject of
constant experiment. The interests it affects arc
of too precious a character to be made the sport
of selfish schemers. They are so thoroughly in-
woven with the welfare of the whole country, that
they cannot be sacrificed without throwing all
the operations of this busy nation into confusion.
What can be more criminally reckless of the wel-
fare of a people, than the action of the American
Government on various occasions, and particu-
larly in the tariff of 1842, in inviting the invest-
ment of capital in certain branches of industry
by protective duties, and then suddenly reducing
them, and destroying at one blow hundreds of
millions of capital?
It would indeed be a harrowing picture, if it
could be depicted in all its revolting details, the
immense losses and injury Congress has inflicted
on capital and labor by its rash and precipitate
legislation on the tariff; the ruin that ithas brought
on those hives of industry, the manufacturing
towns and villages, and the wretchedness and woe
it has carried to the humble homes of labor. It is
because the tariff bill before the House is mod-
erate in its duties, based on the mixed idea of
revenue and protection, and not amenable to ob-
jection on the part of any fair and reasonable
opponent of the protective system, that 1 give it
my support. I see in it a pledge of future pros-
perity; a guarantee against a recurrencc of the
disturbances in trade that have so frequently,
within the last quarter of a century, scourged the
business community; and a wise legislative meas-
ure, that will do for the country what it has a
right to expect and demand from the Representa-
tives of the people.
Let us, at least for a time, sound a truce, if not
conclude a peace, in the war of sections that has
raged so fiercely in this Hall since the commence-
ment of the session. Why should wc seek yet
furthertoestrangealienated branchesof the Amer-
ican family, by reckless denunciation and factious
crimination and recrimination ? Let us rather
aim to restore the era of good feeling, of national
unity, and a loyal spirit of devotion to the union
of the States and the welfare of the whole coun-
try, without regard to sections or institutions.
We have great material interests intrusted to our
care. Kindly fostered, they will repay our nursing
solicitude. Let our legislation then be so ordered
that it shall reanimate the paralyzed arm of la-
bor, rekindle the extinguished fires of the forge
and furnace, set the idle loom and shuttle again
in motion, and cover the whole face of the coun-
try with cheerfulness and content. Although all
the provisions of the pending tariff bill do not
meet my approbation, andparticulaily the duties
on wool, yet I am willing to give it my support
as a whole, conscious, as I am, that it will be a
source of incalculable benefit to my constituents
and the whole country.
TERRITORIAL POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
SPEECH OE HON. THOS. D. ELIOT,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlpril 25, I860.
j in the Committee of the Whole
ole on/nc
V
The House bein,
state of the Union—
Mr. ELIOT said:
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to address an argument
to the committee this morning on the slave terri-
torial policy of the present Administration. I de-
sire to speak upon that subjectwhich,as has been
truly said by several gentlemen, draws to itself
all questions besides. And 1 wish to speak to
that particular phase of the question, because it
is one which must enter into the deliberations of
the people, into the action of the freemen of this
land, Northand South, during the coming can-
vass for the Presidency. That territorial slave
policy is at conflict with the theory of the Govern-
ment and with the principles of the fathers; and
it ignores and discards, rights which have hereto-
fore been recognized, conceded, and acted upon
during the entire history of our national Govern-
ment down to the Administration that preceded
that of Mr. Buchanan. Out of that policy, and
as one necessary result of it, the Republican party
of this Union has sprung into existence.
To restrain slavery within its present limits; to
hold it where it now is; to keep it within the States
whose laws recognize it; to prevent its expansion;
to exclude it from the Territories; to keep it from
being a blight upon the free lands of the United
States, is the confessed duty of that party. And
there are convincing reasons, social, moral, and
political, why that duty should be performed. It
was said here the other day, by the gentleman
from Georgia", [Mr. Love,] that so far as that ques-
tion was to be considered in its political and in its
moral aspects, it was fairly a subject for discussion
upon the floor of Congress. But in the course of
his argument certain facts were stated, and certain
statistics given, to which I desire, in the course
of my remarks, to call the attention of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LOVE. I understand the gentleman to say
that I admitted that that question was properly
discussable in this House in its moral and its
social relations.
Mr. ELIOT. Moral and political.
Mr. LOVE. I wish to correct the gentleman
in that respect. I did say then, and I do say now.
that it is proper and legitimate to discuss that
question politically here or elsewhere.
Mr. EIjIOT. I said nothing about its social
aspects. I do n$t propose to discuss them. I am
willing, however, to discuss the question upon
either ground—social, moral, or political.
Mr. Chairman, this question now before the
American people, demanding adjustment, is one
of protection. If Mr. Jefferson could be heard
now in these Halls, his own words would echo
back to him, and ho would declare it to be one of
protection to that life and liberty and pursuit of
happiness with which he boldly taught that all
men were endowed, as with inalienable rights.
Whatever public interest calls for consideration,
Whether it bo%>ne of revenue or of education; of
our relations with foreign nations; of commerce
between the States; of internal improvements; of
national justice; of domestic tranquillity; for com-
mon defense, or the promotion of our general
welfare, the same great question faces us as we
legislate, demanding discussion and adjustment,
as the condition of legislative action. From time
to time that question has presented itself to the
statesmen of this land in different forms, accord-
ing to the exigencies, real or supposed, of southern
interests; for it isa political truth that our history
demonstrates that when one position or principle
or policy has been advocated and sustained and
sccured by the political advocates of human sla-
very, a step in advance has been forthwith taken,
and, as soon as taken, defended and insisted on as
though the last doctrine advanced were the veri-
table principle and policy of the fathers. Such
has been the Russian career of the slave power-
autocratic always—yielding nothing unless, by
seeming concession, a substantial vantage ground
for future attack was thereby sccured.
It is now but about twenty years (more than a
quarter of a century after the Missouri line was
established) since first in Congress an intimation
was made,by legislative resolution, that the slave-
holder, under the protection of the Constitution,
might carry his human chattels into the territo-
ries of the Union, in defiance of the action of
Congress.
On the 19th of February, 1847, Mr. Calhoun
offered in the Senate four resolutions, and they are
now the basis and the substance of the Democratic
creed.
The first three of those resolutions are as fol-
lows:
"iResolved, That thcTenitoriea of the United States belong
to the several States comprising this Union, and are held
by them as their joint and common piopcrty.
" Resolved, That Congress, as the joint agent andrepvesent-
ative ot the States of the Union, has no right to make any
law or do any act whatever that shall directly, or by its ef-
fects, make any discrimination between the States of thi3
Union, by which any of them shall bo deprived of its fuli
and equal light in any temtory of the United States ne-
quued or to be acquired.'
" Resolved, That the enactment of any 15w which should!
direcily, or by its effects, deprive the citizens of any uf the
States of thN Union from emigrating with their property into
any of the Territories ot the United States, will make such
discrimination, and would theicfore be a violation of the
Constitution, and the light- of the States fiom which such
citizens emigiated, and m derogation ot that perfect equality
which belongs to tbfin as mem bets of thia> Union, and would
tend directly to subvert the Union itself."
Mr. Benton, upon the spot, condemned these
resolutions as a " stnngof abstractions;"and dur-
ing the conversation that ensued between him and
Mr. Calhoun, he said that Mr. Calhouu must have
known, from his whole course in public life, that
he never would "leave public business to take up
firebrands to set the world on fire."
To-day, standing upon that bold and unheard
of doctrine; standing upon it as upon the broad
foundation of our liberties which the fathers laid;
sustained by a false and partisan and lawless dec-
