1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
opinion of these two Houses was as untenable as
it would be to say that we should bo governed by
the opinion of the other House. We are all co-
ordinate branches of one department, and it was
intended that cach should be responsible for its
own acts; the yeas and nays should be callcd when
a veto had been sent in, in order to hold each
member responsible;and that the President should
set forth, in writing, his reasons for'differing: with
us, and that that should bespread upon the Jour-
nal, in order that the whole matter might go
before the country. It was inlander!, not that we
should be governed or controlled by the opinion
of the President, or the President by us, but that
ever}'' law should be submitted first to one House
of Congress, then to the other, then to the Pres-
ident, in order that the people might have assur-
ance that it was a wise law and a constitutional
one; for having passed through this process tlnce
times of consideration, it probably would be both
constitutional and wise if it passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I only
want to avoid being misunderstood possibly, and
^ ask the privilege ofsavingbuta word to accomplish
that purpose. The gentleman from Texas seems
almost to suppose that I agreed that the will of
the people ought to prevail against the Constitu-
tion; that the will of the people was to be substi- !
tuted for the Constitution. That was not my
argument at all. I could haidly have been sup-
posed to countenance, much less to have under-
taken to maintain such a preposterous position as
that. This I meant, and this is what I explained
myself to mean in this connection, by the will
of the people: i alluded only to the judgment of
the people in construing a question of construc-
tion. 1 thought the opinion of the country was
entitled to some consideration in the great view
which the President is to take of these questions.
I thought the opinion of Congress was entitled
to consideration, not as authoritative by any de-
cisions upon it, but as evidence of the judgment
of wise men, and particularly the men who, ac-
cording to the organization of the Government,
were the representatives of the nation, who knew
its opinions, knew its judgment upon these ques-
tions of constitutional power. I assumed that this
power had been a question of dispute, at least in
former times, and perhaps still remained so; but
I thought upon thatquestion of construction there
had been an accumulation of authority, evidence
of the judgment of the country, evidence of the
judgment of Congress on the subject, that ought,
in a political and official view, to control the Pres-
ident of the United States in his judgment. Not
that he is to be controlled by the blind will of the
peoplf, if gentlemen choose to so regard that will.
It is not tlie will of the people against the Consti-
tution. It is not the will of the people to take the
place of the Constitution and Government of the
country. I revolt at that as much as any gentle-
man. "But it is the judgment of the country and
the judgmentof Congress upon aquestion ofcon-
structive power in Congress. It is to that f ap-
plied it, and the popular judgment, the popular
will in regard to it: and in 110 other wise have I
us^d it or employed it in the argument.
Further, as I am up, I will rem.\rlc that the gen-
tleman considers the President as part of the legis-
lative department of the Government. I do not;
and I suppose tins maybe added to what he con-
siders Mr. Webster's general errors 011 this sub-
ject. I know I have heard him argue here that it
war? altogether wrong to consider the President as
a part of the legislative department. The Consti-
tution of the Un States declares that the legis-
lative power of the Government shall be vested 111
a Congress to consist of a Senate and House of
Representatives, in express language. The Pres-
ident holds none of the legislative powers; he is
distinct from the Legislator*', having no power
of legislation. He is yet invested with a power
to negative oui ads by his veto; that is all. Tie
is an executive officer, constituted the Chief Ex-
ecutive of the country- I think, when a contro-
versy exists between the President and both
branches of Congress 011 a question oi power, m
various instances, the veto has been used; and
now I say there ought to be an end of that contro-
versy 011 this subject. All transactions that are
subject to the action of Congress ought, so far as
relates to the Constitution, sooner or later to bo
brought to a settled rule of construction or decis-
ion. How 13 it to be 3 It must ultimately be the
effect of an accumulation of authority on one side
or the other side, which shall outweigh all indi- '
vidual objections, even in the judgment of the man
whoentertains them. As I understand, that was
cxactly the process of reasoning by which Mr.
Madison induced himself to sign a bill establish-
ing a bank of the United States. It is a most rea-
sonable doctrine. We ought to consider ourselves
wrong if wc differ from all the world. A wise
man, I think, would say that, though there may
be questions which his conscience could not sur-
render, yet here 011 a mere question of the con-
struction of a given instrument, the world is on
one side and the individual on the other; and if it
became necessary for the world to exercise a power
which all the world thought existed, and which
their interest, in the judgment of the world, re-
quired them to exercise, ou^ht an individual to
oppose his single judgment, if he had the power,
to frustrate all useful legislation ? I think not; and
I rose simply for the purpose of assuring the gen-
tleman that, by the will of the people, I moantthe
judgment of the people on a subject of construc-
tion; and I thought the President, in exercising
his veto power, ought not only to construe the
Constitution for himself, but, in making up his
opinion, ought to look at the opinion of his whole
country 011 the subject; ought to look at their judg-
ment, and at the judgment of other branches of the
Government, which they had constituted as their
Legislature. That is all.
Mr. TOOMBS. While my honorable friend
from Kentucky was addressing the Senate, T sent
to the Library and got the authority to which I
referred, but which was not before me when I last
spoke, and I Avill read it. It is a good answer to
the additional remarks whichmy honorable friend
made in reply to me. lie says that according to
the plan which the President has suggested, Con-
gress is called upon to give the authoiity to make
impiovements, and he asks what is the difference
between permitting duties to be levied on tonnage
by the particular localities for the purpose, or
taking it out of the Treasury of the United States ?
That is the whole controversy. He supposes
there is no difference between the two. The dif-
ference, in the first place, is, that one is a consti-
tutional mode, and the other is not; and in the
second place, one is a just mode and the other is
not; and the reason why the Constitution would
not give the unjust mode was simply becausc it
was unjust, and they gave the just mode because
it was ju^t.
I am'in favor of internal improvements as much
as my honorable friend from Kentucky; but the
question presented to us is a naked question of
whether the persons who get the benefit of the
improvements pay for them, or whether those
who arc benefited by them shall, because they
can so combine as to get a majority here, throw
the burden of paying for them on those who are
not benefited by them, or who may, perchance,
bo injured by them. I say it is a question lying
at the foundations of society, stronger than all
Governments. This very question came up in the
Federal convention on the motion of Dr. Frank-
lin. 1 read from Madison's Debates, page 543:
"Dr. Franklin- moved to add, afler the words < po«?t
road-,' aitjcle one, section eight, a powei ' to piovid'* ioi
cutting canals whoie deemed necc^aiy.'
" Mr. Wilson seconded the motion.
" Mr. Sherman objured. The expense, 111 such ca*o- ,
will (all on the Unit vl State-, and the bono tit accrue to the
places when1 the canals may be cut."
There is the argument given by Mr Sherman
in one line.
"Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an exp'^e to the
United States, they may be made a source ot icvenue."
And that is a very important element here, If
Congress had this power, if it is considered right
to take money for this purpose out of the public
fund, why do not those sections who "want the
public to pay for the cost of their transportation
do as they do at home? New York has spent
$40,000,000 in building canals. Arc they toll-free ?
She took money out of her treasury or used her
credit; and then she made those who used her im-
provements reimburse the public for the expense
by paying tolls. France did the same with her
improvements. Russia docs the same, and so do
civihzed nations all over the world, Georgia took
$."3,000,000 of her own money to buikl a railroad.
She taxed her people for a large portion of it; she
borrowed the balance on her credit; but when she
had made the work, did she let anybody in the
particular locality who wanted to use it, do so for
nothing? No; she charged for the use of it .so as
to reimburse her treasury. ' I show you that in
the convention the advocates of this power .then
intended that if it were granted, the same course
should be pursued here. Mr. "Wils.on, of Penn-
sylvania, said it might he a source of revenue to
the Government of the United States. No one
then claimed such a flagitious excrcise of |Dowet
as has been asserted for the first time within the
last twenty or thirty years. But .the debate went
on:
"Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the motion,
Into a power,
" To grant charters of Incorporation where the interests
of the United States might require, and the legislative pro-
visions of individual States may be incompetent."
Now we comc to Mr. Madison's argument.
He wanted the power. He understood the ques-
tion. When he was President lie vetoed the bill
upon the ground that this power had not been
granted, Jrlc said:
"His pi unary object was, however, to secure an easy
communication between the States, which the free Inter-
course now to be opened seemed to call for. The political
obstacles being removed, a removal of the natural ones, as
far as possible, ought to follow."
That was Mr. Madison's argument. He made
it at the right place. He made it to the men who
were framing the Constitution. As the political
barriers between the States were broken down,
i he wanted the natural barriers removed. That
is the argument you make now for this power.
Mr. Madison made it in the convention, but the
power was not granted. It is briefly stated in
his own words. The debate continued:
" Mi. Randolph seconded the proposition.
"Mr. Kino thought the power unnecessary.
"Mi. Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a State from
obstructing the general welfare.
"Mr. Kino. The States will be prejudiced and divided
into patties by it. In Philadelphia and New York it will
bejelerred to the establishment of si bank, which has been
a subject of contention in those cities. In other places it
will be referred to mercantile monopolies.
" Mi. Wilson mentioned the importance of facilitating,
by canal , the communication with tlie western settle-
ments."
The very States now clamorous for it.
" As to bank.;, lie did not think, with Mr. King, that the.
power, in that point of view, would excite the prejudices
and parties apprehended. As to mercantile monopolies,
they aie alicady included in the power to regulate trade.
"Col. Mason was for limiting the power to the single
ease of canal.*.. Ho was afraid oi monopolies of everysort,
which he did not think were hj any means already implied
by the Constitution, as supposed In' Mr. Wilson.
"The motion being so modifies as to admit a distinct
question, specifying and limited to the case of canals :
"Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ceorgia—ay, 3; New Hamp-
shire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maiyland, North Caiolina, youth Carolina—no, 8."
Here is an abridgment of the whole argument.
The idea was to facilitate commerce and inter-
course between the States; to break down natural
barriers as the political ones were broken down;
and the reasons against it nre here, and are strongly
and soundly, though briefly, stated. The objec-
tion was, that the money would go out of the com-
mon Treasury, out of the funds contributed by
all the people, and the benefits would accrue to the
particular commerce that used the improvement.
Therefore the fathers of the Constitution said it
should not bo done. That is exactly the differ-
ence between my honorable friend from Kentucky
and myself. He wants to clear out the St. Clair
flats. Why' Is it because there is a commerce
of twenty, or fifty, or five hundred million dollars
passing over those flats. If there were five hun-
dred thousand million, it would be so much the
more easy for that commerce to pay it. He might
as well call on me to pay his tavern bill at the
National out of the common purse. A large por-
tion of the people of the United States arc not only
not benefited, but directly injured, by the Govern-
ment taking their money to cheapen the trans-
portation of other people's commodities to come
into competition with them. You levy money out
of their pockets to put it in other people's pock-
ets; and that is the only reason for it on God's
earth. There would never have been such a bill
proposed in the Senate or House of Representa-
tives of the United States from the day of the or-
ganization of the Governmentuntil now, if it were
not that persons wanted to get a common fund for
, particular advantage. They tried the^ system of
| taxing themselves for more than thirty years,
j Congress gave its consent to the exercise of this
1 power by the States whenever they wanted it,
