2642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
nection between the United States and the Coloni-
zation Society. That which has never.been com-
menced can hardly be perpetuated; and I will
suggest to the gentleman from Alabama, that there
is no one clause or sentence of this bill which re-
lates to the Colonization Society at all. It is not
mentioned in the law. It is not referred to in the
law.
Mr. LEAKE. Will my colleague permit me
to state a fact, and to ask him to comment on that
fact?
Mr. MILLSON. "I beg not to be interrupted
at this time. I am not discussing the facts, but
questions growing out of the law and the amend-
ments.
Mr. CURRY. I trust that, by permission of
my friend from Virginia, 1 will be allowed, when
he gets through, to demonstrate the fact that the
connection has existed, and that the object of this
bill is to perpetuate it.
Mr. BINGHAM. If gentlemen on the; other
side are to discuss this bill all round, we will
want to discuss it a little on this side. [Cries
from the Democratic benches, " Certainly !"]
Mr. BRANCH. 1 hope there will be no pre-
vious-question placed upon it, but that it will be
left open for discussion.
Mr. BINOHAM. After the bill has been
passed I
Mr. BRANCH. I voted for the bills and I
want the question discussed.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 know that a contract was
once made with the Colonization Society. I know
that a contract may again be made with the Col-
onization Society. I am speaking of that legal
connection implied in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama. He might as well talk
of the connection between the Government of the
'United States and the soldier or sailor employed
in its service, as talk of a connection between the
Colonization Society and the Government of the
United States, because, on some previous occa-
sion, a contract had been made invoking that
agency.
But, sir, my colleague [Mr. Pry or] objects to
the bill because itinvolves unconstitutional legis-
lation. Unconstitutional, sir, in what? Is it un-
constitutional—is it a violation of the Federal
Constitution, to prohibit the slave trade? I direct
the attention of my colleague to that sentence in
the Constitution which gave express authority
to Congress to prohibit, after the year 1808, the
introduction of that class of persons. What,
then, is unconstitutional? The punishment of
those who bring them here? But how is the pro-
hibition to be effected, except by the punishment
of those who disregard the law? M.y colleague
is not opposed to the legislation of Congress pro-
hibiting the slave trade. He does not desire the
slave trade to be revived; but he is opposed to all
legislation by which men may be punished under
the authority of law, for violating the prohibi-
tions of the law.
Mr. PRYOR. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, I
am sure, will allow me to correct his misrepre-
sentation. I expressly disclaimed any opposition
to the execution of the law. The point that I
made was this—and perhaps my colleague's mis-
tippchension was the effect of my own ambigu-
ous language: that this Government has the au-
thority to prohibit the slave trade, and punish
those engaged in it, as between this country and
Africa; but that the bill before us provides re-
sources to prohibit the trade between Africa and
foreign countries. My secopd point was, that
while it was perfectly constitutional to prohibit
the slave trade, it is unconstitutional to establish
colonies and employ missionaries in the interior
of Africa.
Mr. MILLSON. Now I understand my col-
league; and I do not think he relieves himself
much by the explanation that he has given. Pie
concedes to Congress the authority to prohibit
the slave trade and punish those engaged in it;
yot he maintains that it is only when carried on
between the United States and the coast of Africa;
and that there is no authority in Congress to pro-
hibit the transportation of slaves from the coast
of Africa to a foreign country.
Mr. PRYOR. The difference between us is
this: I derive the power of Congress to prohibit
the slave trade from that clause of the Constitu-
tion which empowers Congress to regulate the
foreign commerce of the United States. He, it
appears, derives it, not from that clause of the
Constitution, but from a negative clause of the
Constitution, which, so far from being a grant of
power, is a restriction of power; that is to say,
from that clause of the Constitution which sitys
that the power should not be exercised until the
year 1808.
Mr. MILLSON. It is perfectly immaterial
from what part of the Constitution the power to
prohibit the slave'trade and punish those engaged
in it is derived; and I do not mean to go into
that question, since I have the authority of my
colleague for the concession that the power exists.
Mr. PRYOR. It exists as to the slave trade
between this country and Africa.
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague now maintains
that while the power to prohibit and punish this
crime exists, yet itis confined to the trade between
the United States and Africa, and not between
Africa and any foreign nation. Sir, the power of
the United States to punish crime exists wherever
crime is committed within its jurisdiction; and if
crime be committed on board an American ship,
sailing under the American Hag, and not within
the local jurisdiction of any foreign State, the
power exists in the United States to punish the
offense.
Mr. PRYOR. My colleague will allow me once
more to interrupt him. It so happens that, in one
of these cases, the vessel was a French ship, sail-
ing under French colors.
Mr. MILLSON. I must remind my colleague
that I did not interrupthim at all in the course of
his argument,and I think it somewhat unreason-
able that, he should expect me to give way to him,
and let him reply to every single suggestion I may
make, although these suggestions may be intended
to form together a consecutive auu continuous
chain of argument. The Governmentof theUnited
States has never yet claimed the power to punish
the citizens or subjects of any other nationality
for an offense against the laws of their own sov-
ereignty; and as the gentleman tells me that one
of these vessels was a French vessel, I can only
say that I take it for granted no power has ever
been claimed by the Government of the United
States to punish French citizens or subjects for
any violation of their own laws. I will now go
on; and I hope my colleague will not intciruptme
for the present. After I submit the few remanks
which I intended to offer, I will then yield to such
interrogations or remarks as my colleague may
wish to make.
My colleague claims that this is unconstitu-
tional—that we have no authority to punish these
people. He does not wish the slave trade to be
revived; he admits it should be prohibited. But
his coursc of argument would justify me in in-
ferring that he would have it subjected to no other
impediment or hiriderance than the eloquent pro-
tests and the persuasive argumentation of such
men as Wilbcrforce and Clarkson. His method
of administering the low of the land savors some-
what of the police regulations of Shakspeare's
inimitable Dogberry. He charged his assistants
to ucomprehend all vagrom men, and to bid any
man stand in the prince's name." " But how if
he will not, stand ?" " Why, then, take no note
of him, but let him go, and presently call the rest
of the watch together, and thank God you are rid
of a knave." And if these pirates, whose crimes
arc now subjecting us to this unjust and burden-
some expenditure, would only heed the gentle
admonitions of my colleague, he would be dis-
posed. no doubt, to thank them for their civility.
But if we arc compelled to resort to force to put
an end to their horrid traffic, why, when captured,
they are to be discharged, and allowed to go un-
whippcd of justice.
I say that the authority to punish this crime
resides in the United States, and extends to every
place within the jurisdiction of theUnited States.
This Government has the same right to prohibit
this offense as to punish any other crimcs com-
mitted on board an American vessel, on her voy-
age from the coast of Africa to the coast of Cuba.
If, then, it would bo right to punish for murder
committed on shipboard, in a voyage from Africa
to the coast of Cuba, it would also be proper to
punish for piracy. I ask my colleague—and I
will submit to his interruption for an answer-—
if he denies the authority of the United States to
punish the man who perpetrates a murder on a
voyage from Africa to Cuba on the high seas, on
board of an American vessel, sailing under the
American flag, entitled to American protection ?
Then, if he does not deny the authority to pun-
ish such a crime, tell me how he could deny the
authority of the United States to punish any other
infraction of our own laws?
Sir, I have to remind my colleague that even
before the time limited by the Constitution had
expired, even before the year 1808, the Congress
of the United States passed several laws punish-
ing the offense of engaging in the slave trade be-
tween the coast of Afncaandforeignnations. The'
very case which is excepted by my colleague
from the power of Congress, was the very case
which Congress made the subject of its first legis-
lation; and if my colleague refers to the statutes
he will find that long before the year 1808, imme-
diately after the Government was put in operation,
a law was passed prohibiting the slave trade by
American citizens in American vessels, between
the coast of Africa and any foreign nation, and
punishing the parties engaged in it. Yet this very
traffic, which my colleague says we have no right
to prohibit, was the very first to be prohibited
after the Government went into operation.
Sir, I am amazed at the sensitiveness of certain
gentlemen upon this subject. I had supposed
that, if there was any policy to which the people
of the southern States were committed, it was the
policy of stern, unbending opposition to the re-
vival of the African slave trade. It is only two
or three years since a very distinguished Repre-
sentative in this House from the State of South
Carolina—I allude to the late Speaker—intro-
duced a resolution declaring that it was inexpe-
dient, unwise, and contrary to the settled policy
of the United States, to repeal the laws prohibiting
the African slave trade. The resolution was
adopted by the almost unanimous vote of the
House; and the six or seven gentlemen who voted
against it protested that they did so, not because
they desired the slave trade to be revived, but
only because they did not think it a fit subject for
the consideration of the House of Representatives.
But now what do we see ? Every attempt to arrest
the slave trade; every attempt to punish those
who are engaged in the slave tiade;every attempt
to carry into eifect wholesome legislation by which
this crime is sought to be punished and prevented,
seems to excite the sensibilities of some gentle-
men; not because—I will do them the justice to
believe—they are at all in favor of reviving the
slave trade, but because, perhaps, of some appre-
hension lest the zealous support of this policy by
the South should be regarded as, in some sort, a
tribute, a concession to the unfavorable anti-sla-
very sentiment existing at the North.
Unconstitutional, is it? Unconstitutional to
provide for the return of the captured Africans!
fhia bill does not propose to punish the masters
and mariners of vessels captured by the cruisers
of the United States. The hill provides for noth-
ing but the return of the capturcd Africans to the
coast of Africa. But it is unconstitutional! Pray,
what would my colleague do with them? The
vessels are to be seized. Instructions are given to
your cruisers to capture all vessels engaged in this
trade. That is all right. My colleague would not
revoke those instructions. But when you have
taken them? What are you going to do with them ?
Are you to plunge the Africans into the sea? No.
My colleague's humanity would revolt from such
a proposition. Would you take them to the coast
of Africa? My colleague says that is unconstitu-
tional. What then? If you cannot plunge them
into the sea, and if you must not carry them to
the coast of Africa, what will you do with them?
Why, bring them to the United States, and re-
duce them to the condition of quasi slavery, or
servitude. Scivitude! This is strange doctiine
to come from southern men. Why, it is only a
few brief months since we heard southern gentle-
men protesting upon this floor and in the other
Chamber of the Capitol—shouting until they made
the welkin ring—that the Constitution had given
no power to Congress to change the condition of
persons, cither in the States or Territories, either
to enslave the free or to enfranchise those who
are held in slavery. In the language of the Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill, Congress could neither le-
gislate slavery into aTeiritoiy or State, nor ox-
cludeittherefrom. But, s>ir, the announcement was
made with still more startling emphasis, that if
Congress had no power to establish slavery by
