1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The biU (H.R. No. S3) for the admission of
Kansas into the Union, received from the House
of Representatives yesterday, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Harriet Crocker, widow of Edward Crocker, late
a boatswain in the Navy, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Edward Savoy,
praying compensation for his services as cook and
servant to the staff of General Bankhead in the
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. LATHAM presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking the
passage of a law legalizing and confirming to the
State of California such selections and localities of
land as were made by the State before survey of
the United States authorities ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented papers in relation
to the claimof Peter Campau to arrearages of pay
for taking care of the United States dredge-boat,
belonging to the St. Clair Flats improvement;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WILSON. I present a memorial signed
by T. S. Tobey, president, and Lorenzo Sabine,
secretary of the Boston Board of Trade; Jacob
Bigetow, president of the American Academy of
Arts and Sciences; Daniel Treadwell, vice presi-
dent of the American Academy of Arts and
Sciences; Joseph Lovering, professor of mathe-
matics and natural philosophy of Harvard Col-
lege; L. Agassi/-, professor in the Lawrence High
School; C. C, Felton, president of Harvard Col-
lege; Benjamin Pierce, professor of astronomy
and mathematics of Harvard College, and B. A.
Gould,gditor of the Astronomical Review, pray-
ing tlmcthe Superintendent of the Coast Survey
may be directed to send observers to the most
suitable point on the Atlantic coast to observe the
eclipse of the sun, which will occur on the 18th
of July next, with a wew of verifying the relative
geographical positions of our country. I move
the reference of this paper to the Committee-on
Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is literary, or scientific,
or a little of both; and I think it ought to go to
the Committee on the Library. We do not wan-
der away to the planets in the Committee on
Commerce. We go over the ocean and over the
earth. When you come to science 
The VICE PRESIDENT. What committee
docs the Senator from Massachusetts move that
it be sent to
Mr. WILSON. I have no choice myself
whether it goes to the Committee on Commerce
or the Committee on the Library. It was placed
in my hands by a gentleman in the name of the
head of the Coasfc Survey, Professor Bache, with
a request that 1 would present it and ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce, If the Sen-
ator does not wish that reference, 1 propose that
it go to the Committee on the Library.
it was so referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented papers relating to
the claim of Mary L. Lear, widow of the late
Lieutenant Clinton W. Lear, of the United States
Army, to a pension; which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLEIt presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the American Philosophical Society, of
Philadelphia, praying that the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey may be authoiized to send per-
sons to some suitable point on the Atlantic coast
to make observations of the eclipse of the sun,
which will occur on the 18th of July next; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordcjed, That the memorial of Moody, Seeor & Co.,
with the lopoit of the Secretary of the Navy in ielation
thereto, on the files of the Senate, he referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
ItfLL RECOMMITTED.
On,motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was .
Ordered, That the bifi (S. No. 367) for the relief of Fred-
erick £. Sickles, be recommitted to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LATHAM asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
405) to confirm certain lands to the State of Cal-
ifornia; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FITCH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 29) authorizing the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to revise and adjust the ac-
count of John Randolph Clay, United States min-
ister to Peru; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
407) for the relief of Mary L. Lear; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-4
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 30) to repeal the proviso of the
third section of the act approved March 3, 1859,
entitled " An act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1860;" which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. dIGLER. I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING. I should like to know what is
the proviso that it is proposed to repeal.
Mr. BIGLER. I will explain, for the inform-
ation of the Senator from New York. I have in-
troduced the joint resolution simply for reference;
but I will state what it means, ft is a proposi-
tion to repeal the proviso which limits the price
' at which certain public buildings in Philadelphia
should be sold. The officers have endeavored to
sell at that price, and cannot do it.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to the refer-
ence.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
the report of Captain H. D. Wallen, of his expe-
dition, in 1859, from Dalles City to Great Salt
Lake and back, have directed me to report it back
to the Senate with a recommendation that it be
printed; and that motion, I suppose, goes to the
Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Mississippi that the
motion may be put now, as this is a report from
a committee, and that it is not therefore necessary
to refer it to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I ask that the motion to
print be put now.
The motion was agr^pd to.
Mr. IVERSON,fr@m the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel S.
Burton, praying to be allowed the amount due
him for pay and rations as a musician in the war
of 1812, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of Captain John
B. Montgomery, of the United States Navy, pray-
ing to be released from his liability for an unpaid
balance of public money intrusted to him for re-
cruiting purposes, and lost by the failure of the
bank in which it was deposited, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 406) for the
relief of Captain Jonn B. Montgomery, of the
United States Navy. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Charles
Maurice Smith,praying compensation for defend-
ing, at the request of the superintendent of Indian
affairs in Utah, two Indian boys who were in-
dicted for a criminal offense in the second judicial
district court for that Territory, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON,ftom the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Samuel
Jones,a captain in the United States Army,pray-
ing to be remunerated for losses sustained by him
in consequence of the blowing up of the steamer
Pennsylvania, on the Mississippi river, while he
was traveling in the public service, asked to bo
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Benjamin Aivord, a pay-
master in the Army, praying remuners&ion for
losses sustained by the wrecking of the steamship
Southerner, on which he was traveling under or-
ders, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affaiis and Militia; which was
agreed to.
PROPERTY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate that the resolution's introduced by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] relative to prop-
erty m the Territories, be made the special order
for Monday next at one o'clock; at which time,
if it docs not interfere with any business that is
urgent in its character, I desire to submit some
remarks to the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution submitted by
him on the 13th ultimo; and it was agrc?d to, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instiucted to inquire and report to the Senate whether the
late treaty with Great Britain, for the, suppression of tho
Afiican slave trade, has'been executed ; and whether any
further legislation is necessary, by way of amendment of
exif-ting laws, foi the mote effectual suppression theieof.
MESSAGE FROM T1IE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had this day ordered the printing of the
following documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
transmitting, in answer to a resolution of tho
House, a report as to the practicability of making
Harlem river navigable for commercial purposes
—ordered at twelve o'clock and twenty-five min-
utes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior, submit- •
ting, pursuant to the seventh section of the act of
18th of August, 1856, an estimate for certain ex-
penses of district land offices—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty-five minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution of the House, the offi-
cial correspondence of Brigadier General William
S. Harney, in command of the department of
Oregon, relating to the affairs of that department
—ordered at twelve o'clock and twenty-six min-
utes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, in an-
swer, to a resolution of the House, calling for
information in reference to a contract for the per-
formance of certain labor at the public stores in
the city of New York—ordered at two o'clock
and two minutes. •
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (S. No. 306) to settle titles to lands along
the boundary line between the States of Georgia
and Florida;
A bill (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis Hiitt-
man; and
A hill (H. R. No. 31) for the relief of Charles
Knap.
ARREST OP FRANZ B. SANBORN.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr, President, I present cer-
tain papers which I have received, supplementary
to the memorial of Mr. Sanborn, now lying on
the table of the Senate. These papers are the
official returns to the writ of habeas corpus made
by the sheriff and by Carleton, pretending to
act in the name of the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
Senate; these papers being authenticated by the
clerk of the supreme court of Massachusetts.
They become important at this moment, particu-
larly in answer to the assertion hazarded the other
