2644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
ments, why not a day? and if for a day, why not
for a week? and if for a week, why not for a year?
and if for a year, why not for a century ? That
is his argument.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
has only anticipated me in the exposure of his
own error, and to that extent has helped me in
my argument. He has forgotten that I called his
attention to the difference between night and day,
and showed that there was, in the nature of things,
a difference between the mean and the extremes.
My colleague now seems to have opened his eye
to the true state qi the case. He admits that be-
cause a man may live one, two, or three years,
he may not therefore live forever; and so, because
this Government may support these people for
one, two, or three days, or for six, or twelve
months—the longest period fixed in the law—it is
not bound to supply them as long as they live.
The gentleman does not seem to be aware of the
application of his own very interesting illustra-
tion, derived from the preaching of that minister
of the Gospel whom he has brought before the
House. It was to this very point I was myself
directing his attention; and now I am happy to
know that my colleague' was already perfectly
apprised of the existence of the very useful truth
which I thought I was about to impart to him,
and that he had only in the ardor of discussion
become suddenly oblivious of it.
Mr. Speaker, I should have ended long since,
if I had been allowed to pursue my own course
of argument. I have, however, yielded to inter-
ruptions so frequently, as to allow myself to be
diverted from the path I was pursuing, and there-
fore I have been much more tedious than I ex-
pected to have been. I have only one or two
words more to add. [Cries of " Gro on!''] The
bill provides that these negroes shall be supported
a reasonable time; and why not, sir? Both my
colleagues shrink from the suggestion that they
are to be allowed to starve to death. But accord-
ing to them, the duty of the United Slates is fully
discharged when they arc taken back to the coast
of Africa, landed at the most convenient point,
and there directed to go free. Is that mercy,
humanity, justice ? Do my colleagues contend
for any such construction of our duties as that?
Is the Government, which has, by the exertion
of its own power, placed these people in their
present condition, acquitted of its solemn obliga-
tions by discharging them on the coast of Africa,
where they might be devoured by wild beasts or
perish with hunger; or by imposing them upon
the charity of the feeble colony of Liberia ? Pray,
sir, by what authority would you send paupers
to Liberia without providing for their support,
at least for a reasonable length of time ? Has it
not been a subject of complaint by our Govern-
ment against some of the European Governments
that they send to the United States ship loads of
paupers and criminals; and has not that very thing
been the subject of negotiation ? Are we to forget
the obligations of justice m our intercourse with
others, and especially with weak and feeble com-
munities ? Then, sir, I say that no other course
could be taken than that which has been pursued;
nml I beg leave to retmind gentlemen again that
the course of the Administration, humane and
judicious as it has been, and sustained by the bill
"which passed the House to-day, and which passed
the Senate previously, is only 111 accordance with
the policy first established by a southern Presi-
dent—I tell my two colleagues, by a Virginia
President, Mr. Monroe, and carried into efi'ect
without complaint from any quarter, and, as my
friend before me [Mr. Reagan] intimates, first
suggested by Mr. JelFerson.
But 1 do not care who suggested it. I say that
there are principles and instincts of humanity that
need no support from precedent or authority; and
if the precedents were reversed, and every Vir-
ginia President, every southern politician, every
man, coming from whatever State, were to-day,
with one consent, to denounce this policy as vio-
lative of the Constitution, I would find a ready
answer in my own heart, which would induce me
to tell them—I was about to say defiantly, but I
will say sternly—that on such a subject I would
take counsel from the convictions of my own
judgment and conscience, and disregard all the
authority that would urge me to do violence to
them.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous question.
1 want to know whether this discussion ought to
continue when there is a special order for to-
day'
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment.
' Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think I am at lib-
erty to do so. 1 must call the previous question.
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the gentleman will al-
low me five minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot. I must ask the
previous question on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to make an appeal to
the fairness of the gentleman from Ohio to allow
me, who introduced the amendment, briefly to
explain it, as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] has spoken an hour against it, and I
have not said a word.
Mr. BRANCH. And to yield to me to reply,
as I have not had a word to say on this bill.
Mr. CURRY. I appeal to the gentleman's
sense of candor and justice 
Mr. BINGHAM. I would have no objection
to allow the gentleman from Alabama to have a
few moments, and if no other gentleman wanted
the floor, I would withdraw the previous ques-
tion. •
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me a
few moments?
Mr. REAGAN. I beg the House to hear me
a few moments [Cries of" Question !"]
Mr. CURRY. If the gentleman withdraws
the previous question, I will renew it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish it to be understood
that I call the previous question now, because
there is a privileged motion pending, touching the
right of a member to his .seat on this floor; and
that ought to be discussed.
Mr. REAGAN. If we are not allowed to dis-
cuss this question many of us will be placed in an
awkward position.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill has been already
passed.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to ask the Chair whether,
if the previous question be seconded, I will not,
under the rules of the House, have a right to speak
to my amendment for an hour?
Mr.BlNGlIAM. Why, certainly not, because
the amendment does not come fiom any commit-
tec.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House,
the gentleman will not have a right to debate it.
Mr. CURRY. Then the gentleman from Ohio,
if he persists in calling the previous question, will
be doing injustice.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the House will vote
down the previous question, and let us have a
discussion on this subject. I do not think it fair
that there should be two speeches in favor of the
amendment, and only one against it.
Mr. CURRY. Yes, but the one against it was
for an hour, and the one for it only ten minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps, if the House will
allow the resolution which I hold in my hand to
be adopted, this discussion may be permitted to
go on.
[Cries of " Let it be read !"]
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rewlycd, That the Senate ho requested to return to this
riou*>i: the eoncurmit resolution of tSio House, piovuling
lor tlie adjournment of the two Houses of Congress.
Several Members. I objcct.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist on my call for the
previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reconsider tlie vote
by which the bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. The vote has been already
reconsidered and laid upon the table.
Mr. REAGAN. What is the state of the ques-
tion ? There is so much confusion, I cannot un-
derstand it.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the previous question on the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RurFiN and
Porter were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 79, noes 61.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr, REAGAN. If the House refuse to order
the main question, docs that leave the title open
to debate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes so.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well; then I trust the
House will allow this matter to go over until
sometime when we can discuss it.
Mr. BRANCH. I,submit to gentlemen upon
the other side whether they will not allow this
matter to be postponed until eight o'clock this
evening.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to any
postponement whatever of this question.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment to the title was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the title
of the bill.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a privileged question,
I move to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment to the title was disagreed to; and upon that
1 desire to say something.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is upon concurring in the title of the bill.
The title was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CURRY. I was recognized some ten or
fifteen seconds before the gentleman from Ohio
addressed the Chair.
Mr. BINGHAM. The question had not then
been put upon agreeing to the title of the bill; and
no debate was in order.
Mr. CURRY. I rose, and addressed the Chair,
was recognized by the Chair, and made the mo-
tion to rcconsider.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. When the gen-
tleman from Alabama rose, the previous question
was still operating upon the title of the bill; and
the gentleman could not have been in order in dis-
cussing the motion which he made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
facts. The question was put upon the adoption
of the amendment to the title of the bill. The
gentleman from Alabama then rose, and moved
to reconsider the vote by which the title was re-
jected; but no debate was in order upon the
motion, because the previous question was still
operating.
Mr. CURRY. If the previous question was
still operating, how has this debate gone on?
Mr. BINGHAM. By general consent.
Mr. BRANCH. Well, I submit that if this
debate has all gone on by genera! consent, it is
doing great injustice to stop it at this point, with-
out giving the gentleman from Alabama an op-
portunity to reply to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon lay-
ing on the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the title of the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand the state of
facts to be this: the gentleman from Alabama first
rose and moved his amendment to tl?e title. The
Chair stated that that motion was debatable. A
gentleman upon the oihcr side raised the question
of order that the debate was not pertinent to the
title. That question of order was overruled, and
the dubate on both sides went on,under the ruling
of the Chair, that it was in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama to amend
the title was m order and open for discussion.
It was discussed until the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] had concluded his remarks,
when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
obtained the fSooryand moved the previous ques-
tion. Up to that time, debate was in order. The
previous question was then seconded and the
main question ordered, and it continued to oper-
ate upon the title until it had been finally passed
upon by the House.
Mr. CURRY called for the yeas and naysupon
the motion to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CURRY. I am glad one thing is in or-
der. [Laughter.] ~
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were subsequently, at the
request of Mr. Curry, by general consent, with-
drawn; and the motion to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider, agreed to.
ENKOLLEB BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER,from the Committee'on En-
rolled Bills, reported thatthey had examined,and
