258
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy of the Government—Mr. Eliot.
Ho. of Reps.
incarnate in a Republican President, we must carry-
on the Government, if we can, without*the coun-
tenance of southern men.
Now, sir, it is a fact that, by nearly all the
leading statesmen, and by every political Admin-
istration, without a single exception, down to that
which preceded the Administration of Mr. Buch-
anan, the policy of intervention for freedom was
enforced. No man can disprove that proposition.
The written history of the Government declares its
truth. In some form or other, the right of Con-
gress to act in the Territories towards the restric-
tion of human slavery will be found to have been
asserted. Before 1820, this policy had been settled,
Aand the constitutional power upon which it rested
* had been repeatedly recognized. And in that year
the compromise which the South advocated, and
which the North resisted at first and then yielded
to, was effected, under which Missouri became a
State.
In 1798 the importation of slaves from abroad
into the southern Territories was forbidden.
„ In 1803 the Territory of Indiana was forbid-
den to hol(J slaves.
In 1804 restrictive legislation was applied to the
Territory now included in the State of Louisiana.
I do not propose to defend the principle upon
which the Missouri line was established in 1820.
It was one of the compromises which the North
made for the sake of peace, but out of which no
permanent peace has come.
Gentlemen upon the other side of the House
have declaimed with earnestness, and with appear-
ance of sincerity, against what they call the aggres-
sions of the North; but they fail to show upon
what historic ground these charges rest. From the
beginning, the men of the North and of the great
West, which New England blood and northern
institutions have so largely contributed to form,
have been opposed to the extension of human
slavery. Within their States they have protected
their own citizens, especially since the act of 1850
made legislation necessary, by such laws as they
judged sufficient for the purpose. Whether at
any time any provision of any law infringed in
any respect upon tin1 Federal Constitution, or
the Jaws fairly passed by Congress, by virtue of
powers conferred upon it, has always and every-
where among ua been h<dd a fit subject for judicial
decision. Upon a proper case legitimately brought
before our courts, there never, within my knowl-
edge, has been hesitation on the part of northern
judges to meet and to decide upon the binding
force of any statute whose constitutional founda-
tion had been called in question. The liberty laws
ofMassaehusettsand of other New England States
have been invoked in the discussions wo hove
listened to, and thou* provisions made the subject
of fierce and angry comment.
Mr. Chairman, this i1-? not the tribunal before
which I choose to maintain the ric;ht of Massa-
chusetts to enact any laws that an' found upon
her records. That Commonwealth is not to be
brought to the bar of Congress to answer tor her
legislation. Bnt what I mean to say is this—and
because it is an answer to the ehaige of re fu-
sion, i find it within the line of my argument to
say it—that the example was act by southern
States of passing State luwa to protect southern
institutions and southern citizens. They luue no
right to criticise in thnt respect the action of the
North/ But, sir, when the courts of the South
are open, as those of the North ahvaysaie, to the
freest inquiry and the fullest latitude of examina-
tion; when the rights of free discussion and of free
speech are acknowledged, not by word of mouth,
but in deed and truth, it will be time enough for
us to compare and to contrast with them our sev-
eral laws. But whether a particular State law is
wisely or unwisely enacted at the South or at the
North, there is no logic nor common sense in say-
ing that thereby the institutions of other State,<3
are attacked. The legislation of each State is for
the citizens of that State, and those who bring
themselves within its junsdietion.
But it is said that men m the free States read
and write, and discuss questions of human free-
dom, and hold public meetings, and pass resolu-
tions; and that the free press spreads before the
world the arguments advanced to prove that men
of whatsoever color are to be regarded as men,
and not as the beasts that perish. So they do.
So they always have. So they always will.
The right of free discussion is claimed in every
State within our Confederacy. The exercise of
that right must, perhaps of necessity,be affected,
qualified, controlled, in a degree, by the character
of the social or domestic institutions within the
State. If a southern Legislature judge it to be un-
safe, conducive to insurrectionary violence, to per-
mit me to declare publicly within that State the
opinions which I hold upon the subject of slavery,
and shall pass a law prohibiting such discussion
within that State, I have no right to violate that
law. It is plain enough that free speech is to that
extent controlled. If a northern Legislature, for
reasons of State policy 01* necessity, should pro-
hibit the dissemination of doctrincs subversive of
the laws of God, to that extent the right of free
speech would also be controlled. But if, in a
northern State, a mail should disobey, claimingthat
the law itself was in violation of his constitutional
rights, he would act at his peril, but it would be
a peril under the law. He might discuss its con-
stitutionality with perfect safety. If the law were
sustained, punishment would follow his oifense.
That he would expect. If not sustained, his right
of free, speech would be vindicated. No gentleman
will say, I think, that a like security would be af-
forded in a southern State. Well, sir,let it be so.
Forbid discussion by law, if it be thought best;
punish discussion by summary administration of
Lynch law, if you will; deny, if you choose, all
appeals by which the constitutionality of prohib-
itory laws may he tested. But that must exhaust
your power, and more than exhaust the rightful
exercise of any power under the law. But you
cannot be permitted to control free discussion
within the limits of a free State, nor have you
any right to hold that discussion aggressive.
Why, sir, the institutions of freedom arc not
discussed more fearlessly and boldly and uncom-
promisingly at the North than the practices of
slavery arc at the South. I have a letter before
me, published by Colonel Jacobs in a Maryland
paper, to which 1 intended to make reference. He
discusses what he eaUs the " white slavery" of
the free States. No one objects to it. Let the
" holy institution," the " ordinance of God," be
discussed. Let the curse of labor—of free white
labor—be exposed. But while the southern slave-
holder talks, the northern freeman will not remain
dumb.
Sir, the Missouri compromise was the result of
a political contest, in which the South gained a
victory—as she always has—by tho faithless ac-
tion of northern men. But when Missouri had
been gamed, and Arkansas was secured, and all
the benefits derived to the South which that line
had promised, nothing was left to freedom but
the unsettled regions of Nebraska and Kansas.
The wicked attempt to take from the free laborer
tho right to live upon that soil, and to work for
himself and for Ins children without the contact
and the taint of slave labor at his side, was an
aggression upon the North, and upon the free
institutions of the land, which stands out in un-
approachable meanness upon the annals of our
congressional history. No wonder that, from the
political turmoil cf that legislation, the Republican
party sprang into existence. One leading idea
compelled its formation. Such has been the case
at all times. Parties cannot be forced into life.
Thnygrowthemsclves out of events, andbecause
the people call for them.
So ithas been with every party formed since
the foundation of our Government. The Federal-
ist, the Democratic, the National "Republican, the
Whig, tho Free Democratic, the Anti-Masonic,
the American, and now the Republican, have
rested mainly, each in turn, \Spon one distinctive
principle. "VVhen a party has gained power,and
has the responsibility of conducting the Govern-
ment, it must adopt a certain course of policy.
The platform of tho Republican party is simple,
comprehensive, and national. It proposes to re-
strict slavery, and to administer the Government
upon principles nationalized by its ablest states-
men. Democratic success is slavery extension,
jj The Kansas bill of Judge Douglas, and the Dred
' j Scott decision of Judge Taney, cover the ground.
1i We have been asked, why should we restrict sla-
very ? The answer has been given over and over
again: because it is wrong in itself; because it
is the source of wrong in others; because it is a
blight upon the land which tolerates it; because it
justly brings our nation into reproach; because it
is against the spirit of our Constitution and the
policy of its framers. You say, restrain slavery
within its present limits, and it must die. Very
well; let it die. Why should we contribute of
our substance to preserve its life? But you say
further, with singular inconsistency, let us alone;
what has the North to do with slavery; why do
you .discuss it in pulpit and in pew and in parlor,
m senate and in street? rfit is a curse, it afflicts
us and not you.
Stop there. If you are content to let slavery
remain where it now is, the terrible irony of the
question might go without rebuke. But you arc
not. You press it upon us. Senator Douglas
opens the Territory; Judge Taney carries in the
slave; President Buchanan forbids us to say ho
must come out. And yet you demand to know
what the North has to do with slavery. This
territorial policy of the new Democracy opens to
the North the whole question of slavery. Wc
must discuss it. You demand to know what the
North has to do with slavery.
In the time remaining to me, my answer must
be concise and brief. I had hoped to discuss this
subject more at length. Sir, slavery extension
will give undue and oppressive political power to
the new States, to be exerted against the interest
of every free State. Why should the non-elave-
holding States consent that new States should be
made from free territory, where five slaves shall
represent three free men in political power? The
inequality of representation is now great enough.
We are now the official associates of twenty gen-
tlemen, and more that that, whose chairs would
be vacant here if it weie not for the slaves of the
South! The honorable gentleman from Now
York [Mr. Clark] referred some time ago to the
fact that he represented on this floor the most
wealthy constituency in the country. His con-
stituents own ships and houses, stocks, manu-
facturing establishments, mines, and banks. But
they own no negroes; and therefore their prop-
erty cannot give to them political power. With
£1,000,000 m property, not one vote the more
is created ! The humblest and poorest freeman
wields as great political power at the North as tho
man who counts by millions his vast possessions.
One slaveholder, with $1,000,000invested in slave
property—valuing the human chattels at $1,000
each—will represent the political power of six
hundred men besides himself! That is to say—
politically—this slaveholding millionaire repre-
sents quite a village of free white men "rolled
into one."
Now, sir, we of the North can see no reason
why this unjust inequality should be increased
by the creation from free territory of slave States.
When the subject of "equalization of represent-
ation" was first considered in the constitutional
convention, Mr. Martin, of Maryland, in dis-
cussing this three fifths question, said:
"Af five Miaves? in the apportionment of Representatives,
weic reckoned as equal to three fieemen, such a permis-
sion amounted to an encouragement of the *lavu nade.
Slaves weakened the Union, which tho other pruts wore
hound to protect; the privilege ot impotting tii-'m was,
theretorc, umeasonable. Such a feature in the <Jom>titu
uoti was inconsistent with the principles of the Revolution,
and dishonorable to tho American character.'-1
Mr. Mason, duiing the same discussion, re-
marked that—
Slavery discourages an and manufactures*. The poor
despi$0 labor when peifounedbvMavcs. They ptevent the
immigiation ot whites who leally cmich and htiengthen a
country. They produce a pernicious efi'ect on maimers.
Evt'iy master of t-la\e& 15 horn a petty fjiant. They bring
the judgment ot" Heaven on a country.'1
Upon'what fair ground arc northern men in-
voked to withhold discussion? How can it be
argued that the North has nothing to do with
slavery when the Democracy of the South would
carry slavery into all the Territories, to be at some
future day organized into slave States with tho
political power now guarantied to them?
Mr. Chairman, the extension of slavery into the
Territories will drive out from them free labor.
But free labor comes mainly from the free States.
