1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
ing. If this subject can lie over until Thursday
next, T shall not occupy twenty minutes in what
I shall have to submit. I have no objection to its
going over.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to this
motion, if the Senator from Wisconin desires to
speak, though it will lead to no practical result.
The bill which the President has vetoed, every-
body knows is as dead as a mackerel. You can
never resurrect it, or get a vote on it; but if you
want to keep the question alive, so as to debate
it, I have no objection; but I am not willing to
allow it to interfere, to-morrow, with the resolu-
tions I introduced. I am perfectly willing to move
that this motion lie over until 'thursday at one
o'clock, and 1 make that motion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the understanding
that I shall have the floor on that question ?
Mr. BROWN. I suppose my resolutions come
up as a mutter of course. Then I move to post-
pone those resolutions until to-morrow at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We must first
dispose of the question before the Senate. Tt is
moved to postpone this motion of the Senator from
Michigan, until Thursday next, and make it the
special order for that day, at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. With all due deference, I submit
that the discussion of to-day has been continued,
I suppose, on the ground that it involved a great
constitutional question, on which it was thought
proper, as an adverse opinion had been expressed,
to allow a defense,but there can be no action on it
at any time. The order to print has been given
and executed. The message is on our table this
morning. There is, therefore, nothing m the prop-
osition to reconsider the order to print that mes-
sage, which can be acted on at any time. I hardly
think it proper to postpone it.
Mr. BROWN. My colleague perhaps does
not understand that the Senator from Wisconsin
asks to he hoard on this question.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 understand it. Let the Sen-
ator speak now or to-moirow, but do not let us
pestpone a question which has no possible decis-
ion at any time attached to it.
Mr GWIN. Is it in order to move to adjourn ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I hope, there will not be an
adjournment. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on the
motion. 1 see what it moans.
Mr. GWIN. I make the motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I call for the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to *ask a single
question. What effect will the adjournment have
on the pending proposition?
The PRESI DING OFFICER. It will leave it
as the unfinished business, the first thing in order
after the morning business shall be disposed of
to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi, that if he will con-
sent to the motion to adjourn, I shall not call up
this question to-morrow; but 1 can do so subse-
quently; and at sometime when the Senate i,s not
occupied, 1 will call it up and say all that 1 de-
sire to say.
Mr. BROWN. If my resolutions will come
up to-morrow at one o'clock, I shall notobjcctto
the adjournment; but I do object to having leso-
Iutions of this sort postponed by parliamentary
tactics.
Mr. GWIN. I do not make this motion in
order to postpone the Senate's resolutions by
parliamentary tactics, for 1 shall move to postpone
them whenever an opportunity presents itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is not
in order on the question of adjournment. The
Senate has ordered the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mi. HUNTER. I do not want to debate the
question of adjournment, but to notify Senators
that the Post Office appropriation bill has come
over, and will probably be reported to-morrow
morning.
Mr. BROWN. It is just as I supposed. Reso-
lutions which look to the protection of slavery m
the Territories arc to be postponed by these par-
liamentary tactics, until eternity That is what
it means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will call the roll, on the motion to adjourn.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 22,
nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Bigter, Bragsr, Bright, Clay,
Crittenden, Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, G win, Haun, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson, Pearce,
Powell. Rice, Saulsbury, Slidell, Toombs, and Wigfall—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Chandler, Clark,
Clinginaa, Dooirttlc, Douglas, and Hailan—8.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 6, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliot.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Piielps] to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union the
Post Office appropriation bill, introduced by him
on Friday last.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I rise to a personal
explanation. I find in the Mobile Register 
Mr. GROW. 1 rise to a question of order,
which might as well be made now as at any time.
It is, that mere newspaper articles are not ques-
tions of personal privilege, unless they impeach
the integrity of a member's coiuhict. If it is a
mere article commenting on his conduct, it is no
question of privilege.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It is not anything
impeaching the integrity of my conduct. It is
merely a misstatement of what occurred—an as-
sertion that 1 did hero what I have never done.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman will understand
that I do not make the point upon him personally
at all. My point of older, Mr. Speaker, is sim-
ply this: that mere newspaper articles, such as
the gentleman from Mis'souri refers to, do not
involve a question of personal privilege. If it is
a matter impeaching the integrity of a member in
his official acts, that is another matter; but mere
newspaper comment upon his coursc of proceed-
ing is not any question of privilege. I make the
point now, in the outset, m order to treat every
gentleman alike.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will bear me witness that I
have never tiouhled the House with reference to
any newspaper comments on my course. But,
sir, all I desire to say is this: I lind m a leading
article in t'ie Mobile Register of January 28, the
following:
Mi. Cr-vitK. of Mi-^ouri, (the mover of the Helper ies>-
olution,) deelaicd on iho tlooi of Congress that the fir<t
choice of his consutu°ne\, and of the gioat mass ot the
people oi'Miwouu, \\a-« Mi. Douglas.
I merely want to remark that \ never uttered
such a remark upon this floor or elsewhere.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION 1JILL.
The question then recurred upon tin4 motion to
commit the Post Office appi opi iation bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the bill which I introduced on
Friday last, may be. considered in the House; and
if objection be made, i will move to suspend the
lules for that purpose.
Mr. GROW. 1 do not propose to object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri, but
I desire to know of him whether the bill providi s
for the payment of interest on any claims?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate upon the
bill previous to its coming before the House,
Mr. GROW. I am not going into any debate
—I merely made an inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the bill comes up for ac-
tion, it will be proper then to go into tin examin-
ation of it.
Mr. GROW. I ask, then, that the bill may
be read, so that we can see what is in if.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, let the bill be
read; and then, when it comes up, I shall propose
to go into an examination of its provisions.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make this state-
ment, which may relieve the minds of gentlemen
to some extent 
Mr. MAYNARD. I propose that the bill shall
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that all debate upon it
there shall terminate in fivfe minutes after the
committee shall proceed to its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the bill taken up, if
at all, without debate. «
Mr. PHELPS. Then let the bill be read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill in ex-
tenso.
During the reading of the bill,
Mr. GARNETT said: I want it distinctly un-
derstood by the Speaker and the House that there
is not unanimous consent to take that bill up and
to pass it, unless it is agreed that it shall pass
through the usual course of appropriation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON Let the Ckrk finish the read-
ing of the bill.
The Clerk then read the bill through,as follows:
Bcitenacbelhythc Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrica in Congress assembled, That
the stun of $-1,293,009 is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Trea&uiv not otherwise appropriated, for tile
puipooC of supplying the deficiency in the revenues and de-
fraying the expenses of the Po^t Office Department for the
j ear ending ttie 3Jth of June, lb39.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That, towards the sup-
port of the Po.-t Office Depaitment, lbs lite fi>cal year end-
ing the 30th of Juno, 1863, the sum of $4,000,000, payable?
out of any money m the Tiva- ury arising fiom the revenues
of the Post Othce lVpaitment, is hereby appropriated, and
the further sum of $3,400,003 if hereby appropriated, pay-
able out of any money in the Trea-uiy not otheiwise ap-
propriated, said f-unis to be expended in eontonnity with
the provisions of the Act of the 2d day of July, 1836, m the
payment of snlane-, of ofiieeis and clerks, and tortile trans-
portation of the mails.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enactcd. That interest, at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, to commence one month
after the expiration of the quaitor ui wbicli the service was
lendered, to the date of the approval of thu act, shall he
paid on all suin-5 found due to the contiactors foi cartyms?
the mail; and that a sum eutlkient to pay the <«ame he, and
is heicby, nppropi rated out of any money in the Tteasury
not otheiwive appropuated.
riuo. 4. Jind bed further enact al. Thai the sum of $1,000
he, and the >ame is heioby, appiopriated foi the seiviecs ol
tempotan clerk -, in e\p'dttnis  the payment of creditors of
the Pout Office Department.
Mr. PIIELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that this bill may be considered in
the House. If objection be made, I shall move
that the rules be suspended requiring the bill to
be first considered in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
I will state here, Mr. Speaker, that when the
bill comes up it is my intention to submit some
amendments to it. I propose to change the phra-
seology of the second section of the bill, and to
submit a motion to strike out the thiid section,
although I will myself vote against the latter
amendment. That third section provides for the
payment of interest to mail contractors. My ob-
ject is to ex; edite the passage of the bill, in order
that these contractors may receivc payment of
the amounts which may be due them. There
may be some difficulty in adjusting what maybe
adequate compensation in some cases; and there
may be another question, whether interest shall
not be extended further than to the mere contract-
ors for canying the mails, to such as these who
furnished paper, who have done the printing, and
have furnished various materials for the service of
the Post Office Department. If the T-Touse will
now consider this bill, I will, in order to avoid
those difficulties, move to strike out at the end of
the second section the words inserted at the in-
stance of some gentlemen of the other side—" sala-
ries of officers and clerks"—and to insert in lieu
thereof these words:
In payment of compensation to po^tma^tei-. and cleiks
m their office*, m.ul depredation?, and ^p?eial agents.
I will explain the reason for the proposed change.
All the postmasters of the United States are not
salaried officers. Many of them receive their com-
pensation by commissions upon the postages they
receive. Hence, if we use 1 he words "salaried
officers," we would only embrace a few of the
postmasters. The language of previous appro-
priation bills of this character has been '' in pay-
ment of compensation to postmasters and the
clerks in their offices." And the reason for-my
embracing another item is this; special agents of
the -Post Office Department are sain lied officers.
There are some twenty or thirty of them, and we
have usually appropriated fifty or seventy thou-
sand d-dlais to'pav their salaries and for expenses
connected with the detection and arrest of persons
charged with depredations upon the mails of iho
country. Oftentimes these special mail agents arc
s'bhged to employ the services of police officer*1,
