.682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
and to keep them employed for a long period of
time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to make a sugges-
tion in reference to the third section. I understand
that the proposed amendment is to strike out that
section.which relates to the payment of interest.
Mr. PHELPS. It is proposed to leave that
subject for future consideration, when the supple-
mental bill comes before the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. And the gentleman has an-
nounced that he would vote against his own mo-
tion to strikeout; in other words, that he will vote
to retain that third section. If the majority of the
House shall pursue that course, the third section
will be retained. There is one feature in that third
section I would desire to sec modified; and then,
with the gentleman from Missouri, I will vote for
it. It is, that the interest there provided shall be
payable to the contractors themselves, and not to
their assignees, to whom they have been obliged
to sell their scrip, often at a ruinous discount; and
furthermore, that the interest shall be accepted in
lieu of damages by reason of non-payment. If
we consider the bill in the House, it seems to me
that we would be obliged to cut off interest alto-
gether, or else to take the third section in the pre-
cise shape in which it is now written.
Mr, PHELPS. I will reply to the suggestion
of my friend from Tennessee. I presume that
the motion to strike out will^be carried. I tlnnk
thatlam not mistakenin thetemperof theHouse,
that the motion to strike out the third section of
the bill shall prevail, in the hope that this matter
shall be adjusted in another bill, hereafter to be
presented. Furthermore, I am anxious speedily
to dispose of this question, in order that these
contractors may receivc the amounts due them
from the Post Office Department, and that they
may not be compelled to abandon the mail ser-
vice of the country.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman put the word
" exclusive" before the words " payment of com-
pensationi"&c.r
Mr. PHELPS. I will.
Mr. GRO W. I believe that it was generally
understood in the House that we were not to put
interest in this bill, but to consider the mode and
kind of relief to be given to these contractors m
a bill of itself, when we should have time to de-
liberate upon it fully.
Mr. PHELPS. Is unanimous consent given
to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. PETTIT. I understand that the applica-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri is for unani-
mous consent to consider this matter in the House.
With no unkindncss to his proposition, I object,
preferring that this bill should go through the
usual mode.
Mr. PHELPS. I move, then, to suspend the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. MAlNAftD. Before the question upon jj
suspending the rules is put, I ask my friend from
Missouri if he will accept a pi oviso which I hold
in my hand, to the third section, with a view to
perfecting it before the motion to strike out is
put?
Mr. PHELPS. There will be time to consider
that matter when the present motion is decided
The House divided on Mr. Phelps's motioli;
and the Speaker announced that there appeared
to be a sufficient number up.
Mr. STEVEXS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and navs.
Mr. NOELL. 1 object to th at, as the call
comes too late.
Mr. PHELPS. The demand for the yeas and
nays by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I think,
comes too late. The Speaker had announced the
result—that the motion had been carried.
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; the gentleman is
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
too late. The Chair will order tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Messrs. Lovejoy, and Craig of Missouri, wore
appointed tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes forty, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 157, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. (Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Adram,
Aldrich, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Bab-
bitt, Barr, Bairett, Bingham, Bian, Bocock, Bonham,Bote-
ler, Bouli^ny, Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffinton, Burch,
BuiUngame, Burnett, Burroughs, Butteifield, Campbell,
Carey, Caiter, Case, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Cooper, Corwm, Covode, Cox,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Da-
vidson, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, De Jamette, Dim-
mick, Duel!, Edmund>on, English, Ethendge, Farnsworth.
Fenton, Feriy, Florence, Foster, Fouke, French, Gartrell,
Gilmer, Goocb, Graham, GuiJey, Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J.
Mormon Harris, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Hoard,
Hoi man, Houston, Howard, Humphrey, Hutching, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, ICeitt, Francis W. Kellogg, Lan-
drum, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Logan, Loomis,
Maclay, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, McCIernand,
MeKnight, McQueen, McRae, Millvvard, Montgomery,
Laban T. Moore. Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, NibIaek,'Njxon,
Noeli, Perry, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Reagan,
Rej-nnlds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Ruffin, Ru>t, Schwartz, Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sickles. Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Stanton, James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stout, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, Trimble, Vance,
Vandever,Verrec, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cad vvaladerC.
Washburn, EUihu B. Wa'shburne, Israel Washburn, Weils,
Whiteley, Wilson, Wm&lovv, Woodruff, and Wright—157.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Realc, Blake, Burnham,
"Cobb, Reuben Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwaids, Ely,Garnctf,Hardein-an, Haskin, Helmiek, Hick-
man, Irvine, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, ICillinger,
Lee, Lovejoy, Maynard, MeKean, Miles, Millson, Moor-
head, Palmer, Pettit, Pottle, Uuarlcs, Sherman, Somes,
Spauldmg, Spinnei, Stevens, Tompkins, Tram, and Van
Wyck—41.
So the rules were suspended—two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
During the call of the roll,
Mr.MOORHEAD stated that Mr. McPherson
was sick, and had paired off for the day with Mr.
Vallandigham, who was also detained from the
House by indisposition.
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Stevenson
was confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. NIXON stated that Mr. Stratton had
paired off for to day with Mr. Simms.
Mr. WHITELEY. I paired off for the day
with Mr. Wood; but, by the consent of Mr.
Wood's colleague, his pair has been changed to
Mr. Woodson.
Mr. CURTIS. I voted under a misapprehen-
sion. 1 desire to have it distinctly understood
that 1 am in favor of forwarding this measure to
pay the mail contractors. I vote '* ay."
Mr. LAMAR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to vote. I was not within the bar,
not being aware that the vote was being taken.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman was not
within the bar when his name was called, he can-
not vote.
Mr. LAMAR. But I ask unanimous consent.
Mr. PHELPS. I must object.
Mr. LAMAR. I would have voted in the
affirmative.-
Mr. HINDMAN. I was not in the Hall when
my name was called. I have been confined to
my room by indisposition, and have just reached
the Hall. I ask unanimous consent to vote.
Mr. CASE. I object.
Air. HINDMAN. I would have voted for a
suspension of the rules.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I will not ask the
unanimous consent of the House to vote, although
from indisposition I was prevented from being
here earlier, as I was prevented from being here
last Friday. I would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I voted against a suspen-
sion of the rules because I had not seen the bill.
Since that time it has been furnished to me, and
I now change my vote, and vote " ay."
Mr. LANDRUM. I understand the provisions
of this bill better than I did when my name was
called: and being satisfied with it, I change my
vote, and vote " ay."
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Assunv Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed 'a resolution
that a committee be appointed to join such com-
mittee as may be appointed by the House, to wait
upon the President of the United States, and in-
form him that a quorum of each House has as-
sembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make; and
that Mr. Slidell, Mr. Foot, and Mr. Thom-
son, had been appointed on the part of the Senate.
Also, communicating a list of documents or-
dered to be printed by the Senate since the com-
mencement of the present session, showing the
j number of copies ordered and the time when
ordered.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. By leave of the House, I will
now withdraw the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and I desire to submit an amendment,
which I send to the Clerk. It is to change the
phraseology of the second section of the bill, and
to strike out the third section of the bill. Let the
Clerk read the end of the second section as it is,
and then as it will be if my amendment pre-
vails.
The second section was read, as follows:
Jiiid be it further enacted, That towards the support of
the Post Office Depaitment for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1SG0, the sum of $4,000,000, payable out of
any money in the Treasuiy arising from the revenues of
the Pobt Office Department, is hereby appropriated; and
the further sum "of {$2,400,000 is hereby appropriated, pay- '*
able out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated; said sums to be expended in conformity with
the provisions of the act of the 2d day of July, 1836, in
the payment of salaries of officers and clerks, and for the
transportation of the mails.
The proposed amendment to the second section v
is as follows: )
Strike out the words, "salaries of officers and clerks." /
and insert in lieu thereof the words '• exclusively of com-
pensation to postma&ters and clerks in their offices, mail
depredations, and spf-cial agents;" so that the concluding
clause shall read:
Said hums to be expended in conformity with the pro-
visions of the act of 2d of July, 1836, in the payment ex-
clusively of compensation to postmasters and clerks m their
offices, mail depredations, and special agents, and tor the
transportation of the matK
The SPEAKER. The question is upon agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to strike out the words 
Mr. PHELPS. I have not surrendered the
floor. I desire to explain the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to submit an amend-
ment, so that it will come up for a vote.
Mr. PHELPS. When isubmitted myamend-
ment at the Clerk's desk, I desired to have the
Cierk read the second section as it was, and as it
will be if my amendment shall be adopted, so that
it might be understood by the House. That has
been done. I at the same time submitted an amend-
ment, to strike out the third section of the bill,
which is the section providing for the payment of
interest.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man from Missouri allow me to ask him whether
he includes both of these subjects in the same
amendment?
Mr. PHELPS. I do; and my object was to
explain to the House 
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
I want to propose an amendment to the second
section before we leave it; but if the gentleman is
permitted to offer an amendment proposing to
change two or three sections, then, before even I
can get the floor t'o submit a motion, the previous
question may be put upon the bill. I object, then,
to an amendment embracing a change of both the
second and third sections, unless the gentleman
will allow me to submit my amendment for a vote
whenever we get to it.
Mr. PHELPS. I have submitted the amend-
ment I have indicated, as an entirety, to modify
the second section, and to strike out the third sec-
tion. I desire simply to explain to the House
that in the second section of the bill there is only
a sufficient amount of money appropriated for the
purposes therein indicated, to defray the expenses
of the Post Office Department up to the 1st of Jan-
uary last. And f am looking to speedy action
upon the part of this House for such further ap-
propriations as it will be necessary to make in
order to carry on thePostOfficeDepartmentdunng
this fiscal year; and when that bill shall come be-
fore the House, this question of interest, and this
question of compensation to contractois can be
then considered, as also the other appropriations
necessary for supporting the Department for this
fiscal year.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question, while he is explaining
this matter to the House ?
Mr. PHELPS. CemJnly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, m order that the matter may be fullyunder-
stood by the House, in what manner he obtained
