2646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
ciation of that responsibility I invoke their con-
sideration and their attention to what may be of-
fered upon the one side and upon the other of
th6se resolutions.
Before plunging into the almost boundless sea
of testimony which has been offered here, on the
one side and the other, in this contested-election
case, covering, as I have said, a thousand pages,
piled together at the printing office without order
and without index, allow me to call the attention
of the House to the manner of voting, the qual-
ification of voters, and to the history of parties in
this congressional district. It is the first congres-
sional district of Missouri, consisting of the city
and county of St. Louis. A plurality elects, and
the voting is by ballot, but in this way—which,
so far as I know, is peculiar to this district—every
voter as he comes up with his ballot hands it to
the inspector, and the inspector first puts a num-
ber upon the back of the ballot. He then writes
down the name of the voter, and puts the same
number opposite his name, and then deposits the
ballot in the ballot-box. That is a provision of
law for preserving the ballots in the county clerk's
ofiice in the county of St. Louis. The act which
prescribes these details is entitled "An act to
facilitate the detection of frauds in elections."
And it can be at once seen that an examination
of the ballots in the boxes, and a compaiison of
them with the poll-list, discloses precisely for
whom each voter cast his vote. So that m the
examination of contested-election cases there is
left nothing except the qualification of (he voters.
These ballots arc deposited in the ofiice of the
clerk of the county court of St. Louis. The elec-
tion took place on the 2d of August, 1858. It
was a general election—comprising State officers
innumerable, members of the Legislature,county
officers, judges of the county court, and members
of Congress. There were three candidates iri the
field for the office of Representative in Congress—
the contestant representing what is known as the
free Democracy, the sitting member representing
what is known as the national Democracy, and a
gentleman named Breckinridge representing the
American, party. The whole number of votes
cast at that election was 19,356.
The committee were led, in their inquiries, to
ascertain as well as they might the history and
relative strength of parties at the previous elec-
tion. The election for member of Congress next
preceding; was the only one at which there was
this relative situation of parties. Two years be-
fore this election there was precisely the same:
division of parties. There was the contestant,
who represented then the free Democracy, a gen-
tleman of the name of Reynolds, who represented
the national Democracy, and a gentleman of the
name of Kennett, formerly a member of Congress,
.who represented the American party.
So far as the committee was able to learn from
the testimony—and I have never heard it ques-
tioned—the election two years ago was very spir-
ited, as between these three gentlemen. So also
was the contest at this election. It was thought
by the committee that the natural increase of vote
arising from the growth of the city during the two
years that had intervened, could not account for
the vastly increased vote counted for the sitting
member at the last election. The aggregate vote,
as counted at the last election, was 19,356; the
aggregate vote at the election two years before
was 13,865—showing, an increase in two years of
5,491 votes. It appeared to the committee that the
increase was altogether too large to be imputed
to the natural growth of the city of St. Louis. It
must have arisen from one of three different
sources—from the natural growth of population,
from a latent vote not brought out at the previous
election, or from fraudulent votes. An analysis
of the vote will throw some light on the question
as to which of these sourccs the increase is tiace-
able The vote two years before was divided, as
follows: Mr. Reynolds, the representative of the
national Democracy, corresponding to the sitting
member in party politics, received 2,281 votes;
Air. Blair received 6,035 votes; Mr. Kennett, the
American candidate, received 5,549 votes. Iiow
did the vote stand at the last election? The sit-
ting member received 7,057 votes, against 2,281
votes cast for the candidate of his party two years
before; Mr. Blair 6,631 votes, against 6,035 cast
for him two years before; and Mr. Breckenridge,
the candidate of the American party, 5,668 votes,
against 5,549 votes cast for the candidate of his
party at the same election. In other words, Mr.
Blair received 415 votes more than he had re-
ceived at the previouselection; Mr. Breckinridge
119 votes more than the candidate of his party
had received at the previous election; and Mr.
Barret 4,776 votes more than the candidate of his
party had received at the previous election.
If this was an honest vote, arising from the nat-
ural increase of population in the city of St. Louis,
the addition to the number of inhabitants would
have been so considerable that any person en-
gaged in the investigation could easily have
pointed to it. The fact could not be kept out of
sight. If the increase came from outside the lim-
its of the State, it was necessary that the voters
should have been there a whole year; for the qual-
ification of voters is, that they shall have resided
in the State one year, and in the city or precinct
in which they cast their votes three months. If
the increase had come from other points of the
State, it must still have been in the city for three
months; and such an increase of population as
would allow of five thousand additional votes
being cast, could not have escaped the notice of
residents of the city. Besides, sir, we should nat-
urally expect that the increase would be equally,
or nearly so, distributed all over the city and
county. We should not expect to find it in one
spot, or in two or three; and, if in one, two, or
three localities, then the more easy was it to
point it out, and tell whence it came, and what it
was.
But, in the examination of this case, it appears
thatthereare thirty-five precincts, or voting places,
in that district, and yet that the whole increase is
confined to five or six precincts; while in the other
precincts the relative vote is just about what it
was at the previous election. So, sir, the increase,
if it was one, has this remarkable feature about
it, that it was in particular places, and—1 may as
well say here—in peculiar places, too: in some
quiet, out-of-the-way places. In one precinct, in
particular—the Gravois coal mine—where there
had been but 54 votes cast at the preceding elee-
tion, the votes at the last election ran up to 185.
Another remarkable feature in the case is, that all
these votes were cast for the one candidate, and
that the sitting member.
It was a little remarkable, it appeared to the
committee, if this was an honest increase of votes;
if men had arrived in St. Louis since the previous
election to the number of twenty or twenty-five
thousand—for it must have required that number
of population to have made up this additional 5,000
votes. I am told that there must have been from
thirty-five to fifty thousand to make it up, but I
do not wish to over-estimate the number. 1 say, if
they came there from different parts of the United
States, or from different parts of the world, it was
a little singular, as it seemed to the committee,
that, on their first vote in St. Louis, they should
have cast their entire vote for one of three differ-
ent candidates who were at the same time cach
actively canvassing for votes at the polls.
But all this may be said to be accounted for by
the latent vote, which had not been called out at
previous elections; yet is it probable that sueh a
latent vote which had never been called out befoie
would not have distributed itself m diifcrent parts
of the city, and have been given for different candi-
dates? Is it likely they would have all been
found in these five, six, or seven precincts out of
the thirty-five m the city or district? These in-
dications seemed to the committee to be strong
that the origin of this increased vote could not be
imputed cither to a natural, honest increase of
voters, or to a vote which, for the first time, was
drawn out at this election. There was no attempt
on the part of anybody to trace it to an influx of
population, nor to a latent vote. It appeared to
the committee that it would have been an easy
matter, if such were the origin, to have pointed it
out; and as it was not pointed out to them as being
traced to either of these causes, the conclusion
was irresistible that it was a fraudulent vote.
As I before remarked, it came from one of three
sources. The contestant has alleged that it was
a fraudulent vote. Immediately after the service
of the notice of this contest, he applied to the
county clerk for liberty to inspect these numbered
ballots deposited by law in the county clerk's
office. The application was resisted by the sit-
ting member; and the judges of the county court,
one of whom was upon the ticket with the sitting
member, and returned with him as elected upon
these identical numbered ballots, passed an order
enjoining the clerk of the county court, and pro-
hibiting him from showing the ballots to the con-
testant.
When the contestant came to take testimony,
he made application to a judge of the circuitcourt,
under the law of Congress of February 19,1851,
which expressly commands, upon application,
any person having any paper or papers pertain-
ing to the election, to produce them upon the order
of a judge.
This judge passed the order, and in that way
were these ballots produced, made part of this
case, and will be found in the evidence.
Then, sir, the committee, after this general in-
vestigation, turned their attention to particular
precincts; and those members of the House who
arc doing me the honor to listen to my remarks,
by turning to page 6 of the report, v/ill find a
comparison of votes in four of these precincts, as
follows: ,
Comparison of the vote for Representative to Congress in
J8oG and 1858, in four precincts challenged by the contest-
ant.
Gravois precinct.
1856—Kennett, (American.)  47
Reynolds, (Demociat,).    4
Blair  4
1858—Breckinridge    24
Barret          153
Blair ,  7
Carondelet.
185G—K cn n etf ..     114
Reynolds  44
Blair 104
1858— Breckinridge  66
Barret   286
Blair 159
East precinct, ninth ward.
1856—Kcnnet 240
Reynolds  47
Blair 271
1858—Breck tin idge 234 :
K,ii ret 492
Bl.ur 1% ;
West precinct, ninth ward.
1856—Kennett    31 -
Reynolds*    .102 ;
Bk'ur 267
18.18—Breckinridge          43
Barret 418 7
Blair  .224
Total.
1856—Kennett, (American)    432
Reynolds, (Democrat)  107
BJair  646
1858— Ricckinridge, (American)  370
' Barret, (Democrat) 1,349
Blair  586
The Gravois precinct, as it is called, is a small
precinct a little outside of the city of St. Louis.
It is called the "coal diggings," and gentlemen
can gather the habits of the residents somewhat
from the character of the business carried on
there.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, for my own inform-
ation, whether, under the laws of Missouri, the
voters in St. Louis city and county were required
to vote in the precinct in which they resided >
Mr. DAWES. They were not. I will state
to the gentleman that any legal voter in that con-
gressional district may vote at any precinct within
the district, provided that he first takes an oath
that he has not voted, and will not vote, at that
election in any other precinct. All such must
take this oath; so that there can be no uncertainty
as to them.
Mr. NOELL. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts one question. 1 understand
him to say that the character of the persons in-
dicated could be known by the character of their
business. -Do I understand the gentleman to mean
that persons engaged in that kind of labor ara
men of lower character than any others?
Mr. DAWES. My friend from Missouri need
not take alarm. I trust he has worked for a liv-
ing. If he has not, I have. I mean to say the
habits of life; and that it is notnatural that upper
tendom—if I may be allowed the expression—^-that
Fifth avenue men would live at a coal diggings.
I meant, by the expression I used, that it is nat-
