260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 28,
36th Cong. .. .1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Jenlcins.
IIo. of Reps.
ing that may not be clearly done within the pro-
tection and under the authority of that Constitu-
tion which they profess to admire and venerate—
•will compel them to withdraw from this Union of
sovereign States. I have no desire to discuss a
statement which always when made assumes the
attitude of a threat. But do you not see, gentle-
men, that to make such threat is to render certain
of success, beyond theperadventure of defeat, the
party you threaten ? The Republican party pro-
poses to ascertain whether the Union is not strong
enough to sustain an Administration which will
rest upon the theory of our Constitution, and upon
the foundation which the fathers laid.
You may shatter, if you can, this fair fabric of
our freedom; you may make desolate the temple,
and strike down the statue; but the terrible re-
sponsibility shall rest upon yourselves.
In the earlier ages of the world, within one of
the old temples of Memnon, a colossal statue had
been erected; and it was said that daily, m the
morning, as the rays of the sun fell upon the image,
sounds of sweet music went from it to inspirit
and to encouret^c the votaries at the shnne. But
an Egyptian king caused the statue to be shat-
tered mid the music to be hushed, that he might
find whence the strains proceeded, and whether
the priests within the temple had not deceived the
people. Sir, upon this land our fathers reared
their temple, and within it the colossal statue of
liberty has stood. Not in thel'norning alone, but
at high noon and at set of sun, day after day,
sounds of heavenly harmony have gone from it,
calling upon the oppressed and downtrodden to
come and to be free. Rude hands have been laid
upon that temple; hard southern blows have fallen
upon the statue; but when, if ever, the power
shall come that will shatter the edifice and lay
the colossal image low, in order that the mystery
of the music may be revealed, it will be found, I
believe, in the providence of God, that other hands
will rebuild and reconsecrate them both; but no
Washington, nor Jefferson, nor Madison, nor
Hamilton, nor such like artificers, will be commis-
sioned for the work, until that institution, which
dishonors man and debases labor and steals from
the stooping brow the sweat which should earn
his bread, shall be forever overthrown.
THE HI,AVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. A. a. JENKINS,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlprtl 2G, 1860.
The House in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. JENKINS said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 have heretofore invariably
confined my remarks to existing subjects of legis-
lation legitimately before this body f >r legislative
action. And even now, sir, I do not propose to
avail myself of the latitude of debate allowed in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to discuss irrelevant makers, as is often
done by members of this House; for, sir, the
state of the Union is the very subject upon which
I propose to speak, definitely and pertinently, if
I can.
"We have all seen the time, sir, when the state
of the Union, so far at least as affected the ques-
tion of its perpetuity, did net occasion a single
perturbed thought to any one individual within the
limits of the Republic. But now, sir, we know it to
furnish a subject of serious and anxious contem-
plation for million*, whose apprehensions for its
integrity and preservation I trust may not be too
well founded.
There is no denying the fact, Mr. Chairman,
that we are rapidly approaching a crisis in the his-
tory of the Republic; a crisis "which must culmi-
nate for weal or woe in a few brief months; for
within that time, it must be decided into whose
hands the control of the Federal Government will
pass foAhe next four years, and upon what prin-
ciples it will be administered. We, of the South,
believe that, should the Republican party be suc-
cessful in obtaining control of this Government,
including the Chief Executive office, such a state
of things would seriously impair our rights and
threaten the permanency of our institutions. On
the other hand, the Republicans affect to believe
that the prolonged ascendency of tli/Democratic
party would inflict just such calarruties upon the
people, and their institutions, of thp North.
It will then be in the most naaifoi order of the
subject to consider—
I. Would the triumph of the Republican party
in the next presidential Gontest furnish the South
with ground for serious apprehension and alarm?
Would the continued ascendencyof the Dem-
ocratic party furnish the North with just ground
for similar apprehension ?
In considering the former of these propositions,
we must first notice the fact that the North is<n
a majority in this Government Having a ma-
jority of btates, there is necessarily a majority of
northern Senators in the other wing of the Capi-
tol; and having a majority of representative pop-
ulation, there is a consequent northern majority
of Representatives upon this floor. And when,
as in the case supposed,"you shall electa Repub-
lican President, it will almost inevitably follow
that the same manifestation of popular sentiment
will convert the present northern majority in this
body into a purely Republican majority; and it
is but fair to presume that it will finally accom-
plish the same result in the Senate. Indeed, this
is the avowed object of the Republican party.
Then, sir,with a Republican President, a Repub-
lican Senate, and a Republican House, we will
witness the administration of the Government
upon the principles of thp Republican party. And
what are they ? Without stopping at this time to
enunciate them in the full and exact phraseology
of the various editions of its platforms, and with-
out meaning to be so illiberal as to make the ex-
treme views of some of the Republican party the
common standard of measurement for all the mem-
bers of your organization, yet your whole creed,
and all your principles maybe comprised in a nut-
shell—antagonism to the institution of negro slavery.
This is the Alpha and Omega—the beginning
and the end. Upon this principle of hostility to
the institutions of one section of the Confederacy,
the other section proposes to administer the Gov-
ernment. Sir, this proposition of itself is so
startling, so alarming, that any specification of its
foreboding evils seems almost unnecessary, in or-
der to stamp it in the minds of fair men and good
citizens with the seal of condemnation.
One of the first, most direct, and immediate
evils which the South would bp called upon to
endure, would bo the loss of millions of her prop-
erty. Her slaves could cross the borden by thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands with impunity.
How many of them, do you suppose, would be
returned, under the operation of the fugitive slave
law, when your Federal Executive, whose duty
it would be to see it faithfully executed, and his
marshals and deputy marshals, hold it as part of
their political faith that the law itself is uncon-
stitutional, null, and void? This idea needs no
elaboration. It is certain that vast multitudes of
slaves would flock across the border when the
news and excitement of the election of a Repub-
lican President should reach them.
Mr. K1LCORE. Does not the condition of
facts referred to by the gentleman result from the
charges of southern men that the Republicans
and the southern Opposition are disposed to favor
the emancipation of all the slaves ?
Mr. JENKINS. Nobody in my country was
ever so stupid as to make that charge against the
southern Opposition. The fact that the Repub-
lican party, or a large portion of it, is friendly to
the emancipation of the slave population, either
by force or persuasion brought to bear on their
owners, is well known to the slaves themselves.
Nor will I deny that our speeches and conversa-
tions, which our slaves have chanccd to overhear,
may have been partially the means of dissemina-
ting the knowledge of that fact among them. It
is absurd to expect that we could keep a fact of
that nature a profound secret among eight million
people.
Mr. KILGORE. Were not southern men and
the southern press the only source of information
to the slave population ?
Mr. JENKINS. They were not. One great
source of information of that character to our
glavfts was that of the emissaries sent among them
by a portion of the Republican party. I have
been an eye-witness to that fact; for I have seen
more than one of those fanatics incarcerated in
our jails for tampering with the slave population.
Mr. ASHMORE. With the pc rmission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that some of our slaves
can read and write. I hope he will bear that in
mind.
Mr. KILGORE. However that may be, it is
impossible for information to reach the slaves
through the post offices; because postmasters are
vigilant, South, to see that nothing of that kind
takes place.
Mr. JENKINS. If it does not reach them in
this way, it is not for want of effort on the part
of some of the party of the gentleman from Indi-
ana to convey information through this channel.
Mr. ASHMORE. The retort of my friend
from Virginia makes it unnecessary for me to
reply to the observation of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. JENKINS. I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that,
with the idea which the slaves of the South have
of tl^e Republican party, followed up by the known
triumph of that party in a presidential contest;
believing, and properly so, that to set foot in a
free State would then be practical emancipation,
who can say, sir, what multitudes would not es-
cape, of whom, in all human probability, not one
would ever be returned under the operation of the
fugitive slave act. Sir, to intrust the execution
of this law to a Republican President would bo
practically moving the border of Canada down to
Mason and Dixon's line. So far as this single
evil goes, disunion itself could hardly be worse;
for in the Union we would be onerously taxed to
support a Government which would give us no
protection; while out of the Union the same taxes
would furnish us with a border line of forts,
troops, and sentries, which, together with the reg-
ulation of our commerce.and intercourse with the
North, would do much to prevent*the escape of
our slaves.
But great as would be the intrinsic loss of prop-
erty which the South would ha\e to endure, m
case the administration of this Government should
pass into the hands of the Republican party, its
collateral results would inflict a still more deadly
and fatal blow upon the institution of slavery in the
border States; for it is apparent that when the loss
of any considerable number in these States should
demonstrate the insecurity of slave property in
the border States, that species of property would
at once be taken where it would be more secure.
In other words, sir, those slaves who did not run
away would be taken further South to prevent
their doing so in the future. And thus Viigmia,
now the largest slaveholding State in the Union,
Maryland,Kentucky, and Missouri, would soon
bo divested of the institution of slavery. And
this, too, would be a result much more rapid in
its accomplishment than we might at first suppose.
There might, indeed,remain, m the geographical
centers of these States, or in some other localities,
which j from peculiar causes, would be difficult of
egress for the absconding slave population, some
vestige of the institution, but it would be scarcely
woithy of the name.
I shall now proceed to consider still another
calamity which the success of the Republican
party would bring upon the South.
I mean, sir, that which would grow out of the
distribution of the patronage of this Government
throughout the South by a Republican President.
It is manifest, sir, that then, more than ever here-
tofore, though much the case with all parties, this
patronage would be distributed so as to tend to
foster and strengthen the party which dispensed
it. Under a Republican* President, then, every
office in the South to be filled by Executive ap-
pointment, would be bestowed upon those pro-
fessing the same political faith with the party con-
ferring it. Every newly-appointed Federal judge,
every district attorney, uvery United State's mar-
shal, and their deputies, every custom-house of-
ficer, every postmaster, every officer of every
description, with the long retinue of their em-
ployes—all would be Republicans. I trust I shall
not be met, at this point, in the mind of any hon-
est, unsuspecting southern heart, with the sug-
gestion that Republicans enough could not be had
