1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Baltic, through which we obtain our entire supply of hemp,
would have bcen„closed against us. That circumstance,
doubtless, opeiatcfl upon the mind of Mr. Paulding, in his
gioat desire to establish a domestic resource, upon which
we misfht safely and independently rely. Ifcseems, in tils
effort t<  accomplish this object, to have been prompted by
a p pi lit of patriotism, and to have acted under the full con-
viction that he was not transcending his lawful authority
in the moans which he employed. His whole course, in
the opinion of the committee, stands commended totheap-
pioval of the country; and hi* engagements with the claim-
ant, so far as they remain unredeemed, should be recog-
nized and (ulfiUed by the Government.
'• The claimant, conscious that the prosecution of the
enterprise would be attended with great difficulties, and
would probably involve lum in serious losses, expressed an
unwillingness to enter upon it."
It was not a voluntary proposition made by this
claimant. It was not one of those frequent eases
in which a man comes to the Government and
urges it into a contract for a speculative purpose;
but, this claimant was sent for by the Secretary of
the Navy. Ho was brought to the seat of Gov-
ernment to consult with him on subjects connected
with this enterprise; and he was urged, against
his will, toy the Secretary of the Navy, to enter
into it. These considerations appear to me to
relieve him entirely from any prejudice which any
Senator might entertain against him.
u The Secretary of the Navy, in order to overcome that
icluctance,gave him contracts for such a quantity ol hemp,
and at such a price, as would probably afford lum an ade-
quate remuneration in the event of success, and assured
him that the Department would take care he should be rec-
ompensed for any loss he might ultimately s-ustam m con-
sequence. of a jailure ol'the experiment. Mr. Paulding, in
hi? deposition, avers that he resigned his station at the head
of the Navy Department just about the period at which the
rejection of tlx* hfjmp of the claimaut took place, and that,
had he remained in office, he would have taken effectual
measures "to remedy, a> tar as possible, the injustice of the
decision of the inspectors at Boston, by causing the hemp to
be received, as he was then, and still is, of opinion that the
superiority of the claimant's hemp, in strength, more than
counterbalanced any alleged inferiority in cleanliness, and
that he had subsbantially fulfilled his; contract according to
the understanding of the parties.
" Had the hemp of the claimant been received, hv would
have realized a profit of $65,000 as * remuneration for the
time and means winch he had sacrificed m the accomplish-
ment of the great object for which his services were soli- <
cited and seemed. "lie wa.s assured that he should be in- '
demmfit'd 'ig'vnifct los*. <veM in the event of a Jailure. lie '
•did not fail, hut achieved a complete success—a success i
which not onh rendeied us independent of foreign coun- ;
tries lor <m ample supply of the be.st hemp in the world,for
our naval and commercial marine, but also stimulated and
developed an important agueultural interest in our coun-
try, whereby millions of dollars, which were annually bent
abroad in purchase of our hemp supplies, are now expended
at home, and contribute" to the general wealth and piosper-
ity of the country. Mr. Paulding says,' you did succeed,
where I venly believe not another man in the United States
would have done so ' Yet this success has not elicited the
fulfillment of the pledge of indemnify which was made the
claimant, even in the event of failure.
" It uppears, irom the testimony embraced in thU report,
that the hemp offered by the claimant for inspection was
diiduly and unjirstly rejected, and that he wan thereby not
onlj' unfaiily deprived of the piofits which he would have
realized ftoin the fulfillment of lu« contract, but conse-
quently cmbairassed and entirely ruined. The testimony
establishes the fact that the claimant, m order to cmlurk
upon the enterpusc at the earnest solicitation of a high
functionary of tne Government, so diverted his attention
fiom a lucrative nianufactuiiug pursuit,'which promised
linn to yi^klhim an ample fortune, that it fell into decay and
wont to ruin. It further appears that hewnuhe owner of a
large amount of piopeitv, exceeding the value of $50,000,
which seeing to have been sacrificed and lost through his
d.-votion to the hemp enterprise in b.'halt of the Govern-
ment; and that he d -voted to this object of gieat national
concern a considerable portion of the prime of his life, dur-
ing which time he manifested a degree of zeal, business
capacity, and coinage, both moral and physical, which, i£ j
confined to his private pursuit. for'thc same period ot time,
could scarcely have failed to prove a source of a liberal
wealth."
The Senator from Kentucky said he was en-
gaged a year, or one or two years,'in the prose-
cution of this enterprise. The testimony shows
that he was engaged six or seven years:
" The committee, hav.ng traced the legislative history of
this claim, find that its justice has been recognized by sev-
enteen favorable reports from committees in Congress, and
that )f has repeatedly pa *«ed, separately, both the Senate
and If<>u:?e of Representatives, hut never concurrently, so
as to consummate the proposed relief.
*< The Court of Ulaim«, after a thorough and elaborate
examination, have commended it to the favorable consid-
eration of Congress."
1 will state to the Senator from Delaware that
the decision of the Court of Claims was simply
on a technical and legal point. They said that
Mr. Paulding, under the law, had no authority
to make this contract, and therefore the Govern-
ment was not legally responsible for any damages
which this party sustained by the experiment;
but the Senate is hot bound by a legal technical-
ity. If this man entered into this contract in good
faith, and the Secretary of the Navy made it in
good faith, for the purpose of testing a great na-
tional experiment, which has resulted largely to
the benefit of the United States, it seems to me
that every principle of equity and of justice would
demand us to treat it precisely as if it had been a
naked legal contract.
" The Court of Claims, after a thorougii and elaborate
examination, liave commended it to the .favorable consid-
eration of Congress. ^
" In the conclusion of their opinion, reviewing the case,
(Itep. C. C. Ho. Doc. 81, Thirty-Fourth Cong., third sess.,
page 88,) they say:
"<The evidence tends to show that an active and enter-
prising man of business became embarrassed m his circum-
stances, and was deprived of the just and fair profits of an
lionest occupation, by his efforts to promote a matter of
national concern. We submit the whole matter to the con-
sideration of Congress, for such action us they, under all
the circumstances, shall consider just and equitable.'
' "For sixteen years the claimant has been struggling with
embarrassment and adversity, entailed upon him'by sacri-
fices made and losses sustained in the prosecution of this
enterprise. During that entire period he lias been be!or(?
Congress, seeking in vain a merited relief, not a bounty, but
a reparation of injuries sustained in theaecojnpUslimentof
an object of national concern, the benefit of which the coun-
try has for years been enjoying. He is now old, poor, af-
flicted with blindness, and threatened with the infirmities
incident to advanced age. These considerations unite with
the merits of the claim in imploring, at the hands of the
Government, an immediate relief. The committee, there-
fore, report a bill, the amount of which they consider inad-
equate to the losses sustained by the claimant in confer-
ring a great benefit upon the country."
The committee in tho House of Representatives
have reported a bill for precisely the same amount
as the Committee on Claims of the Senate—
$44,000. The Senator from Kentucky asks how
this amount has been arrived at. I confess it has
been partially arbitrary. It was very difficult to
ascertain by any proof what injury this party ac-
tually sustained. It is in proof, however, I think
conclusively—at least it is so stated by tho report
of the Senator from Florida upon your tabic—
that if the inspectors in Boston had accepted the
quantity of hemp which he manufactured and of-
fered to the^jovernment under his contract, he
would have made $65,000 clear money by the op-
oration. It is also in proof that these inspectors
colluded with the importers of foreign hemp to
break down this experiment of Mr. Myerle, for
the benefit of foreign importers, and that they did
him treat injustice by the rejection of his hemp;
for the Secretary himself, and persons'who ex-
amined this hemp, have testified to the fact that
the hemp was a stronger and better article than
any foreign article which had been introduced into
this country, and was wanting in nothing but a
little cleanliness, which was an unimportant con-
sideration at most. There can be no doubt, I
think, from the reading of the evidence in this
case, that the inspectors corruptly rejected the
hemp of Mr. Myerle.
Mr. SL1DELL. Will the Senator from Geor-
gia excuse me ? I should like him to point to that
portion of the record from which any such infer-
ence can be drawn.
Mr. IVERSON. I cannot do that, because 1
have not got U here.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have examined carefully,
and I can find nothing of that sort.
Mr. IVERSON. That is the report of Mr.
Mallory, and 1 take it for granted he would not
make the statement unless it was so. I am not
. familiar with the facts, and 'take the statement
more on what Mr. Mallory has reported than on
my own knowledge of the case. I think that is
justified by Mr. Paulding's declarations, because
he states in his deposition that if he had not gone
out of the Navjjjtopartment, he would have taken
means to reconsiuor the determination by winch
that hemp was, as he says, improperly (-ejected.
Improperly—why? Rejected, because the inspect-
ors considered it not altogether as clean as it ought
to be; and yet, by theJ:estimony of the witnesses,
it was a better article than any that had been im-
ported from abroad.
Now, sir, here is the case of an old man who
was employed by the Government, at the instance
of tho Government—not upon his own solicitation
or his own application—but employed to make an
experiment which cost him six or seven years of
labor, the best years of his life, and on it he ex-
pended a fortune of §50,000, and by it he has been
ruined. It is an experiment, too, which on all
hands is admitted to have been vastly beneficial
to the Government; because now, instead of being
dependent on a foreign supply, this very process, i
which he demonstrated to be one capable of heiftg
pursued successfully, has enabled,the GovcrnmeSst
to supply itself with a domestic articlc, and hafc
stimulated the production of this article in all the
w^tern States. Under these circumstances, I
think he comes with a powerful appeal to Con-
gress, not only to be generous and liberal to him,
but to do him an act of justice, and restore to him
som? portion of that fortune, at least, which he
has expended in the service of the Government,
Mr. BAyARD. I certainly disagree with the
honorable Senator from Georgia—with whom I
often have the misfortune to differ, perhaps from
the difference in the structure of our mitids—as to
the weight of testimony. When he imputes to
prejudice the resistance to this bill by Senators,
he does us great injustice. I certainly have no
prejudice against Mr. Myerle. I think I do not
know him personally. Perhaps I have seen him
once. Indeed, I rather felt sympathy for the
man; but I cannot suffer sympathy for the man
to bias or govern my judgment m determining
whether the bill ought to be passed, if there be
no evidence to sustain it. I thought such action
on my part here was judicial action, and', that I
was bound first to look to the proof of the facts
on which the claim rested, and then see whether,
taking the whole proof, there was a claim which
the Government was, bound justly—-I use that
term not technically, but justly—to pay. '
Now, sir, I differ with the honorable'Senator
from Georgia as to what he calls the technicality
on which he says the Court of Claims rejected tho
claim. I have lived long enough in forensic practice
to know that when that objection of technicality
is made, the word is almost always used for, tho
purpose of creating the idea that it is strict law
against right; but 1 consider it a principle here,
which stands far beyond technicality, that an
officcr of this Government—especially ail officer
having high powers—should not be permitted to
make contracts without authority of law. When
it is proposed that the Government shall recognize
his act where he abuses his authority or goes be-
yond his authority, it is not a technical objection,
but a matter of principle, in my judgment, to re-
ject any such contract which he lias made. It is
a principle that is neccssary for the transaction of
the business of the Government. You cannot eet
along without adopting that as a principle, ana if
adopted, it ought to be invariably adhered to.
Now, sir, what is the proof in this case? The
report of the Committee of the House draws in
what 1 consider an objection to this claim to sup-
port it. The Secretary of the Navy made an
application for- authority to make an advance to
carry out this contract. The Senate passed it;
but the House did not—the report says, as it is
understood—the House did not pass it, from want
of time to act on it. I do not know anything
about tho want of time. I know the law was not
passed. I know the House did not consider that
there was ground sufficient for them to pass the
law at the time. But, in the face of the refusal,
for it amounts to a, refusal by Congress to give
the power, the Secretary chose to exercise it in an
informal manner. The reportasreadalsothrous
into consideration that the Secretary of the Navy
consulted the Attorney General as to the extent
of his powers. Did the Attorney General reply
to him that he had power to make such a con-
tract? I apprehend not. The committee do not
say so. The opinion of the Court of Claims is
not read here; but I think I can understand it. I
think you will find, if you read it, that the Court
of Claims rejected this claim on the ground that
an officer had gone beyond tho extent of his au-
thority; and they report all the facts to Congress,
leaving it to Congress to say whether, under the
circumstances, they would make the allowance,
although the authority had been transcended. I
do not consider that as a mere technical question.
1 think it is of vastly higher importance that we
should not sanction such a precedent, than that
the individual should suffer in the particular case
arising from his making's, fcontract with one who
had no authority to make it with him.
, I therefore, sir, without having the slightest
prejudice against Mr. Myerle, cannot vote for
his bill, because I cannot sanction the precedent
which it embodies. I may say further, that the
bill is here reported for §44,400. It is admitted
that this is necessarily arbitrary in its nature.
My recollection is, that in a former bill which
