262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The-Slavery Question—Mr. Jenkins.-
Ho. of Reps.
South would be furnished with ground for appre-
hensions of the most serious character, which
would certainly threaten the existence of our con-
federate Union, and which, if they did not term-
inate in that common disaster, would be owing to
a forbearance on our part which you hare no
right to expect. Let us briefly consider the sec-
ond division of my subject, and inquire
Whether the success of the Democracy, the
party with which the South cooperates, would
entail similar apprehensions on the part of the
North ?
It is not my purpose, sir, to go over the ground
of what is called southern aggressions, and refute
the accusations of that character in detail; partly
because tins lias been often and well done hereto-
fore, but principally because, in treating the subject
in this style, we at once come to issues which de-
pend for theirprope,r decision upon the construction
to be given to acts done, and which the North—I
mean the Republican North—will construe in one
way, and the South in another. I desire to treat
the subject philosophically, if I can; to show from
those facts, which do not depend for their force
upon any construction to be given them—to show
that,/rom the very nature of things, the North need
not be, and indeed cannot be, possessed of the
slightest alarm or'apprehensions from the success
of the party which predominates in the South.
And first, under this head, we must advert to the
fact that the great question affected by the triumph
of tho one or the other parties is the question of
property—four million slaves, at a low estimate
worth $3,000,000,000; and that the security or in-
security, the existence or destruction, of this vast
amount of property, as affectedby the ascendency
of the respective political parties, wholly concerns
the South, and cannot, in this its most important
aspect, concern youatall. In this ilesperate game,
which you force us to play, wo have to put up
all the stake. You can lose nothing; we can gain
nothing, but may lose all.
Lot us now look at another aspect of this sub-
ject; let us inquire into the manner in which the
ascendency of the. Democratic party may affect
tho North socially and politically. In other words,
let us inquire whether such a state of things would
cause the institution of slavery to make the same
encroachments upon- northern soil that anti-sla-
very would make in the South in the event of
Republican ascendency. And first, sir, as to tho
Territories. "We have seen that the Republican
party proposes to prohibit slave labor in all the
cpmmon territories of the Union—those which
we now have as well as those we may hereafter
acquire. The Democratic party does not pro-
pose such a prohibition of free labor; but to let
both free and slave labor have an equal enjoyment
and protection.
Then, sir, the Republicans propose,as wo have
seen, to admit no more slave States into the Union.
The Demociatic party does not advocate the eon-
verse of the proposition, by saying that no more
free States shall be admitted into the Unroll, which
we might do much more logically, and with much
more propriety; for you must observe, sir, that
m what are called free States, slavo labor is effect-
ually inhibited, while in slavo States there is
nothing incompatible with the free-labor system.
The admission of afree State at once accomplishes
the entire and irrevocable exclusion of the insti-
tutions of tho South from any share or participa-
tion in its benefits thereafter; while the admission,
of a slave State, instead of effecting a similar ex-
clusion of any part of your system of labor, not
only tolerates, but actually protects and fosters it.
It is manifest, then, sir, however gentlemen may
be startled by its enunciation, when we have the
courage to meet the question boldly, and follow
out indisputable premises to their last logical con-
clusions, that a proposition on the part of the
South to admit no more free States, has a greater
foundation in justice, in equality, and in all the
paternal requirements of the Federal Constitution,
than the doctrine of the Republican party, which
advocates the admission of no more slave States.
Yet. sir, who ever heard of the South acting upon
such a proposition, though she lias often pos-
sessed the power to put It into practical opera-
tion? Sir, such a proposition, though less nar-
row, less bigoted, less sectional, than the dogma
of the Republican party, would find no room for
contemplation in the hearts of the southern peo-
ple.
And now let us see if, in the northern States
themselves, you would have aught to fear from
what you call the encroachments of slavery, in
case the Democratic party should retain the con-
trol of the Government, and what truth there is
in the assertion of the great "embodiment" of
your party, that the States must become all free
States or all slave States; and how much you
have to fear lest " Boston become a slave mart."
Sir, liistory answers this question; history, which
tells us that the whole free North was unco slave-
holding. Now, sir, if, with the institution of sla-
very once planted in their midst; protected by law;
sanctioned by custom; and adapted, by use, to
the wants of the people, it could not maintain its
footing, is it to be supposed that now, divested of
those powerful aids, it can regain the ground it
then lost? No, sir; not until we can repeal those
irrepealable laws of soil and climate, which arc as
eternal as tho planet upon which they operate.
But, sir, there are two additional reasons which
to my mind arc, if possible, still more final and
conclusive upon this subject, and which cover not
only the ground of the encroachments of slavery,
as affecting the Territories, the States to be carved
out of them, and the present free States of the
North, but which equally apply to any and all
other apprehensions of the northern people, from
the continued ascendency of the Democratic party.
The first of these reasons, sir, is to be found in
the fact that a large element of the Democratic
organization is to be found in the North; not in a
few localities only, but in every northern State,
and extending throughout every county and every
town. It is plain, sir, that as the South is in
a minority, the Democratic party can carry out
no one measure without the cooperation of this
element of northern Democracy as represented in
the Government. And as this element comprises
every class of your population, and embraces ev-
ery interest, you cannot have the least shadow of
an apprehension from the ascendency of the Dem-
ocratic party, unless the universal law of self-
interest should for the first time cease to operate.
Still another reason, if it is not superfluous to as-
sign another, is to be found in the fact that, tho
North having tin: political power, can, at any elec-
tion, take.control of the Federal Government, and
right itself.
Having now, sir, considered my subject in its
two divisions, as fully as my time will permit;
having seen that the triumph of tho Republican
party would justly fill the southern mind with the
most dreadful forebodings, but that the success of
tho Democratic party cannot entail upon the North
even the shadow of an apprehension; Ictus briefly
inquire whether the former state of facts would
peril the cxistencc of our confederate Union. I
have already said, sir, that I believe it would. Let
it not be supposed that, in saying this, I am ttnap-
prcciative of tho blessings which have heretofore
(lowed from our Federal Government. In the, geo-
graphical locality which I represent will be found
a sufficient reason to disabuse the mind of any gen-
tleman upon that point. Sir, I am one of the Rep-
resentatives of a border State. What is more, sir,
I represent a border district of this border State.
What is still more, sir, it is a commercial border;
having its center of trade in a northern city,
its commercial intercourse interwoven, root and
branch, with the North. Its interests in this re-
spect are as much commingled with those of the
North as are the very waters of our rivers, which
unite and flow in a common channel. Such, sir,
is the district of the people whom I have the honor
to represent. For my own part, sir, I am per-
sonally appreciative of these considerations, fori
live, sir, upon the very bolder of this border dis-
trict. From my window I can look out and se«
the blue hilly of Ohio, separated from us only by
a gentle river, so narrow that the sotting sun spans
it with the shadows of its own forests, and a peb-
ble dropped into its quiet bosom parts a wave on
either side that reaches either shore.
Such, sir, is our proximity to a free State that
we can hear the songs of hor husbandmen, and
seethe bright gleam of their blades as they gather
the golden harvests. Our nearest neighbors fre-
quently live upon the other bank of the river.
They are often our kindred; children nursed at the
same breast, and- reared around a common do-
mestic altar; for you must observe, sir, that Vir-
ginia has peopled almost the entire border. Think
you not then, sir, that wo do not appreciate the
advantages—I may almost say tho necessities of
a common _ Federal Government, administered
upon constitutional principles; or that we are
blind to the catastrophes which would accom-
pany its destruction?—catastrophes, sir, from
which no part of this vast Republic would be ex-
empt—commerce paralyzed; agriculture insecure;
manufactures prostrated; mechanical arts aban-
doned; public and private credit involved in a com-
mon ruin; war raging, civil war, whose intensity
and continuance you can best estimate by re-
membering the valor of those who would wage it,
and the lists of the slain, in which would often be
but a list of parricides and fratricides; a war, sir,
beside whose bloody records the red annals of the
internecine strifes of Rome would pale in compari-
son? Sir, we could not then better describe our
unhappy land than by saying with Malcolm:
" Alas, poor country;
Almost afiaid to know itself; it cannot
Be cail'd our mother,Tut our grave ; where nothing
But who knows nothing, is once seen to smile:
Where sighs, and groans, and siirieks that rent the air,
Are made, not marked; where violent sorrow seems
A modern ecstacy: the dead man's knell
Is there scarce asked, for whom; and good men's lives
Expire before the flowers m thoir caps.''
Who, Mr. Chairman, can contemplate un-
moved such a future, so pregnant with sorrow
to the Republic; such countless woes unimagined
and unimaginable, which only the pen of history,
transmitted from age to age, could rocord in all
their horrible details ?
Yet, Mr. Chairman, impressed as I am with
all the terrible consequences which would flow
from a dissolution of our Federal Union, I say
that I believe the ascendency of the Republican
party in this Government would bring about that
result. For if the South should remain in the Union,
we have already seen to what an extremity she
would be reduced: the loss of millions of her
property in slaves; the almost total destruction
of the institution in tho border States, by being
forced, through the insecurity of slave property,
to remove those who were not stolen away; the
creation, by the dispensation of the honors and
emoluments of Federal patronage by a Republi-
can Executive, of an anti-slavery party in the
very bosom and throughout the entire limits of
the South; the casting the whole moral weight
of the Government at home and throughout the
civilized world against our institutions, thereby
rather inviting than repelling aggressions from
abroad; the so-called "reform of the judiciary;"
which would destroy the main bulwark of the
Constitution; in short, tho use of all the powers of
the Government—executive, legislative, and ju-
dicial—to circumscribe the institution of slavery,
until, "like a scorpion surrounded by a wall of
fire, it shall sting itself to death."
Who can say, sir, what course the South will
pursue, when forced to such dread alternatives—
whether she will remain in the Union and submit
to the inexorable rule of a party hostile to her
institutions, or, in her despair, burst asunder at
every hazard the bonds which unite us ? Sir, the
South is the weaker section. You of the North
have the political power; but will you use it in
such a way as to compel us to make such a choice ?
Sir, time was when Virginia made the cause of
the North her cause. Can she not find, anywhere
throughout the North, a sentiment which will re-
spond when she calls upon you now, in this the
hour of her need? Sir, though New England
should be as dumb and voiceless as the granite of
her own hills, let Virginia hope, at least, that the
great West will not imitate the exam pie—that great
West, whose prosperity as a people, whose rep-
resentation in this Capitol, whose very political
existence as sovereign States in this Republic, are
all derived from her maternal bounty. Upon the
young and vigorous States of the West, then—
uponherehildren—Virginiarelies,in this the hour,
of her extremity. Deny her not. Teach not, I
pray you, the old mother of States to feel
tc How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is
To have a thankless child."
But, sir, we need not appeal to the gratitude
alone of any part of the North. We can, and we
