2648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
be counted, or the man who alleges that these votes
are fraudulent? Certainly,he who claims that the
votes should be counted; who asks that votes,
coming here not according to the form of law, and
who says that the judges were, in point of fact,
qualified, should prove it. He had notice in the
specification of tne grounds of contest, and he
was permitted by the committee to prove the fact.
And although he.summoned and examined wit-
nesses about everything else, he put no question
to any witness to prove whether these officers
were or were not sworn.
According to the congressional precedents cov-
ering the precise point referred to in the report
of the committee, the burden of proof was on
him to show that these judges were qualified, if
they were qualified. Having failed to do so, it
follows, for the purposes of this case, that they
were not qualified; and the precedents of Con-
gress are, that the votes, as returned by them,
should be rejected. But the committee came to
the conclusion that no man's honest vote should
be rejected because the judge of election had
failed to conform to the law. But what is the
method of showing the facts? The returns are
not according to law. They are not evidence of
themselves, because, on their face, they are de-
fective; they can prove nothing. They are not
like the return of an officer, made according to
law, which proves itself. They are not like the
judgments of a court, perfect on their face, which
prove themselves. They are not like the returns
from the different polls, which are conformable to
the law, and which prove themselves. They have
not the elements of a record; and the question is,
how shall we ascertain whether an honest voter
cast his vote at these polls? Certainly, sir, by
requiring the man who asks you to count a vote
to show that it was an honest vote. And the rule
which the committee adopted was: first, that,
although there were no certificates on the returns,
still that didjiot bar anybody from showing that,
inpointoffact, the judges were qualified. And the
notice was given, and the allegation that they
were not sworn was distinctly made. It was the
part of the sitting member to show that they were
qualified. That not having been done by him, the
committee ruled that each vote cast in these pre-
cincts, and shown to be a fair and honest vote,
should be counted. In other words, this is the
rule, and it is one in conformity with all the pre-
cedents, as well of Congress as elsewhere. It is
in conformity with all that chain of authority
stated by the minority of the committee for the
State of New York, that the acts of officers de
facto are valid. It is in conformity with all the
precedents of cases that we have been able to ex-
amine, that the votes should be counted when he
who asks them to be counted shows that they
were fairly and honestly cast. This was the rule
applied to three of these precincts by the com-
mittee.
The committee went further. They felt a dis-
position themselves, without the aid of the sitting
member, who asked us to count all these votes in
the gross, to sift these very polls. The allega-
tion on tho part of the contestant was, that in
each on« of tne thirty-five precincts there were
illegal votes; and, on the part of the sitting mem-
ber, there was an allegation that, in each one of
these, there were illegal votes cast for the contest-
ant. That rendered it necessary, therefore, for
the committee to plunge into the examination of
these whole 19,000 votes, and, if possible, to
search out and ascertain how many of them should
be counted and how many rejected. I can only,
in the short time allowed me, state to the House
the principles on which the committceactcd. The
result is, that they rejected from nil of the pre-
cincts in the whole city 663 votes that were cast
for the sitting member, and 55 that were cast for
the contestant. Jn arriving at that conclusion,
they were governed by these principles: one class
of the voters rejected were those who came on
th^ stand and swore themselves that they were
not qualified, and those in regard to whom others
swore that they said they were not qualified; that
they said they wure not naturalized; that they
said they had not resided one year in the State;
that they said they were minora, or were other-
wise disqualified. This kind of testimony was
sanctioned in the last Congress, in the case of
Vallandigham and Campbell, and was sanc-
tioned by other precedents of Congress, and in
English cases; and it is not, I believe, controverted
by the minority of the committee.
Another class of votes rejected was where, in a
small district where usually 50 to 60 votes were
cast, 100 or 150 votes were cast at the last elec-
tion, and where men who had resided for a num-
ber of years in that district; who had acted, year
after year, in the capacity of judge of election or
clerk of election, and who professed to know all
the residents in the district, came forward and
testified, with the list before them, that A, B, C,
or D, on that list, were names they had never
heard of; that, in their knowledge of the pre-
cinct, such men never resided there; and in their
knowledge of the voters, such men never voted
there before.
Now, although it is true that a man may come
from another precinct and vote there, yet the
judge of election, before he takes his vote, must
administer to him the oath, as a condition prece-
dent; and thus, if there were any such votes cast,
they could be pointed out; yet, as to those men
whom witnesses swore they had never heard of
as living or voting in the precinct, it would have
been easy for the sitting member, if they did live
there, to have brought them before the committee,
or to have brought their neighbors before the com-
mittee, and shown that they did live there. The
inference was perfectly fair and legitimate, and
was conclusive on the mind of the committee, that
if the testimony given as to their non-residence
was uncontradicted, it was because it could not be
contradicted.
Another class of rejected votes was a class af-
fected by tho census returns; and this class com-
prised, perhaps, one half of the 663 votes. The
ordinances of the city of St. Louis require that
once in two years a census shall be taken of the
inhabitants.
Immediately after this election, the city author-
itics.passed an ordinance requiring the census of
the city to be taken. The city was divided into
ten distinct divisions, or districts, and the census
takers, in addition to the enumeration of the in-
habitants, were instructed to collect certain sta-
tistics, and, among others, m reference to the
nationality, residence, and age of the inhabitants.
These census returns were objected to by the sit-
ting member, first, on the ground that the evidence
was not competent in any shape, and second, that
the manner of producing it before the committee
was not legal. That it was competent, in some
shape, appeared to the committee apparent from
the fact, m respect to the greater portion of it,
that the census taker hirns jjf came forward and
testified to his own report; that he found, at such
a number, on such a street, A B, who told him
he was not naturalized; and at such a place or
such a residence, C D, who told him he had not
been in the city a year. At another place he
found another, pei haps, who told him that he was
a minor. From the memoranda winch he made
at the time, he ascertained that the facts which
appeared in his report before him were correct,
and he swore to them.
Mr. Speaker, I find my time has nearly expired,
I desire merely to say further, in this matter, that
according to the rules of law and evidence, the
census report, which was produced befoie the
committee, as examined by the census takers
themselves, and sworn to as correct,is competent
evidence.
Now, sir, this I know: that this whole testi-
mony, voluminous as it is, contains a great deal
of chaff—a great deal of hearsay evidence, which
has nothing to do with this case. My friends of
the minority of the committee have shown great
industry in collecting together as much as they
could of this hearsay evidence, and claiming—in
which the majority of this committreentirely con-
cur—that it is not legal testimony on which a case
can properly be made out. I have to say that the
majority of the committee joined the minority in
rejecting this hearsay testimony, and have ap-
plied it to no case, in judging of the qualifications
of voters, except to this extent: that the state-
ment of a voter himself, in reference to his quali-
fications, was admitted. They thought, with the
minority of the committee, that, in conformity to
precedent, that could be received as legitimate
evidence in deciding upon the qualifications of
voters. They have gone through this large vol-
ume, and, after striking from it all hearsay testi-
mony, the committee have found that, if you re-
ject three precincts because of the reasons of these
material defects which I have shown, the contest-
ant is elected by 168 majority. If you reject two,
and only two, he is elected by 134 majority; and
if you reject neither precinct, and apply the testi-
mony, as I have stated, to each individual voter
challenged, he is elected by 13 majority.
Mr. GrILMER. I supposed it was the under-
standing; that my friend from Massachusetts was
not at this time to argue the question upon its
merits; but that the contestant and sitting mem-
ber were to occupy two hours; and after that the
Committee of Elections were to submit such argu-
ments as they might think necessary and proper,
by way of explanation.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that that course would have been very agreeable
to me, had any one suggested it.
Mr. GILMER. As the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has made an aigument in favor of the
report of the majority of the committee, I will
now procccd, for a short time, in reply.
Mr. Speaker, this is a case of great importance.
Much more is involved in the decision of the
House upon it, both as to matters of fact and rules
of evidence, than those who have not examined
the case fully would suppose. I will say here,
if I may be indulged in the remark, that, judging
from what I have seen take place upon this floor
heretofore, that .members too often form their
opinions upon these contested-election cases from
party prejudices; but for which fact, I imagine,
there could hardly be a contrariety of opinion
about this case.
Many points are made here by the majority of
the committee, but they are minor points—most
of them have been discussed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts; but they are points which I
deem wholly unnecessary to consider at all for
the purpose of coming to a correct decision upon
this contest.
A great part of this evidence is in reference to
irregularities in voting, quarreling, about double
voting, and improper voting. All this has been
industriously and vigilantly considered and re-
ported by the majority in their report. All the
votes that can be counted for the contestant on
these points, in any way appearing from the evi-
dence, have been allowed to him. All that can
be taken from the sitting member, according to
the evidence, have been taken from him; but when
you have waded through all the legitimate evi-
dence going to these points, there are still from
four hundred to six h.undred votes left, speaking
in round numbers, in favor of the sitting member,
to be disposed of.
Charges of bribery and corruption are made;
but if you will look at the evidence you will find
no substance in them. It is proved that a voter
who was drunk, who had voted for Blair—which
fact was well known to Barret—after the votinghad
nearly closed, came to Barret and asked him for
five dollars; and Barret, m order to get clear of his
annoyance, gave him the five dollars; and thatisthe
ground for all this charge about corruption and
bribery. Another matter is about an order for
money; but entitled to no more consideration. If
you will examine the testimony you will find
there is nothing in this allegation.
The majority in theirreport talk about violence
and quarreling. Well, sir, if you will examine
this testimony you will find that at some of the
precincts there were little guarrcls, such as occur
all over the country when important elections are
taking place; but I will venture to say that, if
you can get at the evidence covering previous
elections in the city of St. Louis, you will find
there never has been a more peaceable and puiet
election held there.
If you allow all of this double, irregular, and
improper voting; all this false voting; deduct and
add, and give all weight to the views of the ma-
jority report in these particulars; if you subtract
the entire vote given in the three precincts men-
tioned, because there were about them irregulari-
ties, because there were not suitable returns, and
because the judges were not qualified—strike them
all out—and still you are from three to six hun-
dred votes behind. How are we to get around
that ? For convenience sake, I use the number
from three hundred to six hundred. It is a large
