1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'ftfbfc
Stations of time or money, and subjecting the revenues of
the Government to contingencies of tiiis character. The
mere fact that Ihe Secretary might cause a contract to be
made for the supply of hemp, does not authorize him to
make tiie Government substantially a hemp grower. If any
Eower had been leserved to the Secretary to limit the I ta-
il ity of the Government to some definite sum, or to pro-
vide that the Government should exercise some superin-
tendence over the matter, the undertaking would have had
more equality in it; but as it is, nothing could be larger,
looser, or more indefinite. The power is not only not given
to the Secretary in terms to make such a contract, but it
cannot be derived from, nor is it incident to, any authority
specifically given bv law. The act in force in 1839 was the
actot March 3,1809, (2 Stat., 536,) the fifth section of which
providecrrhat' all purchases and contracts for supplies or
services winch air, or rriav. according to law, be made by
or under the direction of either the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, the Secretary of War, or the Secretary of the Navy,
shall be made eitliei by open puichase or by previously ad-
vertising for proposals respecting the same i It is very evi-
dent that, from this law, no inference can be made that the
Secretary could bind the Government by his pioimse to in-
demnify a citizen for his losses in making expeiiinents in
relation to the supplies for which the Secretary might con-
tract ; and we are of opinion that the claimant has no legal
cause of action against the United States."
Mr. SLIPELL. In order not to make any mis-
' take in the assertion of fact, 1 have sent for the
Globe of 1854. However, the Senator from New
Jersey is very confident in his recollection that the
bill passed for $10,000 that year; and I suggest to
the friends of this bill now, that their best policy
would be to move its reduction to that sum.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 almost
regret that it has fallen to my lot to know some-
thing about this case, and, therefore, to trouble
the Senate with some remarks on the subject. I
have not stated all the facts. This old gentleman
may have some scintilla of right, and I would be
willing to recognize it to the utmost extent. If
the appeals which have been made in his behalf
have not satisfied me or the Senate in regard to
the legality and validity of his claim, they have
appealed somewhat more successfully to my feel-
ings on this subject; and if the gentleman will re-
duce this demand to $5,000, which I think abund-
antly adequate—and there may be some scintilla
of right and claim for that sum—I shall have noth-
ing further to say about it, and let the bill pass.
Now,-sir, as that is not acceded to, I have fur-
ther to say on this subject that no case that I have
known affords such an illustration as to the man-
ner in which ancient claims are brought up before
this body and sustained. What is there in this
case as presented by its friends? Nothing but
platitudes, and plausibilities, and exaggerations.
This gentleman, for instance, we are told, was a
man of enterprise; he was a man of property; he
is called upon by a high officer of the Govern-
ment; he is told there is a region of country where
hemp is raised, and where the people do not know
l.ow to prepare and handle? it for use; lie is be-
sought to go out theie and undertake to instruct
them in it; he is told that he shall be paid for his
services, and furthermore that he shall have acon-
tract for the delivery of five hundred tons of water-
rotted hemp, at a high price, if delivered in Bos- .
ton, and it passed a certain inspection. That is
agreed upon. Well, sir, he engages in it, and goes
to Kentucky. The gentleman from Georgia says
he was in this employ five or six years. I do not
know the exact period of his employ; I do not
know what period of time. Suppose him to
have staid-there five or six yeais, how long was
he employed iri this sort of instruction to the hemp
raisers? What part of that time was employed
in the attempt to fulfill his profitable contract as
he hoped it to be? These are the generalities on
which a claim is ma'de for $44,000.
Letme remark, in the first place, thataccording
to my recollection—for I knew this claim when it
was first presented to this body, and it is pretty
nearly as old lrere as I am—it was, I think, for not
quite half the amount $iat it now is. If any of the
gentlemen of those committees who have reported
upon it and examined it, recollect it, 1 should be
very much obliged to tliem for the information.
It has grown byume. Time has at least that prof-
itable influence on your old cases, that depend not
upon any precision, not upon any facts, but upon
platitudes, upon plausibilities, upon the general
opinion of things recollected after the lapse of
twenty, thirty, or forty years. That is the case.
This gentleman, in the firs! place, is represented
as abandoning for the sake of the country, and for
this patriotic employment, large and proatable
enterprises, and an estate which ho had. Now, let
me tell you s:r, all this is a farce. Mr. Myerle had
no estate. Mr. Myerle, when he went there, had
executions against him returned "no property."
Mr. Myerle may have had some enterprise, and
ho is seeking about in the world that he may do
something to improve and advance his condition
—a very praiseworthy object. He has a conver-
sation with the Secretary of the Navy, and he goes
to Kentucky. Now, can anything be imagined
more utterly preposterous and absurd than that
this gentleman, brought up in a country where he
never saw a stalk of hemp growing, in all proba-
bility, should be sent to Kentucky to teach the
most intelligent class of population, or as intelli-
gent a class of agriculturists as can be found any-
where in these United States, how to prepare for
market the most profitable article, the great staple
of their own productions?^ Can anything be more
preposterous on the face of it? They were the
wealthiest and most intelligent class of our agri-
culturists. This was their staple;and Mr. Myerle,
who never cultivated, for all I know, and probably
did not ever see, a stalk of hemp growing, unless he
saw it in Kentucky 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to a little Kentucky testi-
mony ? .
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Hon. Robert Wickliffc,
of Kentucky in a letter addressed to Mr. Myerle,
dated Lexington, May 21, 1841, says:
" I trust that your patriotic exertions may not only be
crowned with success, to the great prosperity and advant-
age of the nation, but that your own labors may be well
rewarded in the end. One thing is certain—that is, both
the State and nation will owe you gratitude for achieving
what has failed heretofore."
That, I suppose, is one of the platitudes. Now
we will take a little testimony. George W. Car-
ter, in a letter dated Woodford county, Ken-
tucky, says:
" I know of my own knowledge you had every difficulty
to contend against that could be thought of, and you also
know that the neighbors even went so far as to threaten to
shoot you and puil down your dams as fast as you would
put them up, in consequence of these prejudices. Since
which effoits, it has been uniformly adopted by all the
(armors that have the suitable niean3 for the business."
* * * * " Your efforts have proven entirely
satisfactory as to the practicability of the business, and has
given a new impetus to the culture and management of
hemp, anil lias been of incalculable advantage to the State
of Kentucky, and the hemp growing country generally."
Henry Wallace, in his testimony, says:
" Soon after said Myerle commenced his experiments in
the neighborhood of Midway, Woodtord county, Kentucky,
where 1 then resided, public feeling became aroused and
excited, from an impression entertained by many that
the water-rotting process was very deleterious and un-
healthy, not only to those who wurked at it, but to the
whole neighborhood, and that the water in which it was
rotted would kill all kinds of stock that might drink of it;
and so pievalent was tins state ot feeling and opinion,and
so violent and decided tile opposition, that said claimant,
Myerle! had much difficulty m pioeuiing locations lor his
pools, and had to keep them up and prosecute his experi-
ments against tlncats to destroy lus pools and prevent lus
operations. TJnder that state of things, deponent says that
said Mveric, unwilling to abandon his experiments, and
continuing them, was compelled to pay double puce lor
the hemp he used and for hands neccssary m prosecuting
Ins experiments." #
It was the dew-rotted hemp that they had been
manufacturing before, according to the testimony.
Mr. SL1DELL. If the Senatorfrom Kentucky
will permit me a moment, I wish to correct an
error of statement. I find that when the bill passed
the Senate, on the 30th of June, 1854, it was for
§15,000—not for §10,000, as I stated before. The
bill was originally passed for $30,000, and was
sent to the House; and a motion for reconsidera-
tion was entered, and the bill was brought back
from the House'of Representatives. It was then
again fully discussed, and finally passed the Sen-
ate for $15,000.
Mr. POLK. I know the fact that it passed for
more than that at the last Congress; and I will
ask the Senator if that is not the smallest amount
for which it ever passed >
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 really do not know. This
is the only occasion when I ever recollect this bill
to have been fully discussed. As I said before,
I had occasion to examine it on the Naval Com-
mittee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall occupy very little
of the time of the Senate. I have stated that, ill
place of the large fortune which this gentleman iS
alleged to have had in the active profitable enter-
prises in which h« was engaged, lie hud nothing
He went to Kentucky without means, and he
came from there so. It is not true that he is en-
titled to anything on account of sacrifices antece-
dent to that. He abandoned nothing; he pursued
a hope of benefiting his fortune by this enterprise.
Ho went there. Those are very respectable gen-
tlemen whose letters have been read. 1 know them
all. At that time they had grarrd hopes,no doubt,
from Mr. Myerle's efforts; but I'tell the Senator,
upon my own knowledge, there is very litttewft-
ter-rotted" hemp now made in Kentucky. For a
long time the hemp-growers strove to obtain for
it the patronage of this Government, and to in-
troduce it in place of Russia hemp, for all naval
and maritime purposes. They failed in it. Mr.
Myerle says his was rejected. There were sev-
eral other rejections before there was any general
determination on the. part of the planters there to
use their hemp by preparing it for water-rotting.
The idea is put forth that Mr. Myerle carried to
Kentucky this great secret of water-rotting hemp.
I can tell gentlemen it is no such thing. He did
not. I know, the Presiding Officer of this House
knows, and every man conversant with that sec-
tion of the country knows, that a large farmer of
my.own knowledge and acquaintance, who owned
a large tract of land in the county of Woodford,
and was a great hemp raiser, was in the habit of
water-rotting his hemp years before Mr. Myerle
was heard of. I know that.
We hear of Mr. Myerle's patriotic efforts!
Why, sir, it is the patriotic effort that has been
made by everybody that has come here and tried
to make contracts for water-rotted hemp with the
Departments. We did get resolutions passed here
autliorizing the Secretary of the Navy to make
contracts prospective for the delivery of hemp,,
and to pay for it the highest prices allowed for the
Russia hemp. When they got a contract, their
hemp was rejected; why, I do not know. I do
not attribute corruption, at any rate, to those un-
der whose inspection it had to pass previous to
its reception by the Government. But there is no
water-rotted hemp made now, or very little; and
that which the gentleman from Maine talis preju-
dice on the part of these hemp raisers of Ken-
tucky, turns out to be nothing more than the best
judgment that was to be formed on the subject.
It was the judgment of practical men; the judg-
ment of men who had an interest in'makin^ the
best and most profitable use of theirstaple. There
is but little water-rotted hemp in Kentucky now,
and it is only one here and there, who may have
a very advantageous -situation for it, that now
raises it at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The testimony in there-
port is, that it has almost displaced all other kinds
of hemp.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am living testimony,
and I say it is no such thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the report states
what is not true.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The report is mistaken,
and every man from Kentucky will say so. I
know better. But that is going from this subjcct.
Mr. Myerle made a contract with the Government
for five hundred tons of hemp, to be delivered at
Boston; and out of the high price he was to get
for that, in comparison to what the dew-rotted
hemp sold for in Kentucky, he hoped to make a
large profit. He went there to get the people to
water-rot hemp, m order that he might purchase
their water-rotted hemp; and so far from his being
a man'of property, and going there and making
a great sacrifice of property, he went there, as I
stated, without means. When he had made this
contract, the prwspect of it seemed to be flattering.
He was to get two hundred, or two hundred and
twenty, or two hundred and thirty dollars a ton,
or more—the price of Russia hemp. He was to
get that for hemp which was sold in Kentucky for
$100 a ton. The prospect of this profitable con-
tract enabled him to procure means. He bor-
rowed the meansupon the credit of gentlemen and
merchants in the city of Lexington—one by the
name of Milholland, I think; another by the name
of Cornwall; and when he first presented the peti-
tion here for a claim, and it was heard of in Ken-
tucky by these merchants, that he might probably
obtain a large sum, they sent on their claims to
me, with a remonstrance and a request that if such
an allowance was made to him for losses upon
that hemp contract, or for any services that he had
rendered, the bill should provide that the money
should be paid to his creditors, and not to him.
