1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
change my vote, and to state the reasons for so
doing. I am in favor of allowing interest to the
contractors, and therefore voted "no" upou the
question befuto the House, when my name was
called. But, Air. Speaker, I am opposed to pay-
inginterest to the speculators who havcpurchased
these certificates at an enormous discount; and,
as this object can be better secured, in my judg-
ment, in some other form of remuneration, so
that the parties properly entitled to consideration
will obtain it, I change my vote, and vote " ay."
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
Mr. SINGLETON stated that he was absent
from the House when his name was called, and
asked unanimous consent to record his vote.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. SINGLETON stated that ho would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Thayer.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Mr James Buchanan*, jr., his Private Secretary.]
Mr. FLORENCE, i nsc to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. Reagan's motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mj. PHELPS. I call the previous question
upon" the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question oruerod to be put.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like, for
my own information, and that of the House, to
have the bill read again before it is put upon its
passage. I will state 
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must ob-
  ject to debate.
Air. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely wish to
obseive, that there seems to be a doubt in the
minds of some members^n reference to the dis-
position made by that bill of the amount that is
to be applied in payment of interest.
Mr. PHELPS. Debate is not m order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. "VVc want to know
whether it is to go to the contractors or to the
speculators who have bought up the eertificates.
The bill was read acain.
Mr. QUAR.LES called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, o'f Pennsylvania. I call for
tellers upon the yeas and nays. I want to record my
vote against paying this interest to speculators.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ste\lns, of
Pennsylvania, and Rust were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fourteen.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, (one
fifth of a quoium not voting in favor thereof.)
The bill was then passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider1 the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved totliy
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF A DOORKEEPER.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House now
proceed to vote viva voce for a Doorkeeper for the
Thirty-Sixth Congress; and upon that motion I
call the previous question.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move that there be a
call of the House. [Cries of " No!" upon the
Republican side of the House.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON! I suppose the yeas and nays
need not be called, as I think there will be no !
objection to a call of the House. j
jVTr- JOHN COCHRANE. If a call of the
House be granted, I withdraw the call for the yeas j
and nays. |
By unanimous consent, a call of the House was j
ordered. j
The roll was accordingly called; when the fol- |
lowing members failed to answer to their names: :
William C. Anderson, Branch, Biown, Clark H. j
Cochrane, Eliot, English, Kunkel, James M. Leach, Love, i
McPlicison, Olin, Pugh, Snnriis Siailworth, Stevenson, j
Stratton, Thayer, Underwood, VaHandljjham, Waldron, j
Wlndom, Wood, and Woodson.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. VANCE said: My colleague, Mr. Leach,
of North Carolina, has been called home by in-
disposition in his family. I will say that he was
unable to obtain a pair.
Mr. RUFFIN stated that Mr. Branch had
paired off with Mr. Olin.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland^statcd that
Mr. Kunkel had paired off with Mrl "Window.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
, with.
The motion was agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded,and
the mam question ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, Mr. Sherman's motion was
agreed to.
REPORT OF SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
The special committee appointed upon the part
of the House to join such committee as might be
appointed by the Senate, to wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States, and inform him that the
two Houses were organized and ready to receive
any communication he might be pleased to make,
have discharged that duty. And, in reply, the
President desired to express to the House Ins grat-
ification that they were ready to proceed to busi-
ness; that ho should be happy to cooperate with
the legislative department of the Government in
any measures calculated to promote the public
welfare, and that he would communicatc to the
two Houses as the public exigencies required him
to do so.
THE DOORKEEPER— AGAIN-.
' Mr. HAMILTON. As nominations are now
in order, I beg leave to put mnomination, for the
office of Doorkeeper "of this Houiie, J. H.. Ezell,
of South Carolina.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I beg leave to nominate for
the place of Doorkeeper, Alexander Ward, of New
York. I have not had much personal acquaint-
ance with the gentleman I have nominated; but
upon information I have received from gentlemen
who know him well, I can say with confidence
that he is fully equal to all the duties of that po-
sition. Perhaps some gentleman from Now York
can give the House more specific information in
regard to him.
Mr. ASHMORE. I regret, Mr. Speaker, that
my friend from Texas [Mr. Hamilton] has nom-
inated a gentleman from South Carolina for the
office of Doorkeeper. I am perfectly satisfied, from
an interview I had with that gentleman only a
day or two ago, that lie does not desire the posi-
tion, and I shall take the responsibility of with-
drawing his name as a candidate, for the simple
reason that he is one of the employes of the
present Doorkeeper—a gentleman whose duties
have been so well and so faithfully discharged,
that I presume no one can object to him upon that
score. And I hope, in doing so, that I may be
permitted lo say, that while I have the utmost
confidence in Mr. Ezell, of my State, who, I think,
is worthy of the position of Doorkeeper, or of any
other station which the votes of this House might
confer upon him, I am satificd ho would not be
willing to allow his name to be used against that
of the respectable officer who discharged the duties
of Dnoikeeper of this House so well during the
last Congress. I therefore take the responsibility
of withdrawing the name of J. 13. Ezell, of South
Carolina, as a candidate, or rather, as a matter
of courtesy to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Hamilton,J who nominated him, I ask him to
withdraw the name. I feel perfectly safe in as-
serting thai such a course will meet with the
approbation of Mr. Ezell himself.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am informed that it will
meet the approbation of my friend, Mr. Ezell,
that his name shall be withdrawn. Having that
assurance from a gentleman m whom I have the
utmost confidence, and who must know his feel-
ings on the subject, I withdraw his name with
pleasure, although I presented it in good faith.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have heard with
much pleasuie the name of my friend, Alexander
Ward, of the city of New York, put in nomina-
tion by my friend from North Carolina, [Mr.
Winslow,] who sits by my side. The nomina-
tion he has made is that of a Democrat, who. as
I conceive, in consideration of the action of the
representatives of that city on this floor during
the trying times we had here, is eminently enti-
tled to all that this side of the House can do in
his behalf.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the gen-
tleman's point of order?
Mr. GROW. That the previous question has
been seconded, and therefore no debate is in
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the pre-
vious question ? Is my friend never to leave the
previous question and engage in the present ques-
tion? [Laughter.] Will the gentleman inform
me of the previous question and its effccts ?
Mr. GROW. I insist on my point of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, if
objected to.
Mr. GPvOW. I object to it, for I think it is
time we should observe the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. What is the gentle-
man's point of order?
Mr. GROW. That the previous question hav-
ing been seconded, on the motion to procced to the
election of a Doorkeeper, debate is not in order.
Mr. JOHN COC HRANE. We wore informed,
and I presume correctly, by our worthy presiding
officer, that nominations were in order. We had
proceeded thus far, and, unfortunately for me,
although I have no doubt reluctantly, under the
pressure of his conceptions of order, I was inter-
rupted by my friend from Pennsylvania; but I do
assure him that he interrupted me just at the point
where the poetry of my recommendation of my
friend Ward was to have commcnccd. [Laughter.]
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the point. Wcwant
the poetry.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE/ Is the point with-
drawn ?
Mr. GROW. It is.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Ah ! then I am suro
of the success of my friend, for I knew, when I
took my position on the floor, that nothing but a
point of order could prevent the election of the
nominee of my friend from North Carolina. Sir,
the gentleman is a reliable Democrat. I presume
that that is a recommendation to my friends on
the other side. If they may not consider it as
such, I appeal to my friends on this side to sus-
tain him with their whole force.
And now that we are engaged in the distribu-
tion of ofiices, so important to each of us and to
all of our constituents, I desire to say, in this con-
nection, that when we put Mr. Ward forward on
the Democratic side of the House, we do it under
the great probability and reasonable assurance,
that bccausc of the catholicity of his views, there
are others, outside of the healthy organization of
the party, who will advance to his support.
Wherefore, sir, I second and indorse the nomina-
tion of my friend from North Carolina.
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise to second the nomination
of Mr. Alexander Ward, of New York, for Door-
keeper of this House; and I avail myself of the
occasion to indorse all that my colleague [Mr.
John Cochrane] has said in behalf of that gen-
tleman. I know him. I know that he possesses #
intelligence and purity of character, that qualify
him for the arduous and responsible duties of that
office. I hope that my Republican friends on this
side of the House, to whom I have contributed
my aid in elevating to the chair the honorable
gentleman, Governor Pennington, will recipro-
cate that favor, and will assist me in electing Alex-
ander Ward to the office of Doorkeeper of the
House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Do you
indorse his Democracy?
Mr. ERIGGS. Yes, sir.
Mr. RIGGS- I nominate for the ofiice of Door-
keeper the present incumbent, Joseph L.Wright,
of New Jersey.
Mr. PEYTON. I put in nomination Mr. A.
H. Markland, of Kentucky.
Mr. TAPPAN. I beg leave to put in nomina-
tion for the office of Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives, Mr. George Marston, of New
Hampshire.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to put in nomin-
ation for the office of Doorkeeper, Andrew J.
Lamer, of Washington city.
Messrs. Riggs, Tappan, Maynard, and Ham-
ilton, were appointed tellers.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for Door-
keeper, with the following result: Whole number
