1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2649
number of votes luft, not assailed by testimony,
necessary to cut down and get clear of the ma-
jorityof Mr. Barret. Afteryou have stricken out
all the votes in these three precincts which they
say ought to be stricken out, and after deducting
from Mr. Barret's poll all the double voting and
all the fraudulent, illegal, and improper voting,
and add to Mr. Blair's vote all the votes he says
he ought to have, and still you have to account
for several hundred votes. There is the point to
which I would dircct the attention of this House.
It is a point, I respectfully submit, that ought to
be decided legally, like other controverted issues,
according to the usual rules of evidence estab-
lished and approved by Congress and other legis-
lative bodies.
The first point argued by my friend is the in-
creased vote. A word on that point. The evi-
dence, as applicable to this increased vote, if there
be anything extraordinary in it, would certainly
never bring my mind to the conclusion that it
elected Mr. Blair. It might be evidence to be
considered on a question whether this was a case
which ought to be sent back to the people. If
there be an unusual number of votes so as to
show an unhealthy condition of the election, so
that no party can to a reasonable certainty get
the return in consequence of that unusual in-
crease, I am surprised thatmy friend should come
"to the conclusion that Mr. Blair in consequence
thereof is elected. Why, Mr. Speaker, shortly
after this election was announced, according to
the evidence in the case, the contestant procured
an order of a court in St. Louis to take a census
of the city. The result of that census, taken for
the benefit of the contestant, showed that there
were in the city alone (not counting some two or
three thousand voters who live outside the city,
in the county) twenty-four thousand two hun-
dred and fifty-six voters.
The vote, cast in this election was 19,535; that
is, in the county, including the city. Add a mod-
erate estimate of the votes in the county outside
of the city, say 7,000, and there ought to have
been 26,000 votes cast at that election. Because,
out of that 26,000 votes, 19,000 voted, the major-
ity of the committee have come to the conclusion,
not only that there were errors and fraud, and all
that sort of thing, but that Barret is not elected,
and that Blair is'. If there be anything in this, I
repeat, it may be a consideration whether this
election should not be set aside altogether, and
the question sent back to the people. But, sir,
we have no such question here.
In order that I may be clear on this, I will read
what the minority has said, on this point, of the
increased v"ote:
"There is but another point to notice. The contestant
complains of the largeness of the vote cast at the election,
nnd refers to it as an evidence of fraud. His own cvidcnce
dissipattis this charge.
"According to the returns of the cen?us, which was
taken soon alter the election, for the pm puses of this con-
test, thf total numbei of legal voters in the city of St Louis
is 24,256; excess ovei vote, 7,646.
"This fchows that there were in August, 1858, in the city
of St. Louis., as many as 7,646 legal voters who did not
vote. (See certified copy of the census returns, page 946.)
"At the following municipal election held m April, 1859,
just eight months afterwaids, the vote cast in the city was
17,263. 
You will bear in mind, that this congressional
election included votes of citizens who lived in the
county outside of the city limits. In a municipal
election, eight months afterwards, the city alone
gave 17,000 votes; more, I venture to say, than
were cast in this congressional election. It goes
on:
" The election in August, 1858, was a general aud an ex-
citing one, thuic being sevent)-five candidates on State
and county tickets,besides a number m each ward running
for the offices of justice of the peace and constable. This
was calculated to bring out a iarge vote."
I have now said all that I desire to say on that
subject.
The official returns show a majority for the sit-
ting member of GOT. Now, take the showing of
the contestant, and of the majority of the commit-
tee, for the sake of argument, although, in fact, it
ought not to be done—I say, take the views of
the majority in reference to improper votes, illegal
votes, &c.; take their own showing, and there re-
mains a large majority for Mr. Barret unaccounted
for; applicable to which votes, making up this
targe remaining majority, there is no evidence
justifying their rejection.
They make out the illegal votes, as derived
from a census unauthorized as to qualification of
voters, to be 663 votes. In their first statement, on
page 15, they make the following statement:
For Mr. Blair, official vote 6,630
Deduct clerical error, eastern precinct, seventh
ward 180
Deduct erroneous count of rotes cast for Barret, 2
Deduct illegal votes rejected by committee 55
Deduct votes cast at Gravois coal mines    7
Deduct votes cast at G. Sappington's  6
Deduct votes cast at Harlem House.  16
— 266
6,364
Add votes thrown out at western precinct, first
ward  8
Add votes not counted  2
— 10
6,374
For Mr. Barret, official vote 7,057
Deduct names unknown atMehPs store.... 6
Dcduct illegal votes rejected by committee, 601
Deduct votes cast at Gravois coal mines. ...153
Deduct votes cast at G. Sappington's 42
Deduct votes cast at Harlem House  51
— 853
6,204
Add votes erroneously counted for Blair  2
 6,206
Majority for Blair  163
The next statement they make is precisely the
same, except that they do not throw out the vote
at the Harlem House precinct; and the difference
in the result is the difference between 168 and 134;
the difference being the vote cast at that precinct.
Then they make their last and final statement,
as follows:
If, however, there should be deducted from neitherpoll
any votes, for failure of officers of election to qualify, but
only those which, in the opinion of the committee, were
east by persons not qualified to cast them at each of the
precincts, without regard to the proceedings being con-
ducted in conformity with law, the result would be as fol-
low??, namely:
For Mr. Blair, official vote   6,630
Deduct clcrical error, eastern precinct, seventh
ward    180
Dcduct erroneous count, votes cast for Barret,. 2
Deduct illegal votes rejected by committee  55
  237
6,393
Add votes thrown out, western prccinct, first
ward  8
Add votes not counted  2
— 10
6,4U3
For Mr. Barret, official vote  7,057
Deduct names unknown at MeliPs store.. 6
Deduct illegal votes rejected by commit-
tee * «, 663
  699
6,388
Add two votes erroneously counted for Blair.. 9
  6,390
Majority for Blair    13
By this final statement, they make a majority
for Blairof only 13 votes. Now, I venture to say,
that if the members of this House will analyze
the 663 votes which they have rejected as illegal
votes given to Mr. Barret, they will find that there
are twicc thirteen of these votes, counted as illegal
votes to Barret, when in fact, according to the evi-
dence in the case, these voters cast their votes for
Mr. Blair, or the American candidate.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. If my col-
league will allow mo to interrupt him a moment,
1 will state a fact in confirmation of what he has
said.
Mr. GILMER. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. The majority
of the committee, in summing up the vote, after
purging the polls, show a difference of 13 votes
m favor of the contestant. An examination of the
tablcsfurnished in the report discloses errors more
than enough to reverse this majority. I will de-
tain the House a moment in pointing out a suffi-
cient number contained in these pages to produce
this rQsult.
On page 22 and following: will be found a list
of illegafvotes charged against the sitting mem-
ber, distributed into precincts or places of voting.
Among the number east at Carondelet, thus er-
roneously deducted from the vote ol the sitting
member, are three; one of which, that of John
Robbins. whose ballot is numbered 460, was cast
for Breckinridge; and twoothers, those ofThoxnas
Hefer, numbered 60, and John Mathes, numbered
510, were cast for Blair, the contestant, as a ref-
erence to the evidence will prove. In the list of
voters, the name of John Walther, and not that
of John Mathes, is registered against number 510,
while the name of John Matthey, doubtless the
same person, is registered 497; but whichever
number is taken, the result is the same, as both
the .ballots, 497 and 510, were given for Blair.
At the Gravois Mines, the following named per-
sons are contained in the list of rejected votes
given for Barret, each of whom, by reference to
the registry of voters, appears to have voted, not
for him, but for Breckinridge: A. Adams, num-
bered 5; William Sumner, 23; Samuel D. Thomp-
son, 54; Samuel Drumes, 62; William Burdefl,
66; Phil Lowes, 109; George Davis, 110; Philip
Smith, 136; Thomas Donegan, 137.
At the eastern precinct or the second ward, in
the list of rejected votes for Barret, the name of
Fred Kraft will be found numbered, erroneously,
1,120, instead of its true number, 1,122, who, the
evidence shows, voted for Blair. There are twelve
more pages of rejected votes which I have not
examined, and which might exhibit a much larger
number of errors against the sitting member. But
the three pages which I have looked over contain
a sufficient number of errors to correct the con-
clusions of the committee, and quiet the claim of
the sitting member to his seat. I have myself
ascertained, by reference to the proofs which are
annexed to the case, the existence of those er-
rors, and, indeed, of some others in the same
lists, but to which it is not necessary, at present,
to call the attention of the House.
The result, then, stands thus: there are 10
votes improperly deducted from Barret, which
were given to a third candidate in the canvass,
to wit: Mr. Breckinridge, and 3 votes which
were given to the contestant himself. The 3
votes thus given for Blair must be added to his
number of illegal votes, and the same number re-
stored to Barret's legal vote, making a difference
of 6 votes in their relation's with each other.
There are, therefore, 16 votes requiring correc-
tion, and which reverse the majority accorded by
the committee to the contestant, and give the seat
to the sitting member by a majority of 3. So that,
in this view of the case, as my colleague sug-
gests, the sitting member must be confirmed m
his seat.
Mr. GILMER. I desire now to call the atten-
tion of the House to another estimate which Mr.
Blair furnished to the committee in his own figures.
If you will look at the printed brief, where he
arrives at his majority, on their plan of calcula-
tion, you will find that he arrives at a majority
of 91" instead of 168, as a majority of the com-
mittee do in their first statement. Here is his
statement:
"The whole number of illegal votesshown to hare been
cast for Barret, 751. Deduct 751 from 7,057, the whole
number returned for him, and it leaves him 6,300. It is
admitted that 160 votes were given to Blair in the eastern
piecinct of the seventh ward by an error of one of the
clerks; deduct this from 6,681, and it leaves him 6,451; to
this H to be added 19 votes improperly thrown out or ex-
cluded, and which should be counted for Blair, making
0,470; and deducting illegal votes cast for him, 73 votes,
leaves him 6,397; and gives him a majority ot 91."
I will show that my friend upon the committee
and this contestant did not calculate alike; and if
they did, and he had calculatcd as the committee
calculated, he would have got only 13 majority,
irrespective of the votes mentioned by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) The gentleman
says upon the same basis of calculation I make
the majority only 91. I make it 91 without in-
cluding any of the precincts rejected by the ma-
jority of the committee. So that my calculation
is not upon the same basis as theirs.
Mr. GILMER. That is not important, but I
am coming to a matter that is important. The
gentleman admits that lie got 73 illegal votes, on
his own showing, as I have proved here. 1 want
no special pleading in this case. It is too plain a
case for me to have any cause to resort to any
such thing. Mr. Blair admits there were 73 ille-
gal votes for himself, and yet the majority came
to the conclusion that there were only 55. But
the minority of the committee have come to the
conclusion that the evidence as to the illegality
