I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question^—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
do, confidently appeal to the sense of justice and
the patriotism of the whole North, and to the great
interests which you have in the preservation of
this Union; and we conjure you, by the memories
of a common past and the hopes of a common fu-
ture, not to place this Government in the hands of
a party which, whatever may be the motives of
some who cooperate with it, we believe to be dan-
^kous to the peace of oar people, hostile to their
interests and institutions, and ultimately subvers-
ive of their independence. If you do, whatever
course the South in her extremity may see proper
to take, on you will rest the responsibility.
TIIE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. C. C. WASHBURN,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the House of RefresenYatiyhs,
Jlpril 26, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of tho Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, said:
Mr. Chairman: Soon after the organization
of the House i sought the floor for the purpose
of leplymg to a speech made by"my colleague
[Mr. Larrabee] during the contest for Speaker.
1 was desirous of correcting some of his misrep-
resentations, and satisfying this House and my
constituents, that 1 did not hold to one set of opin-
ions at home and another here, as was intimated
by him. When I finally obtained the floor, my
colleague was absent, stumping it through the
back towns of Connecticut in favor of modern
Democracy; and as I did not care to speak in re-
ply to him in his absence, I gave up my chance
to my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Kellogg,] and
with if, I gave up my intention of speaking alto-
gether. But as I discover that no business is likely
to he done until after the Charleston convention
is over, and that if I occupy the floor now for an
hour it will in no way retard the business of the
country, I will claim the attention of the commit-
tee for a short time. I hold in my hand a speech
delivered in this House, on the 17th of December
last, by my colleague from the third district in
Wisconsin, [Mr. Larrabee,] and as it was de-
voted somewhat to the Republican party of Wis-
consin,and indirectly to his colleagues, Mr. Pot-
ter and myself, I propose to make a few running
comments upon it, as 1 pass along. As he is the
Representative of a lar^o and intelligent constit-
uency, I may be pardoned for noticing what I
should otherwise pass without observation.
I regret that he is not here; but when I reflect
how necessary his presence was at Charleston, in
order to the successful management of that con-
vention, and further that the Vice Presidency is a
prize not to* be rashly declined without full and
frank conference with friends on the spot, I do
not think that he is liable to censure for leaving
his scat here and going to Charleston Such was
his haste, on coming to Washington last Decem-
ber, to define his position and assail a portion of
the people of the State that had honored him with
a seat on this floor, that he could not even wait
for an organization of the House. As an excuse
for occupying the time of the House, and to that
extent at least for delaying its organization, he
sent up and had read from the Cierk's desk the
proceedings of a German meeting in Milwaukee to
sympathize with John Brown, and to protest in
the name and behalf of the great majority /f Ger-
mans in our State against any allegation tLrcit such
.sympathy was felt by them. w/
Mr. Chairman, 1 know not to what extent the
German or any other portion of the people of Wis-
consin sympathize with John Brown. That there
is any considerable number of persons in the State
that approve of his raid into Virginia, or sympa-
thize with his method of righting what he regarded
as a e;reat moral wrong, I do not believe; neither
will! believe that there was a single person within
r the limits of the entire State that had any knowl-
edge or suspicion that any such enterprise was in
contemplation. I never heard aRepublican, in my
State or out of it, speak of the transaction without
expressing the most profound regret. That there
is felt in Wisconsin mure or less of sympathy and
admiration for certain personal traits of character
exhibited by John Brown, while in prison and on
the scaffold, it would be folly to deny. Those
traits of character were such as to Challenge the
admiration of Governor Wise himself, who pro-
nounced him the " bravest man, the most truth-
ful man, and the most sincere man" ho ever knew.
It is not strange, then, that the qualities which so
much struck Governor Wise should excite sym-
pathy every where where bravery, sincerity, and
truth are regarded. I presume that the German
population of Wisconsin participate more or less
m that feeling. They are generally opposed to
the institution of slavery and to the extension of
slavery. Very many of them act with the Re-
publican party; and 1 doubt not that they would
nearly all do so, were it not that in our State the
Democraticpartyhas, to agreat extent,persuaded
them that they were the real friends of freedom,
free soil, and free men, and that the most effectual
way to prevent the further extension of slaver}'
was to vote the Democratic ticket.
As they learn our language, however, very
readily, they soon begin to road for themselves,
and, as they do so, generally become Republic-
ans; and, sooner or later, the great mass of Ger-
mans will belong to the Republican party. South-
ern men and slaveholders understand this perfectly
well, and hence it is that they look with such hor-
ror upon the ingress of Germans into the free
States. They sec that the effect must be to in-
crease the power and influence of fi vt labor, and
thus render more speedy and cei tain the result of
that 44 irrepressible conflict,*' which always has
existed ana always will exist, between free and
slave labor. It is this sentiment, in regard to that
class of population, that renders the South nearly
unanimous against that much-desired Republican
measure, a homestead bill, and which has led a
Democratic Senate to substitute for the House
bill one depriving foreigners of its benefits. It is
in vain for my colleague to endeavor to persuade
his southern friends here that the Germans of Wis-
consin are in favor of slavery or slavery extension.
Southern politicians are not easily imposed upon
by protestations of northern men, which they
know have no foundation m reason; and northern
men who set out tu prove to them that the North
is not opposed to the further extension of slavery,
generally end in winning the contempt of those
they endeavor to deceive. The German popula-
tion of Wisconsin, taken as a body, are intelli-
gent, industrious, loyal, and patriotic. Among
them may be found some of the most brilliant
and highly-cultivated minds of which the country
can boast. They have contributed largely to the
wealth, power, and prosperity of the State, and
to their honor I speak, what my colleague dare
not deny, they are opposed to slavery and slavery
extension.
As my colleague represents a larger foreign-
born constituency than any other gentleman here,
and a constituency generally opposed to slavery
and slavery extension, I will leave him to explain
to that constituency the reason why he gratui-
tously declared on this floor, during the contest
for Speaker, that he was ready to leave his own
party and vote for a member of the southern
American party in order to defeat the Republican
candidate for Speaker, and afterwards did so vote.
Will his reason be, that the South American party
entertained views more nearly akin to those of his
constituents than the Republicans ? What are the
views of the South Americans, that rendered my
colleague so eager to declare that he would vote
for any one of their number for Speaker? Many
of them believe that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States carries slavery into all our Territories,
and that it, is the duty of Congress to pass laws
to protect it there. They also believe that our
Government is in danger from the introduction of
foreigners; and are in favor, as I understand, of
increasing,the time required for their naturaliza-
tion. These are the main points of ditference
between the Americans and Republicans; and
because of these points of difference, my colleague
so much prefers a {South American to a Repub-
lican. I cannot but think that it was rather hard,
after he had shown himself such a " willing soul,"
that the South Americans would not honor him
with a single vote for Speaker in return. It was
very ungrateful. Yet I observe, by a leading Dem-
ocratic paper at Milwaukee, that he had a very
narrow escape from the Speaker's chair; and that
it was only m consequence of his exceeding fhod-
esty that he was not elected. He had only to con-
sent to the use of his name and the thing was
done. [Laughter.]
• But, Mr. Chairman, I pass to consider another
portion of my colleague s speech. He told the
House that he was an anti-Lecompton Demo-
crat; but that issue being dead, he had buried it,
and that there was no division among the Democ-
racy of Wisconsin. They were all Democrats,
and supporters of the national Administration.
Now, this docs not accord with my understand-
ing of the matter; and, I think, is slightly erro-
neous, particularly in regard to their being all
supporters of the national Administration.
When my colleague says that he buried the
Lecompton issue,I can assure him that the people
have neither buried nor forgotten it, nor forgiven
the men who raised that issue. They know that
such issues-may again arise; and he need not bo
surprised to fmd himself entombed, iffstead of the
Lecompton issue. What was that issue of which
my colleague now seems to be so much ashamed
and so anxious to forget and strike hands with
the perpetrators of that iniquity? No more nor
less than an attempt to force upon an unwilling
people a constitution which they had no part in
forming; a constitution absolutely hateful to them,
and authorizing the institution of slavery. The
whole power of this Administration, with which
my colleague is now so much in love, was brought
to bear to force that constitution upon the people
of Kansas.
An outrage so great, that at a meeting of Dem-
ocrats at Janesville, Wisconsin, to denounce it, in
December, 1857, my colleague declared, (and I
use the language he is reported to have used,) that
were he a " Kansas Democrat, he would not sub-
mit to the Lecompton constitution; that he would
say that he was not slave enough to submit to
such a dictation from Washington."
Brave words were those, adapted to the latitude
of Wisconsin; but how unlike any language he
has uttered here in the hearing of the slave power.*
Does my collcaguc not know that had he pro-
claimed it on the stump when he was a candidate,
that he had forgotten and forgiven Mr. Buchan-
an s complicity with the Lecompton outrage, he
would not be here? Does he not know that one
of the reasons why he was nominated, was be-
cause he had made himself conspicuous in de-
nouncing the President's Lecompton policy?
My colleague has a great fancy for seeing him-
self in print. He is also fond of a joke. His
last effort in that line, is to be found in a late let-
ter of his in reply to a letter of Hon. Thomas
Green Davidson, addressed to his constituents.
Mr. Davidson had charged that the friends of
Judge Douglas were engaged in playing a game
of " brag." This was denied by my colleague,
and in the course of his denial, he uses this lan-
guage:
"The writer of this communication professes to know,
and does know, a good deal more of northern Democratic
sentiment than Mr. Davidson has had an opportunity of
ascertaining; and he ventures to say that Judge Douglas
can carry, if nominated at Cimileston. the States of Ohio.
Indiana,"Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, and, in all
probability, Michigan; that he ean carry the State of New
York, the" Htate of Connecticut, and the Administration
will unquestionably aid the nominee of the convention to
cany triumphantly the State of Pennsylvania. Mr. Da-
vidson's ' deliberate conviction,' so far as northern seuti-
ment is concerned, simply a very great mistake, and ho
will sooner or later discover his error."
If this docs not afford a rich fund for amusement
to men of all parties m Wisconsin, I mistake their
appreciation of fun. ' His reputation as a "joker"
will certainly remain undiminished. Talk about
Douglas, or any other Democrat, carrying Wis-
consin. Why, sir, there is no future event so ut-
terly improbable. As my colleague has proph-
esied largelv, I may bo indulged slightly. But I
will not undertake to speak for any but my own
State, and I will venture to put on record the pre-
diction, that if William H. Seward, or any other
tried Republican, is nominated at Chicago, tho
second congressional district will roll up a Repub-
lican majority of fifteen thousand, and the entire
State a majority of twenty-five thousand.
My colleague said in his speech that he had been
<{ astonished" since he came here, to hear gentle-
men, who were Democrats, charging the Admin-
