686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
of votes cast, 207, necessary to a choice, 104—of
which
George Marston received 110
Joseph L. Wright 57
A. H. Maryland 
Alexander Ward  12
Andrew J. Lanier  12
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Marston—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Al-
drich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Scale, Bingham, Blaii, Blake,
Brayton, Buflinton, Burllngame, Burnham, Burroughs, But-
terfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, CoK'ax, Conkling,
Corwin, Covode, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
DueH, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Ely, Etberidge, Fams-
worth, Fenton, Ferry, Fostci, Frank, French, Gooch, Gra-
ham, Grow, GurJev, Hale, Hall, Haskin, Helmick, Hick-
man, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvme, Junkin, Francis
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore, Kilhngei,
DeWitt C. Leach, Leo, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy,
Marston, McKcan, McICmght, Milhvard, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Edwaid Joy Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Palmer,
Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottei, Pottlo, ilice, Christopher Rob
inson, lioyee, Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, S.Herman,
Somes, Spaulding, Spinner. Stanton, Stevens, William
Stewart, Stokes, Tappan, Tlieaker, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyok, Verree, Wade, Oadwala-
der C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Woodrulf, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mi. Wright—Messrs. Allen, A-sbmore, Baiksdale, Bo-
cook, Bonham, Bouligny, Boyce, Bureh, Burnett, Clemens,
Clopton, Cobb, Cooper, Coy, Burton Craige, Crawford,
DeJamette, Dnnmick, Edmundson, Florence, Garnett, Gar-
trell, John T. Harris, Ilawkm?, Uolman, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,Keitt,Lamar. Landrum,
Larrabee, Leake, Charles D. Martin, ElbeitS. Martin, Mc-
Queen, McUae, Mile-«, Million, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Phelps, Pryor, Iteagan, Kiggs,
James C. Robinson, Iiu^t, Singleton^ William Smith, James
A. Stewart, Taylor, and Thomas.
For Mr. Markland—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Av-
ery, Barietl, Boteler, John B. Claik, James Ctais, Fouke,
Hindman, Logan, Mallory, Noell, Peyton, KulFin, Stout,
Whtteley, and Wiight.
For Mr. Ward—Messrs. Barr, Brigss, Horace F. Clark,
John Cochrane, Curry, Hamilton, Maelay, McClernand,
!>>aac N. Morris, Scott, Sickles, and Wmslow.
For Mr. Lamar—Messrs. Green Adam?, Brabson, Bris-
tow, Hardeman, Ilatton, Hill, Maynaid, Laban T. Mooio,
Quarles, William N. H. Smith, Vance, and Webster.
The SPEAKER. Mr. George Marston hav-
ing receiycd 110 votes—which is amajority of the
whole number of votes cast—is duly elected Door-
keeper of the House for the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress.
Mr. Marston, escorted by the late Doorkeeper,
Mr. Wright, advanced to the Speaker's chair, and
took the oath of office.
During the vote,
Mr. DUNN said: I gave notice this morning
that 1 had paired off with Mr. Stevf.nsont, of
Kentucky; but by the arrangement of his friends,
the pair of Mr. Stevenson is transferred to my
colleague, Mr. Wilson, for this vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I believe there is a
rule forbidding members to remain at the Clerk's
desk while a vote is being taken. I should like
to have it enforced.
The SPEAKER directed members to retire from
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. CLEMENS subsequently asked the Chair
to enforce the same rule.
The SPEAKER repeated his directions.
Mr. CLEMENS. If the instructions of the
Chair be not obeyed, I call upon the Chair to des-
ignate gentlemen by name. I am in favor of the
enforcement of the rules of the House without
favor or affection. I see the Clerk's table sur-
rounded by gentlemen who have no right even to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. All persons not connected
with the Clerk's desk will retire.
The result of the vote was announced as above.
ELECTION OF POSTMASTER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now proceed to the election of Post-
master of the House for the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, viva voce; and on that I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the mam question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. POTTER. On that 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr, STANTON, I would like to know what
all this means. I do not understand it. There
seems to be a screw loose somewhere. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It is a relaxation
of discipline.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is rebellion
in the camp.
Mr. PHELPS. Let us know the cause of this
rebellion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
were now in order.
Mi. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I put in nom-
ination Josiah M. Lucas, of Illinois.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I nominate M. W. Cluskey
as Postmaster of the House for the Thirty-Sixth
Congress.
Mr. MALLORY. I nominate J. E. Scruggs,
of Virginia. [Laughter.] Gentlemen seem to
manifest some little merriment; I presume it is
at the name of my friend; but, sir, like many an-
other man, his qualities are more admirable than
his name is euphonious. I know him to be a
gentleman of integrity and worth; and, as such,
i nominate him as Postmaster of the House for
the Thirty-Sixth Congress.
Mr. POTTER. I move that this House do
now adjourn. [Shoutsof "No!" "No!" from
the Democratic side.]
Mr. PETTIT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Messrs. Kellogg of Illinois, Hoard, Haris
of Virginia, and Bouligny, were appointed tellers.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Postmaster, with the following result: Whole
number of votes, 210; necessary to a choice, 106;
of which—
Mr. Lucas received ....108
Mi. Cluskey  85
Mr. Sciuggs  17
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Lucas—Messr«. Charles F. Adams, Adiam, Al-
drich, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Bcale, Bingham, Blair,Blake,
Brayton, Buflinton, Builingame, Burnham, Burroughs,
Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Conk-
ling, Covode, Cuius, II. Winter Davis, l)a\vcs, Delano,
Duell, Edgerton, Edward*, Ely, Ethorulge, Fain^vvorth,
Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank," French, Gooch, Graham,
Grow, Gurley, Hale, kali, J. Morrison Harris, Haskin,
Helmick, Hickman. Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchins, Iivmo,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
lOlgore, Killingci, DeWitt" C. Leach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovejov, McKcan, McKnight, Milhvard, Moor-
hoitd, Mori ill. Edward Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer,
Perry, Pettit, Poitei, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds Rice, Chris-
topher Kohinson, Kojce, Schwartz, Scianton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Some;-, Sp.iukhng, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens,
William Stewart, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Tiain,
Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek, Verree, Wade, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa-dibume, Israel
Wa-hburn, Wells, Wilson, Woodruff, and Mi. Speaker.
For Mr. Cluskey— Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Andeison,
Ashmore, Avery, Baiksdale, Bair, Barrett, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Bouligny, Boycc, Buieh, Burnett, Horace F. Claik,
John B. Clark, Clemen®, Wopton, Cobb, John (Cochrane,
Cooper, Cox. James Ciaig, Burton Craig;1, Crawfoid, Curry,
John G. Davis, Reuben Davis. De Jarnette, Dimnuck, Ed-
mundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton,
Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hawkins, Ilindman, Holman,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt,
Lamai, Landium, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Maelay,
Charles D. Maitm, Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Iteagan, Itiggs, James C. Robinson, Uuffin,
Ru^t, Scott, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, James A.
vStewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Whiteley, Wmslow, and
Wright.
For Mr. Scru«°;s—Messrs. Green Adams, Boteler, Brab-
son, Brigg*, BrMovv,Gilmer, Hatton, Hill, Mallory, May-
nard, Laban T. Moore, Nelson, Q,uarles, William N. H.
Smith, Stokes, Vance, and Webster.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DUNN stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Stevenson on this vote.
The SPEAKER then dcclarcd that Mr. Lucas,
having received a majority of all the votes cast,
was duly elected Postmaster of the House for the
Thirty-Sixth Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had ordered to be printed
five hundred copies pf the annual report of Cap-
tain M.'C. Meigs on the Capitol extension, the
new dome, and the Washington Aqueduct, for the
use of that officer.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before moving that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next, I will state that I understand the Speaker
will be prepared on Thursday to announce the
standing committees of the House.
Mr. W FNSLOW. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that it be the understanding that no
business shall be transacted until Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the exception of the
election of Printer to complete the organization,
I am willing that that shall be the understanding.
Mr. WINSLOW. But as the gentleman very
well knows, that would prevent members from
going home to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The gentleman from
Ohio yields the floor to me for a moment, to make
an explanation.
j CLAIMS OF WASHINGTON AND OREGON.
Mr. STOUT. I desire leave of the House to
introduce a resolution. I will first have it read
for information, and then state my reasons for
offering it at this time
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Third Auditor of the Treasury is
hereby requested to send to this House the report called for
by resolution of the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress requesting him to make an examination of the claims
of Washington and Oregon, for expenses incurred in the
yeais 1855 and 1836 in repelling Indian depredations.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that his resolution ought to call upon the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is customary to
call upon the head of a Department, and not upon
the head of a bureau.
Mr. STOUT. The resolution passed at the last
session of Congress was addressed to the Third
Auditor.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
resolution will be received.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection, if the
resolution is so modified as to call upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. STOUT, I will so modify my resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object^o the resolution.
Mr. STOUT. Let me state to the House, that
my reason for offering the resolution at this time
is, that the matter is now before a committee of
the Senate for investigation, and they desire the
report of the Third Auditor, which was called
for by the last House of Representatives. They
cannot proceed with their investigations until that
report is before them. If there be objection, I
; will move to suspend the rules.
ADJOURNMENT OVER-
Mr. SHERMAN. There being objection to
the rcsolulion, I will insist on my motion, that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. STOUT. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor, objection having been made to the
resolution of the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. MeOLERNAND. Is it the understand-
ing, that when.the House meets on Thursday, it
will adjourn to meet on Monday next?
Mr. SHERMAN. After electing a Printer.
Mr. ASHMORE. I desire to move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, so as to
provide that when the House adjourns, it shall be
to meet on the first Monday in March.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio for a moment. We have
the President's annual message, which has not
been read. I would suggest that we meet to-mor-
row, let the message be read, and then adjourn
over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest,
that there is no debatable question before the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will merely say, in reply
to the gentleman from Missouri, that it would be
useless to take up the President's message and re-
fer it until the standing committees of the House
i have been appointed. 1 understand that they will
be appointed on Thursday next, when it will be
proper to take up the message and refer it.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not propose the distri-
bution of the message to the standing committees
of the House, but merely to have it read and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It can then be distributed to the
; standing committees, when they have been ap-
! pointedT
Mr. ASHMOHE. I desire to offer this amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from Ohio;
that we send a message to the Senate, requesting
them to concurwith this House in an adjournment
until the first Monday in March.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, that is
out of order. Now, with the permission of the
