264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
36tii Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
istration of Mr. Buchanan with being "wicked,
consupt, and infamous." " Why, sir," said he,
with a degrccof innocent simplicity truly refresh-
ing, " if this bo so, I have learned the fact for the
first tiitie." Where can he have been for the last
two years that he should be in such a state pf
blissful ignorance? I respectfully recommend to
this modern Rip Van Winkle that he should wake
up long enough to read the reports of the naval
investigating committee, the Willett's Point com-
mittee, and the FortSnelling committee of the last
Congress. He told us that he would vote for a
South American for Speaker, and did so vote;and
yet there is hardly one of those gentlemen but
what, at the time he made that declaration and at
the time he voted for one, had stated in their places
here, that the present Administration was the most
corrupt that had ever existed since the foundation
of the Government.
With what humility he alludes to the fact of his
having been snubbed by the President, and his
recommendations disregarded, will-be seen in the
following extract:
" I always yield to the President of the United States the
highest possible respect. I entertain those sentiments to-
day for the present occupant of the presidential chair, and
it matters not to me whether he recognizes me as a Demo-
crat or not in the mere distribution of paltry Federal office.-*.
No man should visit his mere personal grievances on his
party."
If there is not a bright and shining example of
meekness, I do not know what meekness is.
Mr. Chairman, Patrick Henry, of Virginia, once
said that.
" There were periods in the history of man when corrup-
tion anddepiavity have so long debased the human charac-
ter that man trtnks under the weight of the oppressor's hand,
and becomes his servile, his abject slave. He licks the hand
that smites turn."
I pass for a moment to consider my colleague's
declaration, that the Republican party is a sec-
tional party. Why sectional ? What arc the aims
and objects of the Republican party? Simply to
restrain the extension of slavery into territory now
free. If that makes the party sectional, it is so;
for that is the unalterable purpose of the Repub-
lican party. They believe, as did the men who
founded our Government, that slavery is an evil,
not to be extended and nurtured; and that as Con-
gress wasalways recognized prior to 1850 as hav-
ing entire control of this question of slavery ex-
tension in the Territories, so ought it to legislate
to prevent the extension of this great evil. They
believe, as was declared a few years ago by the
Democracy of Pennsylvania, " that it formed no
part of the compromises of the Constitution that
slavery should forever travel with the advancing
column of our territorial progress." AH the con-
stitutional rights of the South, and of all sections
of the Union, they are determined to maintain at
all hazards.
But he says we are sectional, because a jjreat
leader in the Republican party [Mr. Seward] has
declared that there was an " irrepressible conflict"
between the " .North and the South." Mr. Sew-
ard has never made the declaration that there was
any conflict between the North and the South,and
mycoIWguoccrtatnlymustknow it. Inasmuchas
this term " irrepressible conflict" is made a bug-
bear to frighten the ignorant and timid, I will read
just what Mr. Seward said, m his celebrated
Rochester speech, upon that subject:
"Hitherto the two systems have existed in different
Statewide by side, within the American Union." * *
* * u TlH^e antagonistic sv.stem* arc continually com-
ing into eloper contact, and collision reMilts. Shall I tell
you what this collision mean> ? They who think that it is
accidental, univicess-arv—the work of interested or fanatical
agitators, and therefore ephemeral—mistake the ea^e alto-
gether. It is an irrepressible conflict between opposing and
enduring foice>, mid it mean?, that the United States? mus-l,
and will, sooner or later, become entuely a slavehokhng
nation, «r entiiely a tree labor nation."
Never was a greater truth uttered by mortal
man than this by Mr. Seward, fie asserted
what every intelligent man knows to be true, that
involuntary labor is antagonistic to free labor, and
hence they are in conflict; and as the two sys-
tems are, and always must be, in conflict, the
Republican party is determined to lessen that con-
flict as much as possible, by refusing to extend
the system of involuntary labor.
Bat, Mr. Chairman,Mr. Seward the evil gen-
ius of Democracy, as he is now regarded, never
uttered any sentiment on this slave question more
I
objectionable to the South and to the friends of
slavery, than George Washington, Thomas Jef-
ferson, or James Madison, and if either of those
great men vrcre now living their persons would be
unsafe to-day on the soil of Virginia. Why, sir,
it is but a few days ago that a distinguished son
of Virginia, and the author of a history of that
ancient Commonwealth, Hon. R. R. Howison, in
a letter to Bayard Taylor, excusing his with-
drawal of an invitation to lecture before a literary
association in Richmond, declared that the opin-
ions of Washington upon slavery were contrary
to " Scripture and reason," and that Jefferson, if
now living " would not be a welcome visitor in a
Virginia community."
This is no doubt true, and it is, to say the least
of it, candid in the historian to avow it, however
discreditable the fact may be. It is lamentable to
contemplate the inroads that have been made
upon the moral sense of that scction of our coun-
try in the last few years. It is but a few years
ago, that this same historian wrote and printed in
his History of Virginia, that
"The last and mu£t important causc unfavorably affect-
ing Virginia, which wo shall mention, is the existence of
slavery within her bounds."
And this:
" We apprehend that in general, the people of Virginia
hold slaveiy to be an enormous evil, bearing with lafal
power on their prosperity."
Mr. Chairman, too much honor is conferred on
Mr. Seward, great, wise, benevolent, patriotic,
and far-seeing as he i«, in attributing to him the
authorship of this " irrepressible conflict" senti-
ment. Mr. Calhoun had before declared the same
thing. Kentucky's noblest son, the lion-hearted
Clay, in 1827, before the American Colonization
Society, spoke as follows:
" If they would repress all tendencies towards liberty and
ultimate emancipation, they must do more than put down
the benevolent efforts of this society. They mu*t go back
to the era of our libeity and independence, and muzzle the
cannon which thunders us annuo! joyous return. They
must revive the slave trade, with all its tram of atrocities.
They mint suppress the woi kings of British philanthropy,
seeking to ameliorate the condition of the unfortunate West
Indian slaves. They must arre.-*t the career of South Amer-
ican deliverance from tliralidom. They mint blow out the
moial lights around us and extin^uit-h the greatest torch of
all which America pie^onu to a benighted world, pointing
tile way io their lights, their liberties and their happiness.
And when they have achieved all these pui poses? their
woik will be jet incomplete. They must penetrate the
human soul, and eradicate the light of icason and the love
of liberty. Then, and not until then, when universal dark-
ness and despair piev.ul, can you perpetuate slavery, and
repress all sympathies and all humane and benevolent effort*
among freemen in behali of the unhappy portion ot our race
who arc dootnod to bondage."—Tenth Annual Report of
Colonization Society.
Sir, this conflict will continue until you " pone
trate the human soul, and eradicate the light of
reason and the love of liberty."
My colleague charges that the Republican party
of Wisconsin are inimical to the rights of the
South. I deny it. I deny that they are opposed
to the just rights of any man, or any section of
this CJmon. That they are opposed to the fugi-
tive slave law, and declare it to be unconstitutional
is no doubt true. The people of Wisconsin gen-
erally, without distinction of party, regretted the
passage of the fugitive slave law. The entire dele-
gation in Cougrcss at the time opposed that law.
Both Senators were sound Democrats, and two
of the three Representatives; but they knew the
sentiment of their constituents, and unanimously
opposed the law. The people of the State, then
as now, regard the law us a most inhuman one,
and a disgrace to the statute-book of a free, en-
lightened Christian country. The supreme court
of the State has declared it-to be unconstitutional;
and, in doing so, pronounced an opinion which,
in my judgment, is unanswerable.
While the people are opposed to the law, they
will not resistitsexecution, neither will they help
to execute it; but will leave that dirty work to the
officers of the Federal Government, and such Dem-
ocrats as like to engage in it. It is aspecies of work
that must be repulsive to every honorable mind,
and work that Henry Clay once said no gentleman
would engage in.
I do not deny, Mr. Chairman, that the fugitive
slave law is particularly offensive to the people of
my State. To their honor I state that they gen-
erally detest that law. There has never been but
one attempt to enforce it within the limits of Wis-
consin, but that was under circumstanccs of great
atrocity. The forbearance of the people on that
occasion was remarkable. Great as was the ex-
citement and indignation felt at the time, the slave
hunter escaped unharmed, and the fugitive de-
parted for Canada. A citizen of Milwaukee, who
rode through the streets and announced to the
people that a man was about to be kidnapped,
was indicted'by the United States district coi#t,
and, with a packed jury of Democrats, was con-
victed and sentenced to pay a fine of $1,000 and
be imprisoned for thirty days, and until the fine
was paid. The United States custom-house of
Milwaukee was converted into a prison, and the
alleged rescucris now held there a close prisoner,
guarded by a small army of Government officials,
for fear of a rescue, at an expense to the public
of over $100 per day. So long as the Government
think it profitable to keep him there, at an ex-
pense of thirty or forty thousand dollars a year,
and we vote the money, I suppose he will remain.
It is but just that my colleague should have the
full benefit which a knowledge of his position will
give him with his southern friends, and for that
reason I state, what I know nothing but his mod-
esty prevented him from stating, that in a discus-
sion with me last fall, one year after he had been
elected to the office he now holds, he stated, in
answer to interrogatories from me, that if he had
been in Congress in 1850, he would have voted for
the fugitive slave law. He also stated that he
would help to execute it; and also that had he been
in Congress in 1854, he would have voted for the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and repeal of the Missouri
compromise line, an act which, I believe, is now
almost universally regretted, and is looked upon
as the Pandora's box from which has sprung all
our present, ills. It may be proper to remark here
that the Democratic member who represented, in
1854, the district which my colleague now repre-
sents, was elected by a majority of some seven
thousand votes. , He dodged on that bill, and at
the next election his constituents placed the seal
of condemnation upon him by amojoriryof three
thousand, thus showing, in a most unmistakable
manner, their condemnation of the act. And yet
his successor declared thathe would have voted for
it. Could contempt forthc will of a constituency
further go ? Let him take warning from the fate
of that predecessor.
I mention these things, and help my colleague
to define his position J because 1 know that it
will greatly improve his status here, and may be
the means of the President removing from him the
ban under which he was placed after his vocifer-
ous participation in the anti-Lecompton meeting
at Janesville, Wisconsin, during the pending of
th<J*Lecompton controversy, to which I have be-
fore alluded. This knowledge will certainly es-
tablish his claim to being a national man and a
patriot.
My colleague says that we will not deny that
the Republican party are opposed to the fugitive
slave law, and the admission of any more slave
States; but, says he, u when they come here, they
take back those words, and say that the'y meant
nothing;" and in proof of the declaration, he tri-
umphantly inquired " if anybody had got up on
our side of the House to represent the views of
Horace Greeley?" Well, I should rather think
not. I am not aware that Mr. Greeley has asked
anybody to expound his views here. 1 fancy that
he feels competent to speak for himself, fcut if
he means to say that his Republican colleagues
express or entertain opinions at home that they
do not here, it is not true. When I am asked,
hr-re or elsewhere, if I approve of or will turn out
to help e&cute the fugitive slave law, I answer em-
phatically "No." When I said to my constitu-
ents at home, that, under no conceivable case,
would I vote for. the admission of another slave
State into this Union, I meant just what I said.
This question of the admission of States I regard
as one of discretion entirely. That discretion
members are often called upon to exercise. At the
last session of Congress 1 voted against the ad-
mission of Oregon, a free State, for reasons that
were satisfactory to me, and yet I have never heard
itallcged that myself and the gentlemen who voted
with me, violated our constitutional obligations in
doins: so.
What is there, then, more sacred about a slave
