1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
They wero really the men who had advanced
money to enable him to attempt to carry into effect
this contract for five hundred tons of hemp, I
think; and their remonstrance will probably be
found amongthe papers in the Senate. I remem-
ber it perfectly. 1 endeavored to get such a pro-
vision in the bill; but Congress could not well
interfere between debtor and creditor, and say tg
whom the money -should be. paid. These gentle-
men, I am told, to thig, day have never received
one cent. The experiment was made at the cost
of others; the loss was made at the cost of others;
and now we are to pay over forty thousand dol-
lars to Mr. Myerle.
There never was, it seems to me, a more ex-
aggerated and preposterous claim than this is. I
do not know what amount his services, or what
he did, might be worth. He* went about the coun-
try as others did who make these contracts. I
have seen them here, endeavoring to make just
such contracts as were granted to Mr. Myerle—
gentlemen who did not raise hemp, gentlemen
whose plans I knew, who intended to go home
and get their neighbors who cultivated hemp to
water-rot it, promising them some little advanced
price; and that was the way they procured it. So
with Mr. Myerle. As has been remarked by a
Senator who has already addressed the Senate on
this subject, he did not expect to raise this hemp;
he expected to buy it from others. There is no
substance, no reality, and no justice in this claim.
I think that the claim originally—but I cannot trust
my memory exactly in relation to this particular
—was for a much less sum when it was first pre-
sented to this body; and others with whom I have
conversed on the subject concur in that recollec-
tion. I am willing to vote him—hoping that there
is enough scintilla of right to justify ^the vote—
$5,000. 1 will not vote for another cent myself.
I think that is as much as he is entitled to.
' As for the contract, we are not, by the terms of
the bill, granting anything bocausc of his disap-
pointment in that respect. The bill is to reward
him for showing a practicable mode of water-
rotting hemp: for showing that it was not an un-
healthy process—unhealthy to those employed in
it. That is what he claims §44,000 for—for show-
ing the practicability and safety of the process of
water-rotting hemp. Are you prepared to vote
that sum of money on such a pretense? If he
was entitled to compensation, no jury would give
him anything like that sum, admitting the legality
of his claim, and calling tin them to assess the
damage, and to assess the value of his services.
Is there any Senator here who can say,as a faith-
ful representative of this people, that the people
ought to pay him $44,000 for it?
He was, it is said, engaged in Kentucky six or
seven yeais. How was he engaged? Simply in
riding over that hemp district. He may ride
across it in one day nearly, at the widest part of
it. It would not take him much more than one
day to ride leisurely across it. He did nothing
but show the people how to dam up their streams,
and put their hemp m the water. He was at it,
they say, six or seven years. There is no proof
of llml; or, if there is, it is a proof of that sort of
generality which does not deserve much consid-
eration here. He was in Kentucky six or seven
years, part of his time employed, and a small
part, no doubt, in teaching tlieso men how to do
this thing; in persuading them, and persuading
them that it would not make them sick if they
should work in this process. That is what hi;
was doing. It was a long1 lecturc, if he watj at it
for six or seven years, lie had i- very bad and
indocile set of scholars indeed if it took him that
long to show that process to a simple-minded
hemp-raiser. But after he had told them how to
water-iot this hemp, and after having water-rotted
it and prepared it for market, then his important
\v rk began, of buying: up the hemp to comply
with his contract, by which he obtained double
the ordinary price of dew-rotted hemp. That was
the speculation in which he was engaged. As to
that, I have nothing to say. This is net a claim
for damages, under the contract, at all. Accord-
ing to the terms of the bill, itis, as I stated before,
for showing the practicability and safety of the
process of watcr-rottms: hemp. That is what he
now claims for. His contract with the Govern-
ment, the wiongfulness of the Government, by
its officers, in rejecting the hemp, the fraud alleged
—all that is not a matter of present consideration;
but I presume the contract stipulated, as all such j
contracts do, that the hemp should not be x*eceivcd
or paid foruntil it underwent a certain inspection.
His complaint is not that it did not.undergo that
inspection. His further complaint is, that it was a
wrongful judgment. It may be so, but it was ex-
actly the arbitrament to which, by the terms of-the
contract, it was referred. I have nothing to say as
to that. He may have been ruined therein; and
indeed I will further say, that there is in my coun-
try a general impression prevailing among hemp-
raisers, that their hemp is received and inspected
with some degree of disfavor. The Russian hemp
is received more favorably by manufacturers who
have been longer accustomed to it, and by naval
men who have been longer in the habit of using
it, and finding it safe thgy do not wish to exchange
it for any other article of a like kind. The hemp-
raisers have been under that impression generally
in Kentucky. I have nothing to say to that; nor
is that before the Senate at all. The bill is to pay
for the practicability and safety of the water-rot-
ting process, as taught by him.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, if the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Kentucky can be
adopted to reduce this claim to $5,000, I am will-
ing that it shall go through; otherwise, I shall
make a motion to bring it to a decisive vote. I
do not think we ought to waste the whole day on
it. I have not examined it lately;, but when in
the other House, I know it was very thoroughly
examined, and discussed again and again. The
impression I have on my mind is, that this man,
so far from having lost by going to Kentucky,
went there as an adventurer, and that he was insol-
vent when he went. I believeit wasshown that he
had no property when he went there, and perhaps
he came away in the same condition; and what-
ever money he spent was furnished by some Ken-
tuckians. If anybody ought to be paid, I presume
they are the persons. I do not think the benefit
resulted which is claimed. I intend, therefore, to
move to postpone the bill until the 5th day of
March, if there be a majority for the bill, let
them vote it through, without debate. It is an
old claim, to wltich I can interpose its age as a
very good plea. A great many men have gone
out of the public councils, who knew much about
it, and who always succeeded in defeating it be-
fore; but if there is a majority of the Senate
against my motion, I am willing to let the bill go
through; but I am very anxious to attend to some
other cases on the Calendar, that seem to me to
have moie meiit.
Mr. IVERSON. As the large amount of this
claim is an objection with some Senators, I am
prepared to move its reduction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion now before the Senate
is the indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that will be with-
drawn.
.Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw it for the
Senator.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senate how
the opmmittee at the last session arrived at this
sum of $44,000. The committee at this session
did not investigate that question, but reported the
bill precisely in the form in which it was reported
at the last Congress. This claim has been pre-
sented and passed upon by both Houses of Con-
gress at several sessions, but never by both Mouses
at the same session. It has received the sanction
of seventeen different committees of the two
Houses, and has passed the Senate five or six
times. It has always heretofore been passed for
the sum of $30,000. That was the su-m the Senate
fixed upon, and that was the sum the House of
Reprcscntativesfixedupon. Itneverpassed either
branch of Congress for a less sum than $30,000,
except on the objection to which reference has
been made by the Senator from Louisiana, when
the violent opposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri, Colonel Benton, drove the Senate into a
reduction to $15,000. That is the truth of the
whole history.
The committee, finding that both Houses of
Congress had fixed on the sum of $30,000, and as !
that seemed to be considered the amount which |
ought to have been allowed, we took that £,30,000 j
and added interest on it from the time of the last  
action of Congress on the subject, which brought i
it up to $44,000. That is the way we arrived at i
that sum. But now I am willing to reduce the !
amount to $30,000, and I make that motion.* 1
move to amend the bill by striking out $44,400
and inserting$30,000, and then, after that amend-
ment—and 1 presume there will be no objection
to the amendment, as it reduces the sum—the
Senatorfrom North Carolina can move to lay the
bill on the table; or we can take any other test
question.
But, as a friend of the bill, I am not willing to
reduce it to less than §30,000. Five thousand dol-
lars! Why, sir, I am surprised at the Senator
frorf) Kentucky and the Senator from N<^?th Car-
olina both to talk about giving this man, under
the circumstances, #5,000. You mightas well give
him five cents. It would do him about as much
good. Five thousand dollars would not pay the ex-
Eenses of his board in the hotels here for the time
ft has been actually prosecuting this claim before
the Government. It would not pay'for his victuals
and clothes; and to talk about giving him $5,000
appears to me, I will not say ridiculous, because
that would be putting disrespect on the venerable
Senator from Kentucky; but I do think it is highly
unjust; and I trust the Senate will entertain no
such proposition. If they will not give anything;
if they will not give a liberal amount; if they will
not give $30,000—which is less than one half of
what he would have made if his hemp had not
been rejected—so far below the amount of his own
means that he expended, I trust they will give
him nothing at all. The Senator from North Car-
olina states that he was insolvent. He is mis-
taken about that. The testimony shows, as I
understand the evidence, thathe was worth $50,000
when he commenced the experiment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the Senator will look to
the debates of that time, it will be shown very
clearly that no property could be found, on exe-
cutions against him. Notwithstanding this alle-
gation, I have no doubt that will be ascertained
to be the fact. However, the Senate may take it
either way. I am against the claim altogether as
I understand it; but if we can have a vote upon it,
I am perfectly willing that a majority of the Sen-
ate shall have their way. My appeal was rather
made to get a decision on it, in the hope that some
other cases, which are meritorious, might be
reached.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator is mistaken in
relation to the evidence in the case. The debates
may possibly show the fact, that at the end of
his experiment he had no property. He became
involved by these very experiments, and judg-
ments were obtained against him in the courts of
Kentucky which have never been paid. That,
perhaps, is one of the reasons operating on the
minds of the Kentucky people against this claim;
because they say InVc arc judgments of the cred-
itors of the man, who never can get paid, and wc will
not give him anything, because he has got in debt
in iCentucky, and has not paid his debts." The
reason why he could not pay his debts was, be-
cause he expended his fortune in this experiment.
The Senator from North Carolina, if he will look
into the facts, will find that thatis true; that when
he entered into the experiment he was a solvent
man, with a large fortune; and before he got
through with it he was insolvent, and it grew out
of the very expense which he incurred in mak-
ing the experiment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman ex-
plain how he expended money in the experiment >
Mr. IVERSON. Buying hemp to rot it, for
the purpose of carrying this contract into effect.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman will ob-
serve that all he had to do was to teach the people
the practicability and safety of water-rotting their
own hemp.
Mr, IVERSON. So he did, by. rotting that
which he himself purchased, and putting that in
market.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That was to fulfill his
contract.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise to say, that I have
been a member of the Senate, I think, eleven
years, and have heard this subject debated moic
or less every year since I came here, and their
have been I do not know how many reports made
on it; and I ask Senators in all candor if tJicy
think anybody's opinion can be altered by longer
debate? That is all I have to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
to strike out " $44,400," and insert " $30,000."
