2650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
of these votes—whether for or against Blair or
Barret—could not be regarded as le^al evidence
at all, except sustained by other evidence than
the mere unauthorized notes of the census taker.
Not so with my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.] He has made his report mainly on the
basis that the census evidence as to the illegality
of ths 663 votes for Mr. Barret and the 73 votes
for Mr. Blair was legal and competent evidence
to prove illegal voting. Mr. Blair admits that
the number of illegal votes cast for him was 73;
and all that astonishes me is that the number was
not put down at 73, instead of at 55.
Mr. DAWES. We all took the statement of
the counsel of the sitting member to be corrcct;
but when we came to review it, we found that he
was mistaken as to 10 of these 73 illegal votes.
Instead of their being cast for Mr. Blair, they
were cast for Mr. Barret; and therefore, instead
of deducting 73 votes from Mr. Blair, we had only
to deduct 55 votes from him.
Mr. GILMER. The contestant has been in-
vestigating the matter for months before Congress
convened, and for months since Congress met,
and has a feeling and personal interest in it; and
if he came to the conclusion, on the evidence, that
the number of illegal votes cast for him was 73,
I do not know how my friend from Massachu-
setts could have come to the conclusion that the
number was only 55.
The majority deducts from the vote of the sit-
ting member 663 votes, as being illegal; their ille-
gality being made out by a census taken by the
friend, and, I suppose, the appointee, of the con-
testant.
Now, I call attention to the general terms in
which the majority of the committee dispose of
this matter of the 663 illegal votes. They say
that many of these votes arc shown to have been
illegal by the oath of the census taker, and by
the testimony of the voters themselves. But why
did they not tell the House hoio many of these 663
votes were thus shown to be illegal? If it had
struck them as important, they should, in fur-
nishing information to the House, have stated how
many of these 663 votes were shown to be illegal
by witnesses having knowledge of the fact. That
shotting, correctly made, would have put an end to
all this controversy. But because some of these
663 votes are shown to have been illegal, and to
have been counted for Mr. Barret, they come to
the conclusion that the whole 663 votes were ille-
gal, and were counted for Mr. Barret. The e\i-
dence as to their illegality only goes to some 21
or 30 of them; certainly not to half the remaining
majority; and yet they apply thatevidenec to the
whole.
Then agair, what right had this census tak^r,
in taking the enumeration of the city, to say any-
thing about the nativity, ago, birth, or length of
residence, of the citizens ? There was no law to
authorize any such thing. The gentlemen on the
other side have not pretended that there was any
such law. At least they have not been kind enough
to furnish us with it. They do show the author-
ity of the court to appoint a census taker, whose
duty it is to make a correct enumeration of the
inhabitants; and when he has done that, I con-
ceive he has discharged all the duty the law re-
quires of him—all that he could legally or author-
itatively do.
If, however, a witness had voluntarily gone
around the city—I care not whether according to
law or contrary to law—and taken the statements
as to these voters themselves, as to their length of
residence, as to their not being of age, or as to
their not being naturalized; and, this being done,
Mr. Blair had notified the sitting member that he
would take evidence as to the truth of these un-
authorized notes, or memoranda on the census list,
before a commissioner, that would have altered
the case considerably, especially if the census
taker, or other witness, had proved these notes
or memoranda were true. The proof shows ille-
gality extending to twenty-seven or thirty votes;
certainly not to the extent of half the remaining
majority. The statement of the census taker
proves nothing* any more than would a letter
from a respectable citizen, stating what he had
found out in his travels among the people, not
otherwise in the usual and established way proved
to be true.
Now, the majority have furnished us herewith
the law under which this census was taken; and
I will call the attention of the House to it:
An ordinance providing for taking the census of the city of
St. Louis.
Sec. 1. Be it ordained by the City Council of the city of St.
Louis, That the mayor shall appoint ten competent per-
sons, who shall act in conjunction with the city assessor?,
whose dutv it shall be to proceed immediately to take the
census of the city of St. Louis, in conformity with existing
ordinances.
Sec. 2. So much of ordinances Nos. 3,433 and 3,573 as
conflict with section one of this ordinance aie iiereby re-
pealed.
Approved August 13, 1858.
There is no ordinance authorizing any such cen-
sus—to the extent as is claimed by the contestant
was taken—to be taken. There is no law of Mis-
souri, I repeat, authorizing any such census as
that to be taken. If there is any such law, or any
such ordinance, it has not been shown to the com-
mittee ;and in accordance with all reasonable rules,
it devolves upon the majority of the committee to
show that there was such legal authority.
I take it for granted, then, that this census taker
had no more right, when he went round to take
this census, to attach to the names of the persons
upon his list any memoranda in relation to their
qualifications to vote, either as to residence, age,
nativity, naturalization, or anything else, than
any one else; and if he performed such a work
without the authority or sanction of law, I sub-
mit that it only amounts to the same thing as if
it had been done by anybody else, and is entitled
to no more consideration at our hands. Why,
in this case, Mr. Blair did not have the census
taker examined upon the whole list returned by
him. According to the evidence, he did not go
to the houses and examine the parties whose
names he put upon his list, but he inquired of
their neighbors, their wives, their children; and
he sets down on his list notes according to such
suggestionsas he could get from others, we know
not from whom. He then attaches (o their names
these thus obtained facts about age, naturaliza-
tion, and residence. Now, sir, as to the fact that
the sitting member had these witnesses within his
reach, and did not prove these notes or memo-
randa of the census taker to be true, there is no
legal affirmative proof upon the subject of these
notes. When my friend comes to conclude this
debate, as he will have atleast twenty-four hours
for preparation, then I want him to show the
House, by any witnesses who testify from actual
knowledge, that these 663 votes were illegal; if
not all, how many ? When he shall have done
that correctly and fairly, as he will, doubtless,
if he attempts it, wc will have important and ma-
terial lights bcfoie us.
I am ready to admit that when a census is taken
in conformity to law, and becomes a record or
gH<m-record, it may amount to something in the
shape of evidence for some purposes; but unless
it has been taken according to or by an authority
of law, and then, unless a certified transcript or
a sworn copy of it be produced, it cannot be re-
ceived as evidence in the case; just as the return
of a. sheriff on an execution, a iiat of a judge, or
any other judicial act that is required or author-
ized by law, cither State or Federal. Is that the
law? To ascertain that fact, all the House will
have to do will be to turn their attention to the
mode by which this proof is brought, here. They
will find that the number of these illegal voters,
footing up 663 is not proved by any admissible
evidence. You may take the Vallandigham case,
or any other case that has ever been adjudicated
in this House, as your standard of admitting
evidence, and you will never get these 663 votes
proved illegal, by many, many figures. We have
to arrive at that point, or the conclusion of the
majority report cannot be sustained. When wc
look at the testimony, according to my recollec-
tion of it, in one case a man is brought up before
the commissioner with a loose slip or piece of
paper; when asked about it, he answers that it is
a portion of the list of the census takers. " Did
you take it ?" " No." " Where did you get it ?"
" Why, I think I got it of Mr. Blair, or of some-
body else."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of this
House to read this evidence. You will not be put
to much trouble about it. If you will take the
minority report, it will dircct you to the evidence
upon these points; and when you have gone
through it, you will be able to judge for yourselves
the number of these 663 votes that are proved to
be illegal. If you reject every vote about which
there is an^ sort of evidence, you will still have
some three hundred or more remaining. I speak
in round numbers.
Now, this is the point in this whole case. It
will so appear to every lawyer,and to every mem-
ber of this body. It not only appeals to our sense
and to our judgment, according to the rules of law
arriving at truth, but to our consciences enlight-
ened, to do to others as we would that others
should do to us." In a matter of such import-
ance as this I will not permit myself to believe
that members will decide upon it from feeling and
party prejudice, or without giving the case its due
consideration in relation to the law applicable to
the case, and the facts proved according to reason-
able and established rules and usages.
As to this matter of qualifying the judges, I
respectfully call the attention of the House to the
authoritiesreferred to in tbereportofthe minority,
Mr.Blair,at the beginning, acted on these author-
ities. When he started, he seems to have been a
better lawyer than when he closed the ease. He
seems to have been aware, himself, that judges
in a court, or at an election, if they discharge the
duty assigned to them by the law, their judg-
ments are considered regular until the contrary is
shown. They are presumed to act under the
oath which the law requires they should take be-
fore they do anything. If a party undertakes to
traverse the legality of the judgment of the judge
of election on his return it devolves upon him
to show the alleged illegality. The contestant in
this case stated that he was going to take testi-
mony to show that these judges of the election
were not sworn, but he has failed to do so. It was
his duty to have furnished proof on that subject.
This he fails to do. And what does he then do ?
In their report the majority of the committee,
in substance, say for him: " Inasmuch as 1 gave
you notice that I was going to prove that fact,
and inasmuch as that is one of the grounds of my
contest, and you did not disprove it, therefore it
muse be taken as I have alleged it to be, although
I have taken no proof, as I said that I would.5'
How would it be with a court? Suppose you give
notice that you impeach its judgment, upon the
ground that the officer who adjudged or certified
to it was not sworn; when ttic trial comes on,
you have taken no proof on that point; can you
be heard and say that you gave notice, but have
taken no proof, yet inasmuch as the adversary
has not disproved the fact, it must betaken as
proved that the officer was not sworn ?
Throw out the three precincts refeircd to by our
friends ;admit their showing to be right ;and throw
out all improper and illegal votes proved, and there
are left hundreds for Barret's majority,and he is
proved to be entitled to his seat. There cannot be.
as I humbly submit, any difference of opinion
among the legal profession of the House on this
point, which is the material one in the case—1
mean as to the character of proof necessary to
make out these 600 votes illegal. These votes have
not been shown—I mean the much larger portion
of them—to be illegally any rules established in
any court; by any rule of practice to be found in
any book regulating the practice of any court,
State or Federal; or by any rule upon which any
legislative body has acted in similar cases. Under
the census decree, or ordinance, there was no
power to take anything but an enumeration of the
citizens. The census taker, under the ordinance,
had no authority to inquire m reference to the
qualification of the voters. He was not instructed
by this ordinance to do any such thing. I ask who
instructed him to do this '? In all fairness, I submit
that it is not insisting on too much to soy that the
memoranda which the census taker made as to the
qualification of voters were nothing more than if
made by anybody else. It would be carrying
hearsay a long way to give any effect and force
to them.
I believe that I have said all I "\Vant to. I have
no feeling on this subject. I differ politically with
the sitting member, also with the contestant. I
believe that 1 am, and have been, free from all
bias, personal or political. In conclusion, I ask
the Clerk to read the views of the minority in
reference to this point of the census.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The contestant admits in his brief (page 3) the receipt
