1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■mr
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I believe I made a mo-
tion to insert £,5,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there are
several motions of amendment, stipulating differ-
"ent sums, the largest sum is first in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator from
Kentucky is mistaken. He said if the friends of
the bill would strike it down to §5,000, he would
vote for it. He did not make any motion about it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Thegentlcman is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Even if the
motion were made, the large sum would be first
in order, and must be first put. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia.
The question was put; and the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer now to move to in-
sert $10,000, and take the yeas and nays on thai.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not le
in order to amend further in relation to the sum.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I cannot understand
how the proposition can be made at all, if the
question must be first taken on the larger sum,
and that be not susceptible of amendment now,
and an amendment afterwards cannot be offered
for a larger sum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Where there are
different propositions in reference to the amount,
the question first in order is on the largest sum
named; and if that be voted down, then the next
larger sum would be in order; but if the first, or
second, or any other proposition bo adopted, that
is final and conclusive, until the question shall
come before the Senate, when the bill is reported
to the Senate from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I will make the motion
there.
Mr. HAMLIN. We may get at this in an-
other way 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided then, no division being called for on agree-
ing to the amendment to insert $30,000.
"iVIr. HAMLIN. If the Chajr will pardon me
a moment before the question is decided affirm-
atively, 1 think the Chair is wrong, certainly. In
filling blanks, the question is first to be puton the
longest time and the largest sum; but ill striking
out and inserting it is different. If I make a mo-
tion to strike out and insert a larger sum, my
motion must be first put. The motion is to strike
out $44,000 and insert $.30,000. It is in oidcr to
amend that motion, before the question is put, by
striking "thirty" out of that amendment, and
inserting " ten." That is according to the rules
of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The statement
of the Senator from Maine is correct, and the
Chair does not apprehend it is in collision at all
with the decision already made. The proposition
to strike out $44,400 and insert §3,000, the Chair
docs not understand to have been made, or any
proposition but that of the- Senator from Georgia.
Mr. SLIDELL. I may not have stated it in
the proper form, and I confess, with great hu-
mility, my entire ignorance of the rules; and I
would have been pleased if the Chair had sug-
gested to me the proper mode of arriving at the
end I intended. I now move to strike outthe sum
named in the bill, and insert §5,030, if the Chan-
says it is in order now to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwili
treat the question as still before the Senate, al-
though a division was not asked foi, and the
vote was announced on agreeing to the amend-
ment. If the amendment be agreed to, it will not
be open to further amendment until the bill shall
be reported to the Senate. The question now
before the Senate is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now desire, m some form
or other, to make a substantive motion that the
bum allowed to Mr. Myerle be $5,000, and I am
not particular about the mode of reaching it.
[" Say ten."] I will put it at $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question as it is now. The Senator from
Georgia moves lo strike out $44,400, and insert m
place thereof $30,000. The Senator from Louisi-
ana moves an amendment to that amendment, by j
striking out " f,30,000" and inserting "§10,000/'
The question, then, is on the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. 1VERSON. I think I can place it in a dif-
ferent position, to reach every object. The ques-
tion is divisible, I think,first on striking out 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not divisi-
ble. A motion to strike outand insert is an entire
question, and not divisible. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana Jo
the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr, CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays;
and they wcreordercd;andbeingtaken, resulted—
yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bingham, Rrag!*,
Clnig:nan,Crittend*9>, Hamlin, Hunter, Kin,Lane, Nich-
olson, Powell, ltice, Siidell, anil Wigl'all—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, CoMamei, Dixon, Durkee, Fcssenden, Foot, Gwin,
Hale, Ilarlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Polk, Simmons, Ten
Eyek, Wad3, Wilson, and Yuice—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, which is to reduce the sum to .$30,000.
"Mr. 1VERSON. I presume there will be no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
was read the third time; and on the question,
"Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FOOT. I have paired off on this question
with the absent Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Clay.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglor, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Colimner, Dixon, Douglas, Durkee, Fea-
senden, Fitch, Gvvin, Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson,
Folk, Simmons, Ten Eyck, Thomson, Wade, Wilson, and
Yulec—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bingham, Brags,
Clingman, Crittenden, Hamlin, Hammond, Hunter, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Povveii,
Slidell, and Wigfali—17.
So the bill was passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAT.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was "
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
MESSAGE frKOM TUE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Ilouse had passed the following bill and joint
resolution; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (No. 513) for the relief of Hockaday &
Liggit; and
A joint resolution (No. 34) for the relief of
John T. Robertson, of Virginia.
JOHN PEEBLES.
The bill (S. No. 125) from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of John Peebles, was announced to
be next in order.
Mr. POLK. At the request of a gentleman,
who is interested on behalf of the claimant, I move
that the hill be postponed until Friday next'
The motion was agreed to.
JOIIN ERICSSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 132) for the relief of John Ericsson.
Mr. HALE. That bill was postponed last Fri-
day at ray request, because I thought, from the
reading of the report, as far as it went, that it ought
not to pass. I have since examined the papers
prctiy thoroughly, and I am rather strengthened in
my conviction that it ought not to pass;and I will
slate very briefly in a few minutes the reasons,
and then the Senate may do as they please with it.
This gentleman was engaged by Commodore
Stockton, without any pretense of authority .or in-
stiuction from the Navy Department, to do cer-
tain things; and subsequently he presented a claim ;
to theNavy Deparlmentforaboutfiftecn thousand 1
dollars for making certain drawings. It was sent
to the Secretary of the Navy, and by him referred
to Commodore Stockton, and Commodore Stock-
ton reported that he was surprised at it; he could
not approve of it, and thereupon it was rejected j
by the Secretary of the Navy. Subsequently the j
same man came to Congress, presented this claim
again, and at that time It was referred to the Com- i
mittce on Naval Affairs, of which the honorable :
Senator from Florida, who now with such dis-
tinction and ability presides over the Committee
on the,Post Office and Post Roads, (Mr. Yulee,]
was then the head. He investigated the matter,
and he made a report against it, and now it has
come up again, and has, by some means or other,
been got through the Court of Claims. .1 "think
the bill ought not to pass; but I have nopai'ticu-
lar interest in it. I know the Treasury is open,
and people go in with pretty liberal hands, mid
help themselves, and that perseverance arid pa-
tience in besieging the Treasury pretty generally
succeed; and, some way or other, they find out a
vvay of getting in, and I suppose that, after fifteen
years, Mr. Ericsson will get in, and get out those
$15,000 though at the time he pretended that the
services were rendered the man who employed
him said he was entitled to nothing. The Secre-
tary of the Navy so decided, Congress so decided,
and now, after fifteen years,he has come back, and
I'suppose will have his bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from New
Hampshire neglected to state what I think forms
the chief objection to this claim of Mr. Ericsson.
It has been before the Naval Committee since X
have been a member of the Senate; but it now
comes from the Court of Claims. Mr.JEricsson
claimed to be the inventor of a certain style of
propeller. He was extremely anxious to have
the opportunity of building a vessel on his own
plan and superintending the drawings and work
generally. He expressly declared that he ex-
pected no compensation whatever. That was the
"understanding upon which he was permitted to
make his drawings and superintend this work,
and now he appears before Congress to claim tho
sum of $15,000, though he was at the time per-
fectly satisfied to have an opportunity of testing
tho merits of his own invention at the expense of
the Government. That is the real truth of the
case in a very few words.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not very familiar with
this case. It was once investigated by tho Com-
mittee on Claims, and, I think, reported on favor-
ably by the Senator from Florida, now absent,
[Mr. Maj-lory.] I think he takes some interest
in the case, and as he is absent, I move to pass
it over, if there be no objection. •
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to that-.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that will be done; but
I beg to make one suggestion as to this idea of
working for no pay. He agreed that he would
charge nothing for his patent, but 1 do not think
he intended to do all this work for nothing.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
NAIIUM WARD. .
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 137) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Nahum Ward.
Mr. IVERSON. At the last sitting on the Pri-
vate Calendar the Senator from Ohio, who is not
present to-day, [Mr. Pugh,] said this man was
one of his constituents, and he desired to bo pres-
ent when the case was considered. 1 move to
pass it over.
The motion was agreed to.
ERNEST FIEDLER.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 138) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Ernest Fiedler.
Mr. HUNTER. That is one of the cases that
the Senator from Ohio had laid over last week in
order that he might examine them. 1 hope it will
be laid over until next Friday.
Mr. SLIDELL. And all similar eases. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will agree that these cases
shall lie over until next Friday; but I hope there
will be no further delay.
Mr. SLIDELL. If they go over as unfinished
business, they will then come up, of course. I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is to postpone the consideration of this
bill. *
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought that was done by
common consent.
Mr. HUNTER. We can go into executive
session, and then it will go over to next Friday.
["Agreed."]
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. I renew the motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
