1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
gentleman from Ohio, I will go on with what I
have to say.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the gentleman from
Ohio yielding the floor, unless he does so without
condition.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio insist upon his motion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do.
Mr. ASHMORE. 1 insistuponmy amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers the
amendment of the gentleman out of order.
The question now being on the motion that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, Mr. ROBINSON,
of Illinois, and others, called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn over was then agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, of
Pennsylvania, (atfifteen minutes past four o'clock,
p. m..) the House adjourned until Thursday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 7, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Guhley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair) laid before the Senate a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting a copy of a letter of the 22dof April
last, from the charge d'affaires ad interim of the
United States in China, and of the regulations for
consular courts winch accompanied it, for such
revision thereof as Congress may deem expe-
dient, pursuant to the sixth section of the act
approved the 11th of August, 1848; which, on
motion of Mr. Mason, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a map of
the Indian territories within the United States,
ordered by the Thirty-Fourth Congress, with the
report of the Commissioner of Indjan Affairs,
accompanying the same; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, m answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 3d of March, 1859, trans-
mitting the report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs in relation to the depredations committed
by Indians upon citizens of Butte county, Cal-
ifornia, in the year 1852; which was ordered to
lie on the tabic.
VETO MESSAGE MOUTII OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
On the last day of the last session of Congress,
a resolution, which had passed both Houses, " in
relation to the removal of obstructions, to naviga-
tion in the mouth of the Mississippi river," was
presented to me for approval. I have retained this
resolution, because it was presented tome ata pe-
riod when it was impossible to give the subject
that examination to which it appeared to be enti-
tled. I need not repeat the views on this point,
presented in the introductory portion of my mes-
sage to the Senate, of the 2d instant.
In addition, I would merely observe, that, al-
though at different periods sums amounting in the
aggregateto $690,000, have been appropriated by
Congress for the purpose of removing the bar and
obstructions at the mouth of the Mississippi, yet
it is now acknowledged that this money has been
expended with but little if any practical benefit to
its navigation. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington:, 6th February, 1860.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the message was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented papers in relation to
the claim of Mary T. Guthrie, widow of the late
Captain Presley N. Guthrie, of the Army, to a
pension; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Drayton
LaVenture, praying- that patents may be granted
for reservations to half-breeds of the JKansas tribe
of Indians under the sixth article of the treaty of
1825; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented sixty-one petitions
of merchants and others, of Philadelphia, praying
a reconsideration of the location of the new post
office, and recommending the Pennsylvania Bank
building and lot, on Second and Dock streets, as
the most convenient location; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post^Officc and Post
Roads.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented a memorial of
citizens of Refugio county, Texas, praying that
the office of surveyor of customs at Copano may
be transferred to St. Marys, in Refugio county,
Texas; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of lilood, Bond & Piatt,
praying that the Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
required to issue registers to the schooners llelcn Blood
and Sarah Bond, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Commerce
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Jeffrey T Adams, late
cletk of the United States conn for the Territory of Min-
nesota, praying to be allowed the compensation contem-
plated by the act of 26th Februaiy, 18G3, on the files ot the
Senate, he relerred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Burnett W. Dole, son and
heir-at-law of Enoch Dole, a surgeon in the revolutionary
war, piaying commutation pay, on the files of the Hcnute,
be relerred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the memoiial of Lieutenant T. N. Patter-
son, of the Navy, piayin;* to be allowed tiie pay due him by
law tot services as an officer of the astronomical expedi-
tion to Chili, on the file* of the Senate, be ictened to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. W. Bowman, an offi-
cer ol the Anny, praying compensation lor performing duties
of an extraoidmary chaiacter, and out of the line of his
duty, on the files ot the Senate, be leierred to the Commit-
tee on Mihtaiy Allans and Militia.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of C. L. Wen and other
public employes, praying that the benefits of the acts passed
August 31st, 1832, and April 2'2d, J854, giving an addition
of twenty per eent. to ceitain limited salaries, maybe ex-
tended, on the files ot the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 133) to
release the payment for the town site of the city of
Francisco; which was read twice by its title, and
referred, with the accompanying papers, to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. ])
making appropriations to defray the deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859, and in part for the support of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June 30,
1860, have instructed me to report it with amend-
ments. When the morning hour is over, 1 give
notice that 1 shall ask the Senate to consider the
bill.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ann H. Allen, widow of Samuel Allen, an officer
of the militia of New York, m the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Smith, praying
to be allowed a pension on account of an injury
received while a soldier in the Army, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S.No. 134) for the
relief of James Smith. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed m addition to the usual
number, for the ut«e of the War Depaitment, two hundred
and lifty copies of the annual report of the Secretary of
War, for 1859, with the accompanying papers, I to IX, in-
clusive, and two hundred copies of tlfe President's mes-
sage and documezits, complete.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of State communicating a statement of
the fees received by the consular officers of the ~
United States for the year 1858, the tariff of con-
sular fees, and a list of all consular officers on
the 31st of December, 1859, with other papers,
reported in favor of printing the same; ana the
report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to "whom
was referred the motion to print the message of
the President of the United States, communica-
ting the correspondence of Lieutenant General
Scott in reference to the Island of San Juan, and
of Brigadier General Harney, in command of the
department of Oregon, reported in favor of print-
ing the same; and the report was agreed to.
BILLS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill reported by the Court
of Claims for the relief of Cornelius Boyle, ad- %
ministrator of John Boyle, deceased, with the
opinion of the. court in favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 135) for the relief of Cornelius
Boyle, administrator of John BoyJe, deceased,
without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to "whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 136) for the relief of
Thomas Fillebrown, without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also,from the same committee, to whom was
roforred a bill reported from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Nahum Ward, with the opinion of
the court in favor of the claim, reported the bill
(S. No. 137) for the reliefof Nahum Ward, with-
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims for the relief of Ernest Fiedler, with the
•opinion of the court m favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No, 138) for the relief of Ernest Fied-
ler, without amendment. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims for the relief of H. and F. W. Meyer, with
the opinion of the court on the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 139) for the relief of H. and F. W.
Meyer, without amendment. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of James Beatty's personal repre-
sentative, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 140) with-
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported by the Court of Claims
for the relief of Egleston &. Battcll, merchants of
the city of New York, with the opinion of the
court in favor of the claim, reported the bill (S*
No. 141) without amendment. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. IVERSON. I barely wish to. present to
the Senate a word of explanation in respect to
these bills. They are bills which were reported
by the Court of Claims in favor of the claimants.
All the reports made by the Court of Claims to
the Senate, both those favorable and those ad-
verse to the claims, have been referred to the
Committee on Claims. That committee, afler
consultation, have come to the conclusion to re-
port all the cases back to the Senate; the bills in
favor of the claims to be put on the Calendar and
to be taken up and considered by the Senate at
the proper time,anchthc adverse reports to goon
the Calendar also, to be considered and decided
by the Senate. The committee have not investi-
gated any of these eases. They have expressed
no opinion as to whether the bills ought to pass
or not, or whether the adverse reports ought to
stand or not. The principles of these reports
from tho Court of Claims are all elaborately dis-
cussed m the decisions. The principles involved
are spread on the record, and of course each Sen-
ator can decide them for himself. The committee,
however, thought it unnecessary to express any
opinion on any of these cases, and the present
