1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2651
of ^cventy-thrce illegal votes; but o.s the undersigned have
not been" able to lind any evid.-noe of po Jarge a number,
except by residing the votes ot all persons lound Oil the
poll books, and not on the census list, as illegal, they have
not thought proper to deduct them. They may be known to
the contestant to be illegal, but they have not been proved
so by any legal evidence. Geneiaily the admission of a
party ^ received as pioof, but it would not be proper to do
so ju this iribtanee.
"The underpinned have already shown that a compari-
son of the poll-books with the census lists furnishes no re-
liable evidence to piove that the votes of per.sons who e
names ate found on the one are illegal, because they are
not found on the other. Hundred* of men who voted at the
election in particular waid.s, and whose names are conse-
quently on the poll-books, may have removed ltorn tho^e
wards in the two or three months winch intervened be-
tween the election and the time the census wa-> taken;
and besidej as already stated, the residents of one waid
may legally vote in another, under the laws of Missouri.
" So Mr the utter unreliability ofthe census ausing out of
the manner in which it was taken, has not been lelerred
to. The manner in which this cenr-us wa.i taken, as well
as the giouudsof ltd incompetency, have been accurately
and conclusively stated by Mr. Barret's counsel in the
argument presented by them to the committee. It is as
follows ;
' It will be observed that the contestant relies upon cer-
tain census lists and memoranda to reject over six hundred
votes claiming that Mich census was taken by the authoi-
ity ofthe municipal government of the city ;omc time after
the election. Nooflect ought to bo given to these IMs,
except m such ca^es as the per sons who-^e names they con-
tain were pi oved by othei evidence than Die h->ts them-
selves to have voted illegally. To admit t!ie-=e lists as
evidence ot the illegality ofthe votes of I he persons whose
names were inserted m them, because these names were
not found in the waids from which they puiportc a to have
come, or because they weie returned as unnaturalized,
non-residents, or minois, by the persons who made the
census, would be to overturn all the rules ot evidence, and
to establish a precedent not only novel, but clangorous in
the highest degree to the seeuuty of tlie title by which
eveiy member of Congress holds his seat. No such evi-
dence, affecting masses of vott-s, has evei been icceivod.
" ; By wiiat right did the municipal census takers of St.
Louis undertake to pass upon the qualifications of the voters
of that city? Fiom whence was the powei derived that
gave them a right to itiqiaie and determine who were and
who were not citizens, who weie and who were not voters?
With « hat functions were they ciothed that enabled them
to decide intelligently and correctly on ihc questions of na-
tivity, losidence, and age, necessary in determining the
qualifications of the voters? To make letums admissible
as evidence, Mich as could be relied on, it would be neces-
sary to have the power or summoning and examining wit-
nesses. Had they such powei? Jt is not pietended they
had. But thiis would not be enough. The right of suffrage
is a valuable privilege, both to the voter and the Represent-
ative, who, by mean-, of it, becomes invested with an office.
Will it be pretended that the office of -the Representative,
in which lie has a pioperty from the moment it i* conferred
upon him, as well as the privilege of the constituent, can
be taken away or annulled by an ctparte proceeding, eon-
dueled by a census taker, deriving his authority neither
from a State nor from the United States, but from a muni-
cipal coiporation? Can either the puvilege of the one or
the office of the othei betaken away by sueh a pioeeedmg?
"' The census taker ha< no power to summon witne.-ses
to administer oaths or to bung the party who-o qualifica-
tions are to bo questioned betbie him He has 110 power
to intenogate eithci the party or the witnesses. Any in-
formation he may acquire must necessarily be voluntary
on their part, verified by no moial or penal sanction.
"'Agrhnce at the manner in which the iniorinatuin which
it is proposed to make e\ idencc in the ease bclorc the com-
mittee was acquired, will .serve to exhibit the absurdity of
relying on the testimony derived from these Juts.
•''The cen u-i takers of whose enumeration these lists
are extracts, did not make the enumeration and examina-
tion of the population themselves. Each of them, a ap-
pears ftom the testimony, had assistants who aided them.
These assistants were sometimes piesent, aiding then pnn-
cipals in their labor; at other times peifoimmg it alone,
and neither principals nor assistant^ considcicd it neces-
sary to see and examine the parties themselves, nor in all
eases even to go to their houses or places of residence. If
they found the party they interrogated h.m; it not, his
wife, or daughtei, u if old enough," in t elation to his birth-
place, his age, his residence, and whethej tie was natural-
ized or not. And upon this testimony it is pioposed to
show that persons whose qualifications weie one by one
asccitained and passed upon, on oath or otherwise, hy the
sworn officers of the law, appointed and clothed with power
for that purpose by competent authoutj, were not legally
entitled to the -ufirage, the right ot winch was accorded to
them by officeis whose duty it was to satisfy themselves
of such right before granting it. Js it possible that the right
of suffrage, and the interest of a member of Congiess jruhe
office deiivecJ tbiough such suffrage, are fo trivial and un-
important as to be oveithiown and defeated by lieaisay so
1 emote and so utterly inconclusive ?
- 1 What evidence is it that the vote of a person found
upon the poll books is illegal because it i- not found upon
a census thu  taken, or ever so carefully taken? Men,
especially laboring men, without a fixed habitation, who
are the residents ol'one ward or piccmct to-day maj bo the
residents ofauotbei ward, or have entirely removed, b\ io-
moirow. Besides this, by the laws ot Missouri, in force in
the city and courm of'St. Louis, the citizens of one waid
niav vote for members of Congress or State officers in
another.
" -'Again, what evidence is there that the votes of persons
on the poll-book^ are illegal, because the names ot persons
corresponding- with them arc found set down in the census
as belonging to unnaturalized, non-residents, or peisons
who are minors ? It has been shown how the place ot na-
tivity, residence, and age were sought for by the census
takers. Inquiries, sometimes addressed to the person bear-
ing the corresponding name, sometimes to the wife, daugh-
ter, servant, or neighbor, were the ir ;ans that were em-
ployed. Of what value is testimony thus acquired ? Hut
even admitting tiie information obtained in this manner
was carefully sought, and accurately given by those whose
knowledge, m many instancies, was necessarily uncertain
and unieliablc, what eeitainty, even to ordinary intent,
does it possess? In a large city, and amongst the Irish
population particularly, how many persons are found bear-
ing the same names? 13y a reference to the Directory it
will be found that there arc persons by the half score and
score bearing tiie names found upon the poll-books. It
would be, therefore, idle to rely upon such testimony.
' To make it evidence, not only mustthe identity of the
voters on the poll-books with peisons bearing the same
names on the census lists be established by independent
testimony, buCJikewise the fact that the voter was unnat-
uralized, non-resident, or a minor, as the case may be. It
will be seen, therefore, that the illegality of the vote must
be proved by competent testimony, and that the census or
other hst^ can be used at be.-t but as a help to the memory
ofthe witness called on to establish any particular fact.'
(i No other evidence having been produced by the con-
testant to prove that the persons whose names were regis-
tered by the clerks on the poll-books voted illegally, except
that no'corresponding names weie found upon the census,
the undersigned have conccived it to lie theirduty to reject
the evidence; for ceitainly no one will pretend to say that
because the census takers did not find and icturn the names
ofthe persons on the poll-books, such persons did not vote.
Who can tell how many removed from one ward to another,
or from the eit) altogether, between the day ofthe election
and the time the census was taken? Doubtless fuch re-
movals take place every day. For these icasons the under-
signed have not felt themselves authorized to throw out the
seventv-three votes which the contestant admits to have
been illegally cast for him. To have done so, they must
have given weight to testimony which proves nothing, and
which is t:ot admissible even by the lelaxed construction
given bv the committee to the rules of evidence."
Mr. BUFFINTON. There are less than fifty
members present; ami I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the vote is taken
upon that motion, I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill in reference to the public build-
ings in Philadelphia was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was entered.
Mr. JOINES. X move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall call the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn. 1 desire to say
that there are three appropriation bills which are
yet to bo passed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. Debate is out of
order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JONES. I will for a moment.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 ask the unani-
mous consentjof the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
licsolenl, Tliattlie Clerk ofthe House cause to bo hound
fuel) ol the public documents tunnelled eutrently to the
members of the House, .13 any luemiMr may tiom tunc to
time dnectj the expense ol ^aitl binding to be paid out of
the contingent land : ProriVei/, however, That notless than
two bandied page> MiaK he hound in any oae volume.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. JONES. 1 now insist upon my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House take
a recess until seven o'clock this evening. I sim-
ply discharge my duty 111 saying that there will
be 110 opportunity to consider appropriation bills
until next Wednesday week, unless this matter
matter is disposed of immediately.
The question was taken 011 the motion to ad-
journ; and the Chair decided that it was carried.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
decided that the House has agreed to adjourn.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and forty min-
utes, p. m.) tiie House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June G, 1860.
Piayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gukley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Ham-
lin to fill the vacancy in the committee of con-
feience on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further ap-
propriations for the service ot the 1 ost "Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 3uth
of June, i860, in the place of Mr. Cameron, who
was excused.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of War, communica-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 20th March last, a copy of the statistical
report on the sickness and mortality of the Army
of the United States, embracing the period of five
years from 1855 to I860, in continuation of the
report of the Surgeon General communicated to
the Senate in 1856; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed the usual number, and
also fifteen hundred extra copies of the repoitof the Secre-
tary of War, communicating a copy of tiie statistical im-
port of the mortality and sickness in the United States
Arinv; which extra copies shall be for the use of the medi-
cal department of the Army.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I introduced a resolution yes-
terday morning, setting aside Saturday of this
week for the consideration of business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which was objected to by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green.] I now
ask for the present consideration of that resolu-
tion.
Mr. KING. I desire to present a memorial.
Mr. BRIGHT. I also have a memorial that I
wish to present, and I believe that is the first
business in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Mississippi moves to take up the resolution to set
apart Saturday, the 9th of June, for the consid-
eration of business relating to the District of
Columbia; and his motion is in order.
Mr. BROWN. Of course I will not press it
if it should lead to debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that resolution now
before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Mississippi moves to take up that resolution.
The Chair was about to put the question on the
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
taking it up, but I shall oppose the resolution
when it is taken up.
Mr. BRIGHT. The resolution will lead to de-
bate. I hope the Senator from Mississippi will
not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT Does the Senator
from Mississippi withdraw his motion ?
Mr. BROWN. Well, I will do so temporarily,
but I give notice that to-morrow I shall ask to
have it considered.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Georgetown, District of Columbia, praying a
speedy appropriation for the completion of the
Washington aqueduct; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. B1GLER presented the memorial of a com-
mittee ofthe Board of Trade of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, praying the early passage of the tariff bill
now before the Senate; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. LATHAM. Some weeks ago, I presented
a very extensively signed petition from the lead-
ing merchants of New York, asking for the estab-
lishment of a daily overland mail. I hare now
another very extensively signed petition of about
fifty of the leading firms of the city of Philadel-
phia, and some six hundred of the city of Boston,
praying for the same thing. 1 merely ask the
Secretary to read the memorial, as it is very brief;
and as the subject is before the Senate, I am will-
ing that it should lie on the table.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and the House of Reprcscnla-
lives of the United States:
The petition ofthe undersigned, meichanls and business
men ofthe citvof Philadelphia, respectfully icpie£ < M3 that
the interests, of vour petitioners and of this community de-
mand that a daily oveiland mail to California shall be estab-
lished.
Whcicfore, we pray, &.c.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of a
committee of the Board of Trade of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, praying the passage of the tariff
bill now before the Senate; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING presented a resolution of the board
of supervisors of the county of Now Yoik, in the
State of New York, in favor of an appropriation
for the improvement of the navigation ofthe Har-
