266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 26,
36th Gong.:..1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
and he asks if the Republicans have attempted to
carry it out in either branch of Congress in the
last four years. I am not aware, Mr. Chairman,
that any Territory has been organized by Con-
gress in the last four years; consequently there
has been no occasion for the introduction of any
proviso upon that subject; but, sir, the gentle-
man's declaration, that the question was an ab-
straction and not likely to arise, was answered at
the time, considerably to his discomfiture, by one
of his own political friends, Mr. Underwood, of
Georgia, who showed him how the question was
likely to arise at this very session, in abill to or-
ganize Arizona and other Territories. But, sir,
were it true that every inch of territory now be-
longing to the United States had been provided
•with immutablejaws forever prohibiting slavery,
the mission of the Republican party would not
cease, nor will it cease, until there is no more for-
eign territory to be acquired by this Government.
It requires no extraordinary foresight to predict
that, sooner or later, all of Mexico and Central
America, to the Isthmus of Panama, will be over-
run and annexed to these United States. Sir, such
annexation is as certain as the march of time, and
cannot be prevented unless you radically change
the character of our people.
The disposition of our people, if not absolutely
aggressive, is to enlarge our possessions and ox-
tend our borders, and the Republican party will
have all it can attend to hereafter in fixing the
terms of annexation of foreign territory. They
will consent to no extension of territory, unless
the system of slavery shall be forever prohibited
therein. My colleague, Mr. Chairman, is a law-
abiding man, and, if we are to believe his pro-
testations, a great lover of tlie.Constitrition. He
is distressed beyond measure at the idea of any
one at the North being opposed to the fugitive
slave law; yet, will it be believed that this Con-
stitution and law-abiding man declared here, in
his place, that if he lived in a southern Territory
be would laugh to scorn all laws of Congress pro-
hibiting slavery there? He went further, and as
far as any northern man was ever known to go,
and declared that if he lived in a southern Terri-
tory, among southern men, he would own slaves
himself, and that he should consider it right for
him to do so. He says that ho ik would take those
servants and expend upon them his energies and
intellect to train and protect them." Now, what
my colleague meant by saying that he would ex-
pend his " energies and intellect" m training those
sable children, is left in a little doubt. We know
that the laws of the slave States do not permit
him to educate his slave, consequently he could
not mean that he was going to expend his intel-
lect in their education.
Necessarily, then, the training he speaks of
must mean that which would extort the largest
amount of labor in the shortest possible space of
time; and should Sambo slightly ilag under this
intellectual training of my colleague, then, 1 sup-
pose, he proposes to expend his " energies" to
quicken his sluggish motions, and enliven his
lazy, indolent limbs, and thus would he do his
duty before God to'those placed under his care
and guidance." For all these blessings showcied
upon him by my colleague ought not the poor
chattel to be duly thankful > What less return
can he make, for having been charitably taken
from a wild, idle, savage people in Africa, and
generously provided with plenty of reputable hard
work, in a genteel, polished, tender, and Christian
country ?
I am glad that my colleague defined his position
in regard to the rights of slaveholders in the Ter-
ritories. He concedes that they have the righ't
to go there with their slaves, and that neither Con-
gress nor the people of a Territory have the right
to exclude them so long as they remain a Terri-
tory. This doctrine, so unlike that which I have
heard avowed by Democratic stump orators in
Wisconsin other than him, and advocated by the
Democratic press of that State, may strike some
with surprise; but I am not of that number. He
knows that the position assumed in his speech on
this question, namely, that the southern man has
the right to go into the Territories and take his
slave, and hold him there in the absence of law, and
in defiance of the will of the people,is not the posi-
tion of the Democratic party of Wisconsin; and
his making the concession he does in this regard,
should convince every reasonable mind that there
is no exaction which southern men choose to
make, that he will not at all times be ready to con-
cede. If southern men have th^right, as my col-
league admits they have, under the Constitution,
to take their slaves to a Territory, I ask if they
have not the right to have them protected there;
and if the Territorial Legislature fails to protect
them, are they not entitled to a law of Congress
to protect them ?
Mr. Chairman, I have already said that the
Democraticparty of Wisconsin claimed tobeniore
sound on the question of the non-extension of sla-
very than the Republican, and lhat for that reason
they obtained a large number of German votes. In
proof of it, I have already read several Democratic
resolutions. But those resolutions were passed
several years ago, and it may be alleged that they
do not now represent the real sentiment of the
Democracy of that State. In proof that they do,
I beg leave to read some authorities. The Dem-
ocratic party of Wisconsin placed in nomination,
last fall, as their candidate for Governor, and ex-
ponent of their principles, Hon. Harrison C. Ho-
bart. Mr. Hobart canvassed a considerable por-
tion of the State, and addressed the people. He
met his opponent, Governor Randall, and they
discussed, on many occasions, the principles of
their respective parties. At one of these discus-
sions, a political friend of Mr. Hobart, the editor
of the Milwaukee News, sent out a stenographer
and had the speeches of both parties reported
verbatim, and printed them in his paper. I have
the paper here. Governor Randall charged the
Democratic party with inconsistency and being
untrue to the principles which they had before
inculcated, which principles were such as were
embodied in tiie resolutions I have heretofore
road. Mr. Hobart indignantly repelled the im-
putation. He stated that the Democratic party
was then as much opposed to slavery as in 1849,
when they passed those resolutions, and the only
reason why they did not reiterate those doctrines
was because they had discovered a new principle
by which slavery could be more effectually ex-
cluded from the Territories than by the Wilmot
proviso, and that new principle was " squatter
sovereignty." But I will let Mr. Hobart speak
for himself. He said:
" In 1S49, the Demoeiutie party, as my fuend states, did
pass resolutions of the kind he read, which we regarded as
enunciating principles that ought to be earned out. There
are many ot you present, gentlemen, who were members*
of the Democratic party in 1849, and f will ask you, if, on
this subject of slavery, we have retrograded—if we have
proved false in any degree to the views we then entertained ?
And I ask your candid attention, as thinking men; I speak
not for applause, hut I address myself to you earnestly, de-
siring to recommend what I say to your minds and con-
sciences. ^
" In 1819 wc deelarcd that, in the organization ofaTem-
torv, the Wilmot proviso, ay it was then called, or a proviso
prohibiting slaveiy, should be attached to the organic act.
It was the belief oYall parties in this countiy that the power
of legislation on the subject of slavery in the Territories was
vested in Congicss. Every one thought it a proper tribu-
nal to deietmine as to the introduction or prohibition of
slaveiy. Both panics at that time thought the power was
vested in Congress. I appeal to you if your own memory
does not confirm what I say, that that was the principle on
which we acted, and that, behoving in that principle, wo
were then in favor of prohibition. That was the voice of
the Democracy in 1849. We declared that if Congress was
to determine the question of slavery in the Territories, we
were in favor of its prohibiting it by the passage of the
Wilmot proviso.
" Gentlemen, since then a considerable time has clapped,
and how'do we stand now? You will follow mo while I
biioflv allude to out present position on this question, and
then 1 will attempt to demonstrate that wc have not changed
our views, but arc now cts radically, and more practically,
anti-slavery than cicr before. - Two thirds of the argument
of my friend is just as applicable to one party as to the other.
Wo entertain no new doctrine or sentiment, but the same
principle that wo have always entertained. In the picsent
campaign we have declared certain principles in conven-
tion, and that declaration, we think, is entitled to respect,
unless w4eti ample upon the principles there announced, by
declaring one thing and acting another. Where do we
stand? We have leeently adopted a principle which was
not in existence, or, at least, was not entertained to any
great extent m X'849—that instead of having Congiess pass
upon this question, we will turn it ovei to the exclusive
control of the inhabitants of the Territories themselves.
Instead of allowing the two or three hundred men who meet
at Washington and make laws for the country, to manage
the affairs of a distant Territory, we will leave that power
in the hands of the actual settlers of the Territory.
s( That is the view, and that is the position of the Dem-
ocratic paity at the piesent moment. [Applause.] For-
merly, when the power was supposed to reside in Congress,
and we had to act upon it, we came square to the mark
and instructed our members of Congress to vote for prohi-
bition. Now we are in favor of lemoving the question en-
tirely from the Halls of Congress, and of leaving it to the
people themselves. [Applause, and cries of < Good!'
'Good!'] Gentlemen, have we changed or become more
pro-slavery by removing this vexatious question from the *
Halls of Congress and placing it in the hands of the people?
That is the simple question to which f a*k your earnest at-
tention . Have we changed our anti-slavery notions or views
by advocating the policy of leaving this power with the set-
tlers of the Teiritories themselves, instead of the politicians
at Washington ? Is liberty not as safe in the hands of the
people who settle the Teuitory,and are more lntei ested in
its welfaie than ail ihe icstof the world, as in the hands of
the Federal Legislatuie at Washington?"
I presume my colleague will not dispute that
Mr. Hobart was good authority, and that his
views of the present position of the Democratic
party of Wisconsin are correct. He was sup-
ported by the united Democracy of the State, my
colleague included, who stumped the State for
him, and the Democracy in voting for him thought
that they were voting for a staunch anti-slavery
man. Mr. Hobart excused himself and party for
havingabandoned the resolutions of 1849, by dodg-
ing behind " squatter sovereignty." But, thank
God, that dodge cannot avail them much longer.
Squatter sovereignty is about played out. It is no
doubt true, as Mr. Hobart said, that the Democrats
of Wisconsin believed that this newly-discovered
squatter-sovereignty doctrine was going to do more
for the cause of freedom than the Wilmot pro-
viso. But all the signs from Charleston, up to the
moment I now speak, indicate that, whoever may
be nominated there, squatter sovereignty is to be
repudiated. As that has been the entire stock in
trade of the northern Democracy, I am a little cu-
rious to see what will be the next expedient they
will resort to, to let themselves down easy and
again humbug the people.
That the people will follow longer after that
'ignis fatuus is hardly possible to believe. At the
late Democratic interpretation of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, as given m the President's message,
some of the most independent democrats of Wis-
consin revolt. The honorable Charles D. Rob-
inson>of Green Bay, a leading ntember of the
Democratic party, formerly Secretary of State, a
gentleman of good standing in his party, in a late
number of the Green Bay Advocate, of which he
is editor, uses the following language:
"We cannot rest satisfied with keeping a silence, which
might be construed into consent, with the monstrous doc-
trine that slavery is legal, and exists throughout all the
land, cxecpt whoie it has actually been prohibited by con-
gressional or State legislation. That is the natural sequence
of the President's position in asserting that 'the right has
been established (by the Supreme Court) of every citizen
to take his property of every kind, including slaves, into
the common Territories, belonging equally to all the States
of the Confederacy, and to have it protected there under
the Ferlcial Constitution.' This is a perversion, in facta
violation, of the doctnne of popular sovereignty, through
which President Buchanan got the vote of the Democracy
in these northern States; and we shall no more uphold him
in secession fiom it than we would the humblest man in
the partv. Every Democrat is willing that, in populating
a new Temtory, prior to the settling of its domestic ques-
tions, slavery men, even slaveholder, shall have an equal
right with all to go there and acquire the light to vote ; but
it is too monstrous a proposition to be entertained for a mo-
ment that the very institution, which is to be the cause of
all the struggle, may, before its light upon the disputed soil
is passed upon, be admitted and set up in practical opera-
tion."
Mr. Robinson, who uses the above language,
was a prominent Democratic candidate for the
nomination for Governor at the late election. He
has more ability and honesty than the average of
Wisconsin Democratic politicians. But my col-
league does not dare to indorse the opinion of Mr.
Robinson above expressed, as ho well knows that
every southern Democrat would scout him should
he do so, and send him into Coventry.
Mr. Chairman, for the first two months of this
session this House was entertained, day after day,
with speeches from southern gentlemen,declaring
thatifamajority of the people of this Union should,
under the forms of law and the Constitution, elect
a Republican President, they would dissolve the
Union; that they would not submit; that he never
should be inaugurated, and all that. Such was
the tenor of most of the speeches made on the
Democratic side of the House, and they were very
numerous.
While all these speeches, pi'eaching treason
and disunion in most violent and insulting lan-
guage, were being made by leading members of
