2652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
lem river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
HOUMAS LAND GRANT.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill in
regard to the Houmas land claim. It was up yes-
terday, and debated, and was postponed until
half past eleven o'clock to-day, and, I believe,
made the special order for that hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Georgia move to take up that bill ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. It was postponed
until half past eleven o'clock to-day, and, I think,
was made the special order for that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
understand that it was postponed until half past
eleven o'clock. It was postponed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Until half past eleven o'clock
to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be taken up
on a motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that we take up the
bill. It was postponed until half past eleven
o'clock to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that was the
case, it would be the special order at half past
eleven o'clock; but the impression of the Secre-
tary is different from the opinion of the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then the Secretary is wrong.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to present some
papers, which I hope I shall be allowed to do.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will also allow me to make a report.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Otdaredj That Christian Hines have leave to withdraw,
from the files of the Senate, the original deed filed by him
for a lot purchased under a sale in 1816, for direct taxes in
the city of Washington.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That Constant Mnthewson have leave to with-
draw, from the flies of the Senate, the discharge of her
father, Major ElishaMathcwaon, signed by General Wash-
ington, and filed with the petition of tile widow of said
Elisha Mathewson.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate re-
lating to the payment ol certain volunteers called into ser-
vice by the Governor of Plon3a in the years 1853 and 1858,
he referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and Mili-
tia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
and Militia, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 374) for the relief of the Missionary So-
ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain J. W. David-
son, praying the reimbursement of an amount de-
ducted from his pay on accountof public moneys
stolen while in his keeping as acting commissary
of subsistence, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 492) for the relief of Captain J.
W. Davidson, of the United States Army. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 337) for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Smith, of Coffee county, Ten-
nessee, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial from the Legislature of
Missouri, requesting a reimbursement of money
paid by said State, in repelling an incursion of
the Osage Indians in 1837, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject;
which was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Senate relative to the expediency of making pro-
vision for running .and marking the forty-sixth
parallel of latitude, as far as it is the boundary
between the State of Oregon and Washington
Territory, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 63) to regulate the mileage of members of Con-
gress, reported it without amendment, and ad-
versely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 234) relating to the
proceedings of the circuit and d istrict courts of the
United States, reported it without amendment,
and adversely.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 587) for the relief of Anton L. C. Portman,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Anna Rogers, widow of John Rogers, a seaman
in the Navy, praying a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Pensions;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Augustus Steele,
praying payment of an amount due him for salary
and expenses, while inspector of the customs at
Tampa Bay, Florida, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 493) for the relief of Au-
gustus Steele. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WIGFALL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 313) for the relief
of Hockaday & Liggett, to report the bill back
without amendment, and to ask that the report be
printed.
Mr. YULEE. Differing with the committee
upon the report which has just now been made
by the Senator from Texas, I have prepared a
minority report, which I ask may be printed also.
I will say to the Senate that, in my judgment, this
case ought not to be disposed of without full con-
sideration.
Mr. RICE. In connection with this subject,
as a member of that committee, I wish to say that
I agreed with the majority of the committee in
regard to the equities of the claim; but as that
committee and another of which I am a member
have met for the last four days at the same hour
of the same day, I have not had an opportunity
to examine the reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to print the report of the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a paper
containing the views of the minority. I believe
it lias been usual to treat it as a report of the com-
mittee, and print it on a motion.
It was ordered to be printed. *
LIEUTENANT CRAVEN'S REPORT.
Mr. THOMSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Senale the report of Lieutenant Commanding Cra-
ven, of llie United states Navy, of an inter-oceanic ship
canal, near the Isthmus of Danen via the Atrato and Tru-
ando rivers.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (No. 43)
giving the assent ofCongress to certain acts passed,
or to be passed, by the Legislatures of the States
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas, or any two
of them, in relation to the " raft" of Red river,
and for other purposes; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT CHICAGO.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give notice that I shall,
on Friday next, move in the morning hour to
take up the joint resolution from the House of
Representatives relative to the expenditure of the
appropriation for the repair of the light-house and
pier at Chicago. The resolution has once passed
the Senate; but a motion was made by my col-
league to reconsider it, at the request of the Sen-
ator from Alabama, [Mr. Cl<> r.] I give notice
that I shall endeavor to call i, up on Friday next.
I trust it will take no time to dispose of it.
PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to introduce a reso-
lution of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa offers the following resolution, and if there
be no objection it will be considered now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object. I gave way to re-
ports, and as .soon as they are concluded I sup-
pose my motion is pending.
Mr. HARLAN. This resolution will occupy
but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
must be read. An objection will make itlieover
until to-morrow after that; but the Secretary will
read it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I yielded to gentlemen for a
moment as I understood, by unanimous consent,
to make reports. 1 did not think that I lost my
right to have the motion put to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he has been ruling when a Senator yields
the floor that he cannot yield the floor to various
Senators and retain it against another Senator
who has obtained it. The Chair ruled that way
yesterday.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; I will understand
it hereafter. When I make make a motion again,
I will know that if I yield through courtesy it
will rule me out.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest that
the Senator from Georgia is entitled to the floor
on an order which in part the Chair recognized to
exist, and which involves the correction of the
record, and he can take that matter up at once
anyhow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
recognize the bill as being a special order at half
past eleven o'clock; and he referred to the Secre-
tary.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is a cor-
rection of the record; and if the Senator chooses
to insist, he can have that taken up now. I
hope he will not insist on it, for the simple
reason that in the fifteen minutes we have left
we cannot dispose of his bill. I hope he will
consent to make it the special order for some
particular time.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to inquire whether there is a special order;
and if so, what it is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no special
order until twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then we have an hour for
morning business; and first in order are petitions,
then reports of committees, and next introduction
of bills. I should like to have that rule observed.
I have some morning business to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana that any Senator
can make a motion to take up any bill, or offer
any resolution, at anytime after the Journal is
read. There is an order of business which the
Chair calls up, if no motion be made.
Mr. BRIGHT. With due deference to the
Chair, I think it requires a majority to suspend
the order of business, as laid down ill the rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That majority is
indicated by voting to take lip the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to introduce a
bill. It is part of the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa offers a resolution, which is in order. It
must be read, and then, if objection be made, it
will lie over until to-morrow.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to furnish the Senate with copies of all bids for, and of all
contracts entered into for, fitting up the saloons ot the east
and west wings of the Patent Office with model eases and
galleries, with a statement of the amount of appropiiations
made for fitting up each saloon, and the amount paid for
the same—giving copies of the measurers' bills in each
case—and specifying particularly the quantity of iron east-
ings used and the price paid per pound therefor; also,the
quantity of iron work, and tile price paid per pound or foot.
And also, whether any part of the fitting up of said saloons
was given out without receiving bids tlierefer; and if so,
what portions were i-o given out, by whom, and to whom
given out, and what amount was paid for the same.
Mr. BRIGHT. It will lie over, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
494) amendatory of an act approved June 14,
1858, for the relief of Sherlock & Shirley; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
