I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26*7
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
the Democratic party, where was my colleague?
Did he utter one word of rebuke to a single man
for any of those treasonable sentiments? Not a
word; but, on the contrary, "v^hen any sentiment
particularly offensive to the Republican side Of the
tiouse, because of its disunion and treasonable
character, was uttered, he has generally been no-
ticed as first and foremost m leading the applause
that invariably followed from the Democratic
benches. So impressed had he become with those
disunion speeches, that he declared that "the
question of disunion was not one of time, but that
disunion was now actually here." Considering
what a horrible event a dissolution of the Union
is supposed to be, I could not but think that my
colleague was rather jolly over it. He did not tell
us where he was going in case ofa dissolution, as
some other northern Representatives and Senators
have. Should that melancholy event prove the
means of his loss to Wisconsin, I presume that the
disconsolate people there would become reconciled
upon hearing that their loss had resulted in a cor-
responding gain to Arkansas or Texas, where he
could " expend his energies and intellect55in train-
ing CufTy, Sambo, and Dinah.
My colleague finds fault with the Republican
party, because, he says. " they always appeal to
the Declaration of Independence, that all mon are
created equal." He says that, "that is a mere
abstract statement;" and that Jefferson never
meant that all mon were created equal. As he
was more than usually lucid in his exposition
of the Declaration of Independence, I think 1
will read what he says upon that subject. Here
it is:
" Gentlemen on the other side of the House, and Repub-
lican oratoisat the North, always appeal to the Declaration
of Independence—that all men arc eieatcd equal; and they
go on to argue fiom that directly and positively, that these
black men weic intended to he included in that Declara-
tion and to he incorpouued as citizens under this system of
Government ot our.-'. Now, sir, tins is a mere abstract
statement. It could not have been that Jcffeison meant
that all men could have been created with equal rights un-
der any paiticular form ot Government; for wc know that
Government doe? not proceed directly from God, but is the
result ot human thought, human intellect, and human will.
What did lie mean ? It is true they are equal in the sight
of God ; they bear the same icintion to time and eternity
that we all do, but they aie not created with equal polit-
ical rights, and it was never so intended."
Ah Captain Cuttle would say: " There's wis-
dom for you." z
" It is true," says my colleague, "they are
equal in the sight of God, they bear the same
relation to time and eternity," but God did not
intend they should be equal m the sight of man;
and the reason is, because Government does not
proceed from God. Could anything be clearer
than this? It is " clear as mud."
As to whether Jefferson, who framed the Dec-
laration, meant what he said, or whether he meant
something else, can be best judged from reading
his opinions on slavery, some of which I have
here, and presently will read.
A prominent politician—Mr. Douglas—has in-
terpreted the Declaration to mean simply that God
had created such British subjects as lived on this
side of the water in 1776 equal to British sub-
jects living in Great Britain—nothing more. This
interpretation is about such as was to be expected
of a man who declared that he did not care whether
"slavery in theTerritoiies was voted up or down."
As my colleague believes the Declaration of Inde-
pendence to mean anything else than what it pur-
ports to mean, I will allow Mr. jefferson, who
was the author of it, to say whether he intended
that the people of color then residing m this coun-
try were to be regarded as men or not. "VVe know
that in many of the States they were then regarded
as citizens, and allowed to vote. Before the Dec-
laration, and while Virginia was yet a colony, in
1774, she held a convention to appoint delegates
to attend the first general Congress, which was to
assemble, and did assemble, in Philadelphia, in
September of the same year. Before that conven-
tion, Mr. Jefferson made an exposition of the
rights of British America, in which he said:
" The abolition of domestic slavery is the great object of
desire in these colonies, where it was unhappily introduced
in their infant state. But previous to the enfranchisement
of the slaves, it is necessary to exclude further importations
from Africa."
In the original draft of the Declaration of In-
dependence, of which it is well known he was
the author, wc find this charge against the King:
of Great Britain:
" He has waged cruel war against human nature itself,
violating its most sacred rights ot lite and liberty in the per-
sons of a distant people who never offended him, captivating
and carrying them into slavery m another hemisphere, or to
incur miserable death in theii transportation thither. This
piratical warfare, the opprobrium of infidel Poweis, is the
warfare of the Christian King of Great Britain. Determined
to keepa market where men should be bought and sold, he
has at length prostituted his negative tor suppressing any
legislative attempt to prohibit and restrain this cxecrable
commerce.5'
Hear him further; he says:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by their Cieator
with ceitain inalienable lights; that among these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these
rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving
their just powers from the consent of the governed."
Under date of August 7,1785, in a letter to Dr.
Price, of London, he says:
"Northward of the Chesapeake, you may find, here and
there, an opponent of your doctrine, as you may find here
and there a robber and murderer; but in no great number.
Emancipation is put into such a tram, that in a few years
there will be no slaves northward of Maryland. In Mary-
land I do not find such a disposition to begin the redress of
this enormity as in Virginia. This is the next State to which
we may turn our eyes for the interesting spcctaclc of justice
m conflict with avaucc and oppression; a conflictwheiem
the sacred side is gaining daily recruits from the influx into
office of young men grown up andgrowing up. These have
sucked in the principles of liberty, as it were, with thoir
mothers' milk; and it is to them I look with anxiety to turn
the fate of the question."
In another letter, written to a friend in 1814, he
made use of the following language:
" Your favor of July 31 was duly received, and read with
peculiar pleasure. The sentiments do honor to the head
and heart of the writer. Mine on the subject of the slavuiy
of negroes have long since been in the possession of the
public, and time has only seived to give them stionger root.
The love of justice and the love of country plead equally
the cause of these people, and it is a Lepioach to us that
they should have pleaded it so long m vain."
Again he says:
" What an incomprehensible machine is man.who can en-
dure toil, famine, stripes, imprisonment, and death itself, m
vindication of his own liberty, and the next moment be deaf
to all those motives whose power supported him through his
trial, aiikj^fflict on his fellow-man a bondage, one hour of
which i^raught with more misery than ages ot that winch
he rose in rebellion to oppose?
" We must wait with patience the workings of an over-
ruling providence, and hope that that is preparing the de-
liverance of these our brethren. When the measure of theit
tears shall be full, when their groans shall have involved
Heaven itself in darkness, doubtless a God of justice wdl
awaken to theirdistiess. Nothing is more certainly written
in the book of fate, thun that this people shall be free."
In a letter to James Heaton, on this same sub-
ject, dated May, 20, 1826, only six weeks before
his death, he says: 9
u My sentiments have been forty years before the public.
Had I repeated them forty times, they would have only be-
come the more stale and threadbare. Although I shall not
live to see them consummated, they will not die with me."
On the 39th and 40th pages^of his Notes on
Virginia, Jefferson says:
"And with what cxccration should the statesman be
loaded, who, permitting one half the citfc ens thus to trample
on the rights of the otiier, transforms those into despots and
these into enemies, destroys the morals of the one pan, and
the amor patrics of the other ; lor il a slave can have ;i coun-
try in this world, it must be any other in preference to that
in which he is born to live and labor for another; in which
he mu^tlock up the faculties of his nature, eontiibute, as lar
as depends o*i hn individual endeavois, to the ('vanishment
of the human race, or entail Ins ovvu miseiable condition
on the endless generations proceeding fiom hun."
It will thus be seen that Mr. Jefferson not only
speaks of the colored people as "citizens," but
also as "brethren."
As my colleague has declared himself in fa-
vor of slavery and holding slaves, and believes it
morally right to do so, if may not be out of place
to cgmmend further to him a few more opinions
of the early fathers of the Republic; such men$as
Washington, Madison, Monroe, and others.
In a letter to John F. Mercer, dated September
9, 1786, General Washington says:
"i never mean, unless some particular ciicumstances
should compel me to it, to po^c*s another slavo by pur-
chase, u bHin  among my Jhst wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in tins country may be abolished
by law."
In a letter to Robert Morris, dated April 12,
X786, he says:
" I hope it will not be conceived from these observations
that it is my wish to hold the unhappy people who are the
subject of this letter in slavery. I can only say, that there
is not a man living who wishes more sincerely than I do to ;
see a plan adopted for the abolition of it; but there is only I
one proper and effectual mode by which It can be accom-
plished, and that is by legislative authority; and this, as
1far as my suffrage will go, shall never be wanting."
He says, in a letter to the Marquis de la Fay-
ette, April 5, 1783:
"The scheme, my dear marquis, which you propose as
a precedent, to encourage the emancipation of the black
people in this country from the state of bondage In which
they arc held; is a striking cvidcnce of the benevolence of
your heait. I shall be happy to join you m *o laudable a
work, but will defer going into a detail of the business till
I have the pleasure of seeing you."
In another letter to La Fayette, he says:
"The benevolence of your heart, my dear marquis, is so
conspicuous on all occasions, that I never wonder at any
fresh pi oofs ot it; but yourjate purchase of an estate iftthe
colony of Cayenne,with the view of emancipating the slaves
on it, is a generous and noble proof of your humanity. Would
to God a like spirit might diffuse itself generally into the
minds of the people of this country."
I could quote the opinions of Washington to
much greater length, and all to the same effect, but
time will not allow me to do so.
Mr. Madison, the father of the Constitution, de-
clared that he
" Thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution the idea
that there could be property in mon."
Advocating the abolition of the slave trade, as
we find in the forty-second number of the Fed-
eralist, he said:
"It were doubtless to be wished that the power of pro-
hibiting the importation of slaves had not been postponed
until the year 1808, or, rather, that it had been suffered to
have immediate operation.
" iiut it is not difficult to account either for this restric-
tion on the General Government, or for the manner in which
the whole clause is expressed. Xt ought to be considered as
a great point gained in favor of humanity that a period of
twenty > ears may terminate forever, within these States, a
traffic which has t*o long and so loudly upbraided the bar-
barism of modern policy ; that within that period it will re-
ceive iucoiisideiablediscouiagement from the Federal Gov-
ernment, and may be totally abolished by a concuirence of
the lew States which continue the unnatural traffic, in the
prohibitory example which lias been given by so great ama-
jouty of the Union."
Again, he contends that—
"Where slavery exists, the republican theory becomes
sull more fallacious."
On another occasion, he says:
" We have seen the meie distinction of coloi made, in the
most enlightened period ot time, a ground of the most op-
pressive dominion ever exercised by man over man."
President Monroe, in a speech in the Virginia
convention, declared:
" That they had found that this evil had preyed upon the
very vitals of the Union, and had been prejudicial to ail the
State* in which it had existed."
Patrick Henry, "Virginia's greatest orator and
patriot, in a letter*dated January 18, 1773, asks:
" Is it not a little Mtrpusmg that the professor* of Chris-
tianity, whose chief excellence consists m softening the hu-
man heart, in cherishing and improving its finer feelings,
should encourage a practice '•o totally lepugnant to the lirst
impressions of right and wrong? What add* to the wonder
is, that this abominable practice has been introduced in the
most enlightened ages. Times that seem to have pretensions
to boa<-t of high impiovcmenfs in the art and sciences, and
refined morality', have brought into general use, and guarded
by many laws, a species of violence and tyranny which
our more rude and barbarous, but more honest, ancestors
detected."
Again, this groat orator eays:
" It would rt.joioc my very soul that everyone ot my fel-
low-being> \va-> emancipated. We ought to lament and
deplore the necessity of holding our leliovv-mcn in lond-
ULre. Relieve me, I shall honoi the Quakers for their noble
efforts to nboiisfi slavery.-"
On the 20th of October, 1774, while Congress
was in session in Philadelphia, Peyton Randolph,
president, the following resolution, among others,
was unanimously adopted:
" That wc will neither import nor purchase any slaves
impoited after the 1st day ot December next; alter which
turn: u e will wholly discontinue the slave trade, and will
neither he concerned in it ourselves, nor will we hue our
vessels, nor sell our commodities or manufactures, to those
who arc concerned m it."
"■ On motion of Jlr Randolph, the word {servitude.' was
struck out, andk serrice' unanimously inserted; the former
being thought to express the condition of slaves, and the
latter the obligation oifrec persons.'*—Madison Papers, vol.
3, p. 15u0.
That very eccentric genius, John Randolph, of
Roanoke, in a letter to WilhamGibbons, in 1820,
says:
" With unfeigned lespect and regard, and as sincere a
deprecation on the extension of slavery and it^ horrors as
any other man, be he who he may, I am your friend, m the
literal sense of that much-abused word. I say much abused,
because it is applied to the leagues of vice and avatice and
ambition, instead of good will toward man, from love of
Him who is the Princc of Peace."
