1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
$150,000 appropriated for that purpose, and as
though the application to that purpose of part of
the money appropriated as aforesaid to "the im-
Erovement of the navigation" of said riveis had
een lawful; provided that the credits allowed
shall not exceed the total amount of said appro-
priations.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing that the joint
resolution shall be received; and I move that it be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar. I think it ought to be exam-
ined into, and that there ought to be a report accom-
panying it.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a report.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not want to object to
the resolution coming in; but I think there ought
to be some examination of it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the House will
indulge me, I will say one word in regard to the
knowledge which I possess of the contents of this
bill. It was considered before the Committee on
Commerce. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mooriiead] was instructed to report it, and
to ask to have it put upon its passage. I am told
that it is to provide for a remissness in this re-
spect: the items of accounts were misapplied, and
money was attributed to one set of items while
the appropriation was designed for another—all
falling, however, within the general appropriation.
A part of the appropriation was designed for the
improvement of certain rivers, and another part
for the improvement and repair of certain boats
on these rivers. I was informed, and believe, that
a great part of the appropriation was expended
for the boats, and not for the rivers; and this bill
is to correct that misapplication. The aggregate
expenditures did not exceed the sum appropri-
ated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from New
York, who seems to have been putin possession
of certain information in respect to this bill,
whether his committee has applied to the Depart-
ment to learn, and whether it has information from
the Department showing, the true, real difficulty
in the way of settling these accounts ? Wlmt in-
formation is there from the Department, before
the House or before the committee, on the sub-
ject of these contested items ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The information
submitted to us in the commitee was to the effect
that there was no objection in the Department to
this resolution, and that it was requisite to a proper
settlement of these accounts; that the error had
been committed; that it can only be corrected in
this way; and that that course would bo without
injury to the public interests.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there be any communi-
cation from the Department, I call for the reading
of it.
Mr. FLORENCE. This will cost the Govern-
ment nothing. The matter has been investigated
by a committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have asked for the reading
of a paper. Will the gentleman let it be read>
The following communications were read by
the Clerk: ,M.
War Dm'AIitment, April 7, 1 bSO.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 16th ultimo, inclosing
a joint resolution providing for tiie adjustment of tlie ac-
counts of the western river improvements, I nave tne
honor to transmit, herewith, loports from the chief topo-
graphical engineer and Third Auditoi, containing the tn-
tormation requisite for a full understanding of the subject.
The joint resolution is returned.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. K. Moorhead, of the Committee on Commerce,
House of Representatives.
Treasury Department,
Third Auditor's Office, Jlpnl 5, I860.
Sir: In reply to the letter to you of the lGtliMaieh, I860,
from Hon. J. K. Moorhead, referred to this office for re-
port, I have the honor to state :
On examination of the settled accounts of the agents of
the Buicau of Topographical Enginceis, by whom the ap-
propriation of the 30th August, 185-2, u for the construction
and repair of snag-boats, dredge-boats, discharging scows,
and machinery, to be used on the Mississippi, Ohio, Mis-
soun, Arkansas, and other western livew," was dis-
bursed, it appears that the amount applied to that purpose
The amount appropriated is  150,000 00
And the amount expended beyond the amount
appropriated is therefore oj
Of this amount, there appears to have been applied of
appropriations for the improvement of the navigation of
rivers, as follows :
The Mississippi, below the rapids ^..$21,678 07
The Ohio, including the repairs of the dam at
Cumberland island    24,879 96
The Missouri  6,956 83
The Arkansas  6,759 67
On settlement of the accounts of the agents referred to
above, the accounting officers were of opinion that all ex-
penditures necessary for the complete preparation of the
snag and dredge-boats, &c., for use in the improvement of
the rivers designated, should be charged against the special
appropiiation for their construction, &c. > and that the
charging of any portion of the cost of their construction to
the appiopriations for improvements of the navigation of the
rivers in winch they were designed to be used, was inad-
missible, and could not, therefore, properJy be credited to
the agents by whom the expenditures were made, without
spechl authority from Congress. *
There are no balances in the Treasury of any of tho ap-
propriations for the improvement of the rivers herein re-
ferred to, and if the credits contemplated by the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 4, first session, Thirty-Sixth Congress)
inclosed m lion. Mr. Moorhen's letter are authorized,
the balances for which the disbursing agents will remain
accountable will, if any, be inconsiderable, as the only
balances reported to be on hand by accounts rendered to
the clone of the year 1859, are—
For the improvement of the Mississippi liver, below the
rapids $272 47
For improvement of the Arkansas  397 b6
The letter from Hon. Mr. Moorhead, and the joint reso-
lution inclosed with it, and the letter to you from the To-
pographical Bureau, dated 28th March, I860, which was
retened to this office therewith, are respectfully returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. J. MfNER, JLu&itor.
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Bureau of Topographical Engineers,
Washington, March 28, 1860.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge your direction to
report upon a letter from Hon. J. K. Moorhead, of the
Committee on Commerce of the House of Representatives,
inclosing a joint resolution to allow ciedit to ceitain dis-
bursing officers for expenditures made by them on account
of the improvement of western rivers.
The appropriations of August 30,1852, for the improve-
ment of western rivers, specified the objects to vfthich they
were to be applied; but in making the expenditures it was
found necessary to take from the funds appropriated for one
object the mean*, ncces&aiy to carry out another.
The object of the resolution, as understood in this ofliet,,
is to enable the accounting officers to settle and close the
accounts of the disbursing officers as they have been ren-
dered.
With regard to the amount expanded for boats, &c., be-
yond the amount of appropriation lor that purpose, and the
amount unexpended of the other appiopriations, [ would
respectfully refer to the Third .^uditor, in who«e office the
accounts have been audited.
Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
J. J. ABEIIT, Colonel Corps Engineers.
Hon. John B. Fi>oyp, Secretary of War.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall not object to this
bill, because, as far as I can understand these
papers, and the statement made by the gentleman
from New York, the bill does not contemplate
any additional appropriation. I may say, how-
ever, that I think such conduct on the part of
disbursing officers is very censurable; and this
House, whenever it can have an opportunity, and
where it can lay its hands on such officers, ought
to express its sense of such conduct by withhold-
ing any additional appropriation where officers
transcend or violate their duty and the law.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman fiom Ala-
bama will allow mc, I can explain, to some ex-
tent at least, how this thing occurred. The su-
perintendent of these snag-boats was authorized,
by the general superintendent for the improve-
ment of these rivers,to construct these boats. He
made contracts for the construction of a certain
number of boats. After the wood work of the
boats was nearly completed, he ascertained that
such a rise had taken place in the price of iron,
that if he went on with the construction of these
boats, and had the necessary machinery supplied,
the boats would cost an amount largely exceeding
that appropriated for this special purpose. Under
those circumstances, he consulted Colonel Long
and Colonel Abert as to the course he should
pursue. They told him, without a moment's hes-
itation, to proceed with the construction of the
boats; and they expressed an absolute certainty
that he would be sustained and justified in pur-
suing that course. On the receipt of this advice,
he pursued that course; and consequently, the cost
of the boats became what it is reported in the com-
munication from the Department. I concur with
the gentleman from Alabama that these departures
from the exact sums appropriated should not be
allowed, as a general rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. That explanation simply
divides the responsibility for improper conduct
between the disbursing officer on the ground -and
the heads of bureaus in this city. *
Mr. MALLORY. Yes. t .
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not care to what point
or to what person the blame should be applied.
Such conduct ought to be condemned whenever
an opportunity presents itself.
1 desire now, sir, after this bill shall be acte<i
on, to*ask for the regular order of business. I
want the Chair to understand that that is the call
which I make, and which I insist upon.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I inquire whether
this bill has been received ?
The SPEAKER. The b^ll has been received.
I move the previous c^ies-
Docs the gentleman from
Mr. MALLORY.
tion on its passage.
The SPEAKER.
Alabama waive his motion to commit?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
The previous question was seconded, and the.
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the joint re^lution was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the voto ,
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS OE 1812.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hous« a com- „
munication from the War Department, transmit-
ting a list of persons who served more than six
months in the war of 1812; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
RICHARD D. .TONES.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask permission'ofthe House
to withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the ease of Richard D. Jones, for the purpose
of having them referred to the Pension Office.
It was so ordered.
J. ALEXIS PORT. 9
Mr. PHELPS. I ask leave to have withdrawn*
from the files of the House the papers in the case
of J. Alexis Port, leaving copies thereof on file.
It was so ordered.
REGISTERS AND RECEIVERS.
Mr. McCLERNAND, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into and report, by bill or otherwise, the
expediency of making additional compensation to registers
and receivers of public lands, where bcveral land districts
have been consolidated into one district.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES..
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the committees will be called
for reports on private business.
WILLIAM EWING.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for thcirelief of William Ewing;
which was read a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
IIULL & C0ZZ15NS.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Hull & Cozzens, and
John Nailor & Co.; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
JANE SMITH AND OTHERS.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to report back the bill (C.
C No. 44) for the relief of Jane Smith, of tha
county of Claremont, State of Ohio, with a gen-
eral joint resolution, which shall cover this and
all similar cases. It is a joint resolution giving
construction to the second section of the act of
February 3, 1853, to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans. I ask that it may be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report of the committee, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I movo to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DUELL. I hope that motion will not be
agreed to.
