1710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
The question was stated to the House, and the
Speaker announced that it seemed to be decided
in the negative.
Mr. BRANCH. I think the House does not
understand the question. This is simply a mo-
tion to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose everybody will
understand my purpose in making the motion. It
is to provide for the bill remaining in committee,
where it can be discussed. It involves a principle
that ought to be examined into; and that is all I
want. I do not want it brought back into the
House by a motion to reconsider, and put through
under the operation of the previous question,
withotjt the opportunity upon the part of any
member to ask any question, or express any opin-
ion upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIDSON. And everybody knows that
if it goes to the Committee of the Whole, without
the power to bring it back by a motion to recon-
sider, it can never be rcached.
Mr. DUELL. The bill was befor# fho last
Congress,and passed this House,as I understand,
almost unanimously. I presume every member
is familiar witlytt.
Mr. BRANCH. I will say that the motion is
simply to confirm the action of the House in re-
ferring the matter to the Committee of the Whole,
on the motion of the gentleman who reported it to
the House. 1 do not know what objection can be
made to it:
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider.on
the table was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, an act (H. R.
No. 31) for the relief of Charles Knap; when the
Speaker signed the same.
HALF PAY TO "WIDOWS AND ORPHANS-
Mr. IIUTCHINS. I will say that there are
some thirty-odd bills from the Committee of
Claims, involvingprecisely the same principle as
that which has just been referred, and covered
by the joint resolution which we have reported,
I report them back, and ask that they may be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
The following bills were accordingly referred,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill (C. C. No. 53) for the relief of Margaret
Taylor, of Putnam county, Tennessee;
A bill (C. C. No. 52) for the relief of Anna Par-
ot,ofClinton county, Ohio; «
A bill (C. C. No. 51) for the relief of Nancy.
Madison, of Fairfield county, Ohio;
A bill (C. C. No. 50) for the relief of Mercy
Armstrong, of Gloucester county, Rhode Island;
A bill (C. C. No. 48) for the relief of Esther
Stevens, of Van Buren county, Michigan;
A bill (C. C. No. 49) for the relief qf Mary
Burt, of Scioto county, Ohio;
A bill (C. C. No. 47) for the relief of Ann Clark,
of Madison county, Tennessee;
A bill (C.C. No. 46) for the relief of Hannah
Weaver, of Wayne county, Pennsylvania;
A bill (C.C.No. 45) for the relief of Luoinda
Robinson, of the county of Orleans, Slate of Ver-
mont;
A bill (C. C. No. 54) for the relief of Lavinia
Tipton, of White county, Tennessee;
A bill (C. C. No. 55) for the relief of Lucretia
Wilcox, of Wayne county, Michigan;
A bill (C. C. No. 56) for the relief of Mary
Robbins, of Westmoreland county, Virginia;
A bill (C. 0. No. 57) for the relief of Tempy
Connelly, of Johnson county, Kentucky;
A bill (C. C. No. 58) for the relief of Rosa-
mond Robinson, of Belknap county, New Hamp-
shire;
A bill (C. C. No 59) for the relief of Jane Mar-
tin, of Harrison county, Virginia;
A bill (C.C. No. 60) for the relief of Melinda
Durkee, of the Sta'e of Georgia;
A bill (C. C. No. 61) for the relief of Sarah
Weed, of Albany county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 69) for the relief of Mary
Pearcc, of the county of Cortlandt, State of New
York;
A bill (C.C. No. 63) for the relief of Ann B.
Johnson, of the county of Henrico, State of Vir-
ginia;
A bill (C. C. No. 64) for the relief of Hannah
Menzics, of the State of Kentucky;
A bill (C. tH. No. 66) for the relief of Rebecca
P. Nourse, of the State of Kentucky;
A bill (C. C. No. 67) for the relief of Anna
Hill, of Monroe county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C No. 68) for the relief of Polly
Booth, of Madison county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 69) for the relief of Sarah
Eaton, of Worcester county, State ofMassachu-
A bill (C. C. No. 70) for the relief of Temper-
ance Childress, of the State of Virginia;
A bill (C. C. No. 71) for the relief of Elizabeth
King, of t|*c State of Virginia;
A bill (C. C. No. 72) for the relief of Lydia
Clapp, of Washington county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 73) for the relief of Elizabeth
Morgan, of Rensselaer county/, State of New
York;
A bill (C. C. No. 74) for the relief of Phcebe
Polly, of Otsego county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 75) for the relief of Nancy
Ittig, of Herkimer county, State of New York;
A bill (C. C. No. 76) for the relief of Mary Ann
"Hooper, of the State of Viiginia;
A bill (C. C. No. 77) for the relief of Almira
Rcniff, of the State of Pennsylvania;
A bill (C. C. No. 78) for the relief of Sarah
Loomis, of New London county, State of Con-
necticut; and
A bill (C. C. No. 79) for the relief of Mary
Grant, of the State of South Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bills were referred; and also moved to
lay the motion to icconsideron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUGUSTUS II. EVANS.
Mr. McjJLERNAND, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back Senate bill No. 210, for
the relief of Augustus H. Evans, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER W. D. PORTER.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I am directed by the
.Committee of Claims to import back to the House
the petition of Commander W. D. Porter, of the
United States Navy, for balance of pay, and to
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
It was so ordered.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
Mr. HOARD, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back liouse bill No. 99, for the relief
of Benjamin Sayre, with a recommendation that it
do pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 30G) to settle the titles to lands
along the boundary line between the States of
Georgia and Florida; and
An act (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Huttman.
CAPTAIN ALEXANDER V. ERASER.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Captain Alexander
V. Eraser; which was read a first and second
time, referred toa Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
STEPHEN F. WILLIS.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Stephen F. Willis; which was read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
RICHARD CIIENERY.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina, from the same
committee, also reported back Senate bill No. 77,
for the relief of Richard Chenery, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, with certain amend-
ments; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day, it be to meet on Monday next. It was the
understanding last week that we should adjourn
over this week.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
SIMON DE YISSER AND JOSE VILLARUBIA.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported back Senate 'bill No. 3D,
for the relief of Simon De Visser and Jose Vil-
larubia, with a recommendation that it do pass,
with an amendment; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM IIIGGINS.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Mr. Spenkcr, I am directed
by the Committee on Public Lands to report a
bill for the relief of the widow and other heirs of
William Higgins.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. TRIMBLE, t hope that there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill at this time.
It is a just claim; which will be admitted, I think,
when the bill is road. I ask that the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill. It authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to cancel bounty
land warrant No. 31474, issued on the 10th of
July, 1856, to William Higginson, for service
rendered as a seaman in the United States Navy
during the war with Mexico, and to reissue the
same to William Higgins, the real party for whom
the bounty was intended.
Mr. TRIMBLE. It is a case of mistake of
name, and the bill only provides the proper cor-
rection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and i&ad
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRIMBLE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSIAII FOSTER AND OTHERS.
Mr, ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an ad verse report on
the petition of Josiah Foster and others, respect-
ing a metallic safe and mail-bag for marine pur-
poses; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
JAMES STOKER.
Mr. ALLEY, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of James
Stoker., for relief; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
HOCKADAY & LIGGIT._
Mr. ALLEY 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of theWhole
House from the further consideration of House
bill No. 513, for the relief of Hockaday & Liggit,
in order that it may now be put upon us passage.
Mr. BARR. I must object to that.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That motion is not
in order at this time.
The SPEAKER. It can only he received by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 know nothing
about this case, and I must object.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope that the gentleman
from Virginia will consent that the bill shall come
before the House; and then we can act upon the
facts as developed by the icport of the Committee
on the Post Otfice and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Every man must
take his turn; and I cannot consent that one case
of merit shall jump another case of merit.
Mr. FLORENCE. Does the objection of the
gentleman from Virginia prevent the passage of
the bill, if the gentleman reports it and brings it
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The objection is a good one.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not object to>
the hill bfiing taken up.
