268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Te7~ritorial Policy—Mr. Vandever.
Ho. of Reps.
While in Congress,*he said:
" Sir, 1 cnvv neither the heart nor the head of that man*
from the North who rises here to defend slavery on prin-
ciple.''
It is well known that he emancipated all his
negroes. The following lines from liis will are
well worth perusing and preserving:
"1 give to my slaves their ireedom, to which my con-
science tells me they arc justly entitled. It has a longtime
been a matter of the deepest regret to me that the circum-
stances undoi which I inherited thPin, and the obstacles
thrown in the way by the laws of the land, have prevented
my emancipating them in my lifetime, which it is my full
intention to do in case I can accomplish it."
Colonel Mason, a leading and distinguished
member of the convention that formed the Con-
stitution, from Virginia, when the provision for
prohibiting the importation of slaves was under
consideration, said:
"The present question concerns not the importing States
alone,, but the whole Union. Slavery discourages arts and
manufactures. The poor despise labor when performed by
slaves. They prevent the emigration of whites, who really
enrich and strengthen a country. They produce the most
pernicious elfect on manners. Every master of slaves is
horn a petty tyrant. They bring the judgment of Ileaven on
a countiy. As nations cannot be rewarded or punished in
the next'world, they must be in this. Ilv an inevitable chain
of causes tuid effects, Providence punishes national sins by
national calamities."
In 1832, Governor McDowell used this lan-
guage m the Virginia Legislature:
" Who that looks to this unhappy bondage of an unhappy
people, m the midst of our society, and thinks of its inci-
dents oi issues, but weep-, over it as a curse as great upon
him who inflicts it as upon him who suffers it;
"Sir, you may place the slave where you please; you
may dry up, to your utmost, the fountains of his feelings,
the f,pmigs of his thought; >ou may close upon his mind
every avunueto knowledge, and cloud it over with artificial
night; you may yoke him to your labors as the ox which
livcth only to work, andworketh only to live; you may put
him under any ptoces-s, which, without destroying his value
as, a slave, will debase and crufh him as a rational being;
you may do tins, and the idea that he was born to be free
will survive it alt. It W aluod to his hope of immortality •,
it U the ethereal part of his nature, which oppression can-
not loach; it is a torch lit up in his bouI by the hand of
Deity, ana never meant to be extinguished by the hand ot
man.''
Arid, to come down to a later period; what
was the opinion of some of Virginia's wise men
no longer ago than 163:3? In an address to the
Virginia Legislature in 1820, Governor Randolph
said.
"■ We have been far outstripped by Sftatcs to whom nature
ha.? been far less bountilul. It is patnlul to consider what
m«j{lu have been, under other circumstances, the amouiitof
general wealth in Virginia."
In 1S32, Mr. Randolph, of Albemarle, in the
Legislature of Virginia, used the following most
graphic and emphatic language:
* * * * " Slavery has the effect of lessening
the free population of a country.
'• The gentleman has spoken of the increase of the female
slave* he ma a part of the profit. Ttis admitted ; but no great
evil can be averted, no good attained, without some incon-
venience. It may he questioned how lai it is desirable to
fo.su r and encourage this branch of profit, it i« a practice,
ami an increasing practice, in part* of Virginia, to rear
slave--, lor maikct. How can an honorable mind, a patriot,
ana a lovei of his country, hear to sue this ancient Domin-
ion, rendered illu-;triou-< by the noble devotion and patriot-
ism ol her sons in the cause of liberty, converted into one
giami menagerie, where men are to be reared lor the mar-
ket, like oxen for the shambles? Is it better, is it not worse,
than the slave trade—that trade which enlisted the labor of
Ihe good and wise of every creed and evSry clime to abolish
it? The trader receives tin? slave, a stranger in language,
aspect, and manner, fiom the merchant who has brought
him from the interior. The ties of father, mother, husband,
and child, have all been rent in twain ; before he receives
him his soul has become callous. But here, sir, individuals
whom the master has known from infancy, whom he has
eeen sporting in the innocent gambols of childhood, who
have been accustomed to look ro him for protection, he
tears trom the mothei's arms, and sells into a strange coun-
try among strange people, subject to cruel task-masters,"
I will quote the opinions of but one other man,
and he a man whose memory all now delight to
honor. Notwithstanding the Democracy in his life-
time hunted him with a malignity only equaled by
their present hypocrisy, they now set themselves
up as his original friends and warmest admirers,
and when engaged in any outrage of more than
ordinary baseness, are almost certain, now that he
has gone, to invoke his great name as sanctioning
their crimes. I need not say that I allude to glo-
rious old Harry Clay, of Kentucky. In the Sen-
ate of the United States, in 1850, he made use of
this memorable language:
" 1 am extremely sorry to hear the Senator from Missis-
sippi tay that he requires, first, the extension of the Missouri
compromise line toiiie Pacific, and al>>o thafheis not &atis-
fied with that, hut requires, if I understand him correctly, a
positive provision for the admission of slavery south of that
line. And now, sir, coming from a slave State, as I do, I
owe it to myself, 1 owe it to truth, I owe it to the subject, to
say that no earthly power could induce me to vote for a spe-
cific measure for the introduction of slavery where it had
not before existed, either south or north of that line. Com-
ing, as I do, from aslave State, it is my solemn, deliberate,
and well-matured determination, that no power, no earthly
power, shall compel me to vote for the positive introduction
of slavery either south or north of that line.
" Sir, while you reproach, and justly, too, our British an-
cestors for the introduction of this institution upon the
continent of America, I am, for one, unwilling that the pos-
terity of the present inhabitants of California and ot New
Mexico shall reproach us for doing just what we rcproacli
Great Britain for doing to us."
Hear him further; he says:
" So long as God allows thp vital current toflowthrough
my veins, f will never, never, never, by woid or thought,
by mind or will, aid in admitting one rood of free territory
to the everlasting curse of human bondage."
But, Mr. Chairman, great minds will differ.
On the one hand we have the opinions of Wash-
ington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Randolph,
Henry, and Clay, denouncing slavery as a great
moral wrong, and on the other hand we have the
member from the third congressional district of
Wisconsin declaring it to be right. Anxious as
I might be, tinderordinary circumstances, to agree
with my colleague, I am constrained to say that
I shall feel obliged to continue to follow the teach-
ings of these great lights of American liberty, and
that his very luminous speech has not convinced
me of my error. I must still continue to regard
slavery as a great social and political evil, and
labor to repress it, so far as I lawfully may do so.
TERRITORIAL POLICY.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. VANDEYER,
• 01? IOWA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 27, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole^jn the
state of the Union— /
Mr. VANDEVER saiS: ^
Mr. Chairman: 1 will endeavor to be as brief
as circumstances will seem to warrant in the few
remarks I propose to submit on the present oc-
casion. The Piesident, in his recent message to
this House, takes the opportunity to deplore the
existence of certain evils. With a partiality to-
wards the party which has elevated him to the
distinguished position he now occupies, a partial-
ity which I will not say is commendable in him,
but certainly excusable, he entirely exonerates
thafparty from all responsibility for those evils.
I propose to direct attention particularly to that
point, and to ascertain, if I may, by a cursory
review of this subject, where really the respons-
ibility does restv
In order to prosecute this inquiry it will become
necessary to examine the organization and pur-
poses of the so-called Democratic party. The
Democratic party of to-day predicates its organi-
zation upon a platform, 'that platform professes
to embody and enunciate the fundamental articles
of their political creed. Theirpresent platform is
nKAfotieo^lrr frviinrlAll nnAM tlin Infrielntlnn r\f IQ^/1
professedly founded upon the'legislati'on of 1854.
It is a platform consisting of certain essential and
certain non-essential propositions; and in this dis-
cussion it becomes important to inquire what are
the essential and what the non-essential propo-
sitions. In addressing myself to an inquiry of
this kind, I do not mean to offer simply the sur-
mises of my imagination, nor yet the conclusions
of my own judgment. I will take the expositions
of the Democratic platform, as acknowledged by
its leaders and illustrated by its practice.
At this point, sir, I call attention to the signifi-
cant language employed by a distinguished Sen-
ator, (Mr. Douglas,] in the other end of the
Capitol, during the last session. He said:
<{ I do not expect any presidential candidate to agree with
me m ail things. I do not say that I will not support a man
for President who goes for protective tariffs and .specific
duties. I do not sa> that I will not support a man who goes
for a bankrupt law. f do not ?-a.v that I will not vote for a
man who, in my opinion, has violated some cardinal prin-
ciple ot the party. I mav be compelled, as a choice of evils,
to suppoit sueh a man."
And again, in the same speech, the same dis-
tinguished Senator uses the following language:
tl I have shown you, sir, that by the Kansas-Nebraska
act and the Cincinnati platfoun non-intervention with
slavery in the Territories? by Congress was declared to bfi
a fundamental principle of the party, and now I am assailed
because I will not inteivene in violation ot the creed. No
man denies that non-intervention is the fundamental article
of the creed."—Congressional Globe, second session Thirty-
Fifth Congress, part 2, page 1255.
To be sure there is retained in the platform of
the party the usual stereotyped resolutions on
internal improvements, banks, tariffs, bankrupt
laws,&c.; out alltheseare non-essentials, and are
now professed by the party only in subordination
to 44 non-intervention" with slavery, which has
become <( the fundamental article of the creed."
Not to rest for proof of this fact upon the lan-
guage of Mr. Douglas alone, let me, by way of
illustration, refer to some circumstances that oc-
curred in this Hall before we elected a Speaker,
and when the House was disorganized. I believe
the largest vote which any gentleman on the op-
posite side of the Chamber received was given to
a member not of the Democratic party, but to a
gentleman who never had been a member of that
party and who did not affiliate with it furthei than
to sympathize upon this doctrine of non-interven-
tion. He was the candidate of the American
members on this floor. Gentlemen of the other
side—Democrats—m a body, almost without ex-
ception, deliberately cast their votes for such a
candidate [Mr. Smith, of North Carolina] for
Speaker of this House, expressly declaring at the
time that thcydid not vote for him as a Democrat,
but as an old-line Whig.
Then, what do we have here ? This significant
fact: that the party which to-day claims to be
the Democratic paity, par excellence, of the Gov-
ernment, has ignored ail of its old issues in refer-
ence to the living and vital interests of the coun-
try, and has planted itself upon one solitary plank 5
has become a single-idea party; has now but one
plank in its platform. If the old Whig party has
become obsolete, then certainly the Democratic
party, as it once existed, is no less obsolete, ex-
cept in name.
The convention now assembled in Charleston
is about to perform the duty of nominating an-
other Democratic candidate for the Presidency,
and to lay down another platform. I ask if any
gentleman in this House supposes that, in fram-
ing a new platform for the party, that convention
will do anything essentially to impair the signifi-
cance and import of the one adopted four years
ago? So far from receding from the position they
have already taken, the only question in that con-
vention now seems to be, whether the party shall
not go one step further than non-intervention with
slavery extension, and demand of Congress legisla-
tion for its protection. It matters but little whether
the battle is fought this year on the resolutions of
1856, or upon something m advance of what has
heretofore been claimod. There is but one object,
but one issue, and this is the establishment and
perpetuation of slavery in all the Territories of the
Union. The non-intervention of 1856 amounts
to this; nothing more, nor nothing less. It is the
single idea of the Democratic party loaders.
The distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] in remarks which he submitted in the
other end of the Capitol since the commencement
of this session, avowed himself as the responsible
author of the Kansas-Nebraska act—known as
the legislation of 1854—the policy of which is in-
corporated into the platform of the Democratic
party as the fundamental article of its creed. He
is the man whom that party, or a portion of it,
now propose, to nominate and elect to the Presi-
dency. He, above all others, seems to be deserv-
ing of such an honor. Pie is the professed author
and defender of the only essential element of their
political creed. He is the architect of their plat-
form. He is the individual who furnished the
ladder by which the party has ascended to that
position—that elevation or depression, whichever
you choose to call it—from which a man may,
without impairing his standing as a Democrat,
proclaim that he regards the involuntary servitude
of the South as preferable to the free institutions
of the North; may characterize northern States
as servile States; may defend the institution of
slavery as tending to develop the highest type of
civilization—an institution sanctioned by God, a
missionary institution, which is calculated to res-
cue from barbarism the millions of Africa, and to
