2654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
distinctions. They held expressly, in the case I
cited yesterday, that the confirmation of a grunt
was equivalent tp a grant itself, and stoodon the
same basis.
In this case the Government appointed its own
tribunal for the purpose of severing: the public
domain from private property. However, it un-
fortunately happened—and I think it unfortunate
in all cases where Congress reserves to itself, in-
stead of giving to another tribunal, the right of
confirmation, a judicial right—that we reserved
the right of final confirmation to Congress. The
tribunal established by Congress approved this
claim to the extent to which it was confirmed by
Congress in 1858. During the lapse of half a
century Congress neither disaffirmed the' claim
nor affirmed it, but suffered it to stand under the
law which they had passed, by which they meant
to provide for the adjustment of the rights of pri-
vate parties under previous grants, and to determ-
ine what belonged to the public and what to
individuals. Tlicy suffered it to stand in that
position, and they alone could confirm it; and
finally, in 1858, they did confirm the grant. In
my judgment, that vested the title.
Now, I am perfectly aware that gentlemen may
say that that act, in its third section, looks to the
issuing of a patent. Be it so; but the issuing of a
patent has nothing to do with the question of con-
firmation; it is merely the performance of execu-
tive functions; and whether the patent issues or
not, the title is equally confirmed by the second
section—absolutely confirmed—and the patent is
not necessary at all for the purpose of giving
either the legal or the equitable title. The Su-
preme Court have decided that. Congress may
grant by act; they may confirm by act; and be-
cause they direct that after confirmation a patent
shall issue, as in other cases, whether the patent
issues or not, the confirmation is none the less ir-
revocable. They might suspend the issuing of
the patent; I have no doubt of that; and they did
do it in this case; but the patent is merely evi-
dence of the grant; the act of Congress is what
binds the Government, and parts with the right
of the Government to any property whatever in
the land which they have disclaimed by the act.
I cannot doubt that whenever this question comes
before the Supreme Court, such will be their de-
cision, although you repeal this second section to-
morrow. I have not had time, as I stated, to ex-
amine the question of title, and 1 know nothing of
the merits of the case sufficiently to say whether
1 would or would not, if it were before me with-
out confirmation, now vote to confirm the title;
but I have looked solely to the question of con-
firmation. I believe we have parted with our
constitutional power to touch it now, since the
act of 1858, just as much as a judgment rendered
in a court having jurisdiction, which vested a title
in a party, could not be afterwards abrogated by
a repeal of the law under which that judgment
was rendered.
But, sir, independent of that, on what ground
are we to repeal this act? Without at all look-
ing into this question (for I am not competent to
do so on my insufficient knowledge of the facts)
whether the commissioners originally appointed
by the Government ought to have confirmed the
title to this land to the extent they did or not, and
whether Congress ought to have confirmed then-
action, which they did" do in 1858, on what ground
are we called upon to take this action? There is
no ground whatever, except that it has been im-
prudent legislation; that is, that we have passed
a law, the effect of which, like that of almost all
bills of that kind, and almost all private bills, was
known only to a few—perhaps a dozen mcmhcis
in the Senate, and no more. If that be a giound
on which you can repeal the action of a previous
Congress which has vested a right, you will have
abundant applications here for the purpose of re-
pealing acts of Congress. You have now, as I
saw on my table yesterday, a petition from some
railroad company m Iowa against divesting their
title to lands; and, therefore, I suppose, there
must have been a bill introduced for the purpose
of divesting their title. You will have enough
applications coming here from California for set-
ting aside grants made there under judicial decis-
ions if you entertain this doctrinc that Congress
has a right to revoke its own grants, or its own
confirmations, which are nothing but grants; and.
whether the confirmation is made by Congress
itself, or by a tribunal appointed by Congress, is
perfectly immaterial. It absolutely parts with
the public interest, and it is an irrevocable act.
There is a case—I do not recollect the exact date
of it, because I have not had time to look into the
authorities—in 2d Howard, in which the Supreme
Court expressly declared that a patent, as Con-
gress had confirmed the grant, was not necessary
for the purpose of giving the legal title as well as
the equitable one. They decided that the title was
just as good under the grant, if Congress made a
grant without issuing a patent, though the law
looked to the issuing of a patent and provided
for it. The court held that the party had the title
under the confirmatory act just as well without a
patent as with it. If that lie so; if the title vests
under a confirmatory act, which i do not doubt,
then I cannot see where is the power of Congress
to recall the confirmation. If you are to rccall it,
on what ground are you to do so ?
I admit it would be a very great hardship on
persons who had claims either anterior or subse-
quent to the Houmas grant, under the former
authorities that had jurisdiction over this terri-
tory, who presented them to the board and had
them confirmed, that we should confirm these, if
they conflict with each other. I think that would
be a case of hardship; but is there such a state of
facts? If there be, I have not seen any evidence
of it in the report of the committee. I do not say
it ts not so; but 1 have seen no evidence that there
are any outstanding grants which would give the
parties an equitable claim to this land, which is
interfered with by the confirmation of the Hou-
mas grant. If there be such, you can remedy
that, though; because you reserved, in the act of
1858, the rights of all third persons; and if tlicy
had claims which were presented and are not yet
confirmed, you can confirm them still. Both par-
ties then would stand on a fair footing m a court
of justice in any conflict between them.
But, if the object of this repeal is to cover the
claims of squatters upon this land without any
color of title at all, then, for one, I do not mean
to sanction that as any sufficient ground for ac-
tion by Congress at all,because, in this case, the
parties knew, under the terms of the act of Con-
gress, that they had no right to enter upon any
land to which a claim had been filed before the
commissioners. If they had no right to enter on
these lands, they have enteted on them with-
out color of law. To justify that entry, they
can make no claim on the Go\ernnientto sustain
them in a ielation which they had no right to
initiate m the first instance. Therefore, as regards
this class, without leference to the propriety of
the act of 1858, it would be no ground whatever,
m my belief, foi catling for any intervention on
the part of Congress.
As regards those who have inchoate, colorable
titles, under grants from previous Governments,
I admit, if they have been confirmed by the boards
of commissionersappointed byCongress, it would
be a hardship on them; but you can remedy that
by a different mode. You can remedy it now, be-
cause it is perfectly consistent with the act of 1858,
that you should confirm them in those titles, and
let all the parties stand on an equal footing, and
try the question of location in a court of law.
I therefore can see no reason why we arc called
upon to pass this repealing law at all, unless the
object be to get the land back to the Government,
and to have increased litigation between thcGov-
ernment and the claimants. The Government has
kept these parties out, admitting that they had a
claim to a portion of this land, b\it not confirming
their title for more than half a century. I think
I have a right to presume that the ttibunal ap-
pointed by Congiess under the law of 1805, hav-
ing decided in favor of this claim to its utmost
extent, which was (onfirmed in 1858, it was rightly
confirmed as against tlie Government; and there-
fore I am not disposed to repeal the act of 1858
as the rights of private individuals are saved, and
as any real, just right which it can be shown to
me can be affected by the act of confirmation of
1858 may be remedied; still, if the parties had
claims under old Spanish and French titles, by
confirming those titles, because the right would
exist under those titles, and those titles being con- j
firmed, they would stand on an equal footing with '
these claimants. Hence, I can sec no reason for j
the passage of a law of this kind, even though j
the bill has been amended by striking out the con- j
fiscation clause—for confiscation clause it was in
the second section as reported.
I am awaie, Mr. President, that in a conversa-
tion I had with the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, he stated that the Supreme Court had decided,
at its last term, differently from what 1 supposed
to he the law as regards confirmatory acts. I
believe 1 have got hold of the cas^to which the
honorable Senator alluded. I read it with atten-
tion; and, to my mind, it has not the slightest
bearing upon a bill similar to that which is now
presented. The case was one arising under the
laws of the State of Indiana,in which the Stateof
Indiana had provided, in a corporation law, that
the people of a county might vote a railroad sub-
scription, and the county commissioners were
then to subscribe to the stock so many shares.
That law passed in 3849. No subscription was
made under it by the county commissioners till
1852. In the mean time, before that subscription
was made, the new constitution of Indiana was
adopted in 1851, which took away the power of
a county to make any subscription whatever, un-
less the money was paid; which took away the
power to run the people of a county in debt "for a
subscription to any road whatever. The bonds
were issued by the county, notwithstanding this
provision in the constitution; and the question was
whether the party could recover on those bonds.
The Supreme Court held that this was not a con-
tract until the subscription was made; that, though
a municipal act of incorporation might be a con-
tract, as was decided in the Dartmouth College
case, in the broad sense of the term, yet there was
not such a contract; that it was not within the
control of the constitution of the State, because
U was merely an act directing certain authorities
to be exorcised by the public officers of a district,
a county; and that, if the constitution or the law
chose to take away that authority before it had
been executed by a subscription, then, undoubt-
edly, it was their right to do so, on the ground
that the States have power to revoke all muni-
cipal coporations whatsoever; taking care, in re-
voking the corporation, that no one shall be de-
prived of rights of property which have vested,
or that the property which belongs to the corpo-
lation shall go to those who are entitled to it.
That is the substance of the decision in the Dart-
mouth College case; and that is what the Supreme
Court, in the ease from Indiana, laid down as a
principle of law. 1 have the printed opinion of
the court; and I suppose this to be the case (for I
cannot find another relating to it) to which the
honorable Senator from Georgia alluded.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is it.
Mr. BAYARD. The language of Judge Camp-
bell, in speaking of that question, in this lndianva
case, was:
" Without stopping to inquire whether or not the power
concerted upon tlx* boaul of commissioners in the charter
and amendments oi tin* raihoad company, in the form and
witli the conditions therein mentioned, constitutes a con-
tract, the court is of opinion that, m view of the body upon
winch the powei is eonieiied, and of the natuieot the
power itself/no such contract existed, if any, ;is it; contem-
plated by this clause ot the Fcdcial Constitution. The
power or authority contained in the ehaiter, and out of
which the right in question i* claimed to arise, conferred
upon the county, a public corporation, or civd institution
ot government, and upon public oihceis employed in ad-
mmisteimg its law*; and the powei oi authoutj itselt con-
cerns tins body m its political capacity.
'• Chief Justice Marshall observed, in Dartmouth College
vs. Woodward, (4 Wheaton, 607.) that the wo -d contract,
in it-> broadest sense, would eumpichend the political icla-
tions between the Government and its citizens; would ex-
tend to ofijees held within a State for State purposes, and
to many ot those laws concerning civil institution*, winch
must change with circumstance*, and be modified by oidi-
nary legislation, which deeply concern the public, and
which, to preseive good government, the public judgment
must control. J3ut he ob-erve<, tlh' fiameis oi the Consti-
tution did not intend to rectiain the States in the i cguKuion
ol then civil m.-titutions adopted lor internal government;
and that the monument they Juive given us is not to be =o
constiued, (p. G^'J,) Ami Mi .Justice Washington observed,
in the same ease, (p 633.) m re*pcctfo public corporations,
which exist only (or public pin poses sneh as towns, cities,
See., the Legislature may, umlerpiopertiniitauons, change,
modity, enlarge, or icetiam them; securing, however, the
piopertv (or tile use of those for whom, and at whose ex-
pense, it was purchased. (S^e aUo p. 693-4.;
'•it would be diificult to mention a .subject of legislation
ot more public concern, oi in a gi eater degree afteetmg the
good government of the eouuty, than that involved m the
present inquiry. The powei conferred upon the board of
eoinmi*«ioneis bv the provision- ot the charter, among other
things, embraced the power ot taxation, this being the ulti-
mate jeson of paying both the principal and interest of the
j debt to be ineuned In the subscription and issuing of the
1 bonds."
