1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
:'ir
The bill was read. It directs that the sum of
$59,576 be allowed to Hockaday & Liggit,in full
payment for damages sustained by them in re-
duction of pay for carrying the mails on route
No. 8911; and that said amount be paid to Wil-
liam Liggit, for and on account of Hockaday &
Liggit, and for their benefit.
ft appears from the report that Hockaday en-
tered into contract, on the 8th of April, 1858, with
the PostmasterGeneral, to carry the United States
mail weekly from St. Joseph, in the State of Mis-
souri, to Great Salt Lake City, in the Territory
of Utah,for the sum of $190,000 per annum; that
noon after, William Liggit became a full partner
with said Hockaday in said contract. It appears
in evidence that service was commenced on said
route on the 1st of May, 1858; that it was faith-
fully and satisfactorily performed according to the
contract. On the 7th of April, 1859, the contractor
was notified, by direction of the PostmasterGen-
eral, that it had been decidcd to reduce the ser-
vice from a weekly to a semi-monthly mail, and
the compensation would be reduced to §125,000
per annum. Against this action on the part of the
Postmaster General the contractor remonstrated,
stating in reply that such action was not contem-
plated nor provided for in the original contract.
The contractor stated that a change ofservice from
weekly to semi-monthly mails would not dimin-
ish, but would increase the expense of carrying
them. This view of the case seems to be sup-
ported by the most ample testimony. The me-
morialists set forth' that the failure of the annual
Post Office appropriation bill impaired their credit,
and diminished their resources to such an extent
as* to subject them to great loss, but presenting in
their case, however, no obstacle to the prosecu-
tion of the contract that was insurmountable; but
when added to this a curtailment of the service and
a reduction of the pay to the amount of $65,000
per annum, without any diminution of theexpense,
it involved them in irretrievable ruin. Thus, at a
single blow, the accumulations, in Mr. Liggit's
case, of a long life of virtuous toil, were swept
away, his family beggared; and his partner, Mr.
Hockaday, discouraged and disheartened, retired
to Salt Lake City, where ho now remains in a
state of mental and physical debility, which dis-
qualifies him from bestowing any attention what-
ever to his business. The contract was transferred
by Hockaday & Co. to the present contractors,
who have performed the service, according to the
original contract, in a manner entirely satisfactory
to the Department, preferring to carry the mail
weekly rather than semi-monthly at the same
price, alleging, as in the case of Hockaday & Co. ,
that it is less expensive for them to carry the mail
weekly than semi-mo thly.
The memorialists ask Congress to indemnify
them to the amount of §65,000, as that is the sum
which will be saved to the Treasury, by the action
of the Post Office Department, up to July next;
but also declaring that this sum will not cover
their loss by a very large'amount.
The SP EAKER. Is there any objection to the
passage of the bill?
Mr. BRANCH. How is this bill before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it already before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman who lias this bill in charge, whether there
is any allegation that the Government failed to
comply with its contract?
Mr. NOELL. That is the very ground of the
bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to hear from the
gentleman having charge of the bill, if gentlemen
will permit it. I wish to know whether there is
any allegation in this case that the Government
failed to comply with its contract with these in-
dividuals ? . it
Mr. ALLEY. Yes, sir. That is the chief point
upon which the case rests. These individuals
contracted with the Government to carry the mails
from St. Joseph to Salt Lake City, weekly, for
$190,000 per annum. But the Government re-
duced the service from a weekly to a semi-monthly
one, by reason of the non-appropriation by the
last Congress of money to pay the mail contract-
ors. The consequence of that reduction of ser-
vice, and of the non-appropriation of money,
caused a failure of these parties. The reduction
of the service from a weekly to a semi-monthly
one increased the cost to the parties of perform-
ing the service, instead of reducing it, while the
Department, at the same time, reduced the pay
from §190,000 to $125,000 per annum.
Mr. BRANCH. Let me ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether the Government did
not, in the contract which these parties signed,
reserve the right to reduce the service at its pleas-
ure, leaving to the parties the choice either to per-
form the reduced service at a pro rata compensa-
tion, or to throw up the contract?
Mr. ALLEY. Such a stipulation was contained
in the contract; and a similar provision is con-
tained in the contract of every mail contractor
with the Government, with the exception of the
contractors for the Butterfield route. But that docs
not alter the equity of the case at all.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a remark just here ?
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. These parties were,
under their contract, carrying the mail weekly on
one of the main routes, over the plains from St.
Joseph, Missouri, to Salt Lake City, supplying,
as you know, the mail to the Army, and the set-
tlementsalor.gthe route,atFortsKearny and Lar-
amie, and Pike's Peak. The service was reduced
by the Department from a weekly to a semi-
monthly one;and the testimonyof many officers of
the Army, of the postmasters along the route, and
of many citizens, shows that this change, instead
of reducing the expenses of the parties, actually
increased them, by reason of the accumulation of
large amounts of mail matter for two weeks, which
required the use of two four-horse coaches. This
doubled the force employed, and required them
to purchase double the number of horses, double
the number of coaches, and double the numbcrof
men. The reduction to a semi-monthly service
took off $65,000 per annum of their pay, while it
increased by thirty, forty, or fifty per cent, the
expenses of the contractors. When the appro-
priation bill for the payment of mail contractors
failed last Congress, these parties were crippled;
but they applied to one of my colleagues, Mr.
Woodson, and other gentlemen of property, and
secured the assistance of their indorsement until
this Congress could relieve them.
Soon after that, this order of the Department
reducing the service and the pay was shown to
Colonel Woodson and those other gentlemen, and
they were obliged to abandon these parties to their
fate. Thus they were broken up, and driven from
the field, at an immense sacrifice of their horses,
coaches, and other property. The private prop-
erty of one of-these parties is now in the hands
of the sheriff, to satisfy debts created by reason
of the action of the Post Office Department. The
other party, discouraged and disheartened, has
retired to Salt Lake City, out of health, and out
of mind, too, as we are informed.
We now propose, by this bill, to give them, not
an original appropriation, but to give them just
the money now in the United States Treasury
which belongs to them by the original contract.
The calculation was made by me for the commit-
tee, and I found that they have been kept out of
some fifty-nine thousand dollars. As we have
proved that they were driven from their semi-
monthly trips to weekly trips, we propose to pay
them that amount.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman speaks of
withholding $59,000 from these parties. Do I
understand him to say that it is proposed by this
bill to authorize the Postmaster General t.o pay
over to them fines and forfeitures which he has
withheld in consequence of their failure to com-
ply with their contract?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir. By the
reduction of the service and pay, they were kept
out of some fifty-nine thousand dollars, which
they would have received, if no change had been
made. The Government stopped that amountof
the original pay, which they would have had if
the Department had not reduced the.service. The
proof is that the service was, in fact, increased
above what it would have been had they been
permitted to go on and perform the service weekly
m one-horse coaches. It is proved that they, in
fact, performed all the service they were originally
to perform, and the committee recommend that
Congress shall give them what belongs to them.
Mr. BRANCH. It appears, then, that these
parties made a contract with the Government, in;
the usual form, to, perform a stipulated service.
The ordinary clause was contained in that con-
tract, by which the Postmaster General reserved
the privilege of reducing the service at his pleas-
ure.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will say to the .
gentleman that neither the contract nor the law
gives to the Postmaster General any such power.
The Postmaster General has power to reduce
the service whenever the public interest may re-
quire it. But the excuse he gives in his orders to
all these contractors, so far as I have read them—
and I have read a great many of them—was not
that the public interest required the reduction of
the service, but that Congress having failed to ap-
propriate money to pay the contractors, he was
obliged to reduce the expenses of th? Post Office
Department to a revenue standard.
Mr. BRANCH. I asked the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] who reported the
bill, at the outset, whether there was not reserved,
in the contract,the privilege of reducingthe service
at the pleasure of the Post Office Department? He
replied in the affirmative; and I was very ready
to believe ho was correct, because I knew t|iat
such stipulations are embraced in all mail con-
tracts which I know anything about. I under-
stand, also, the gentleman from Massachusetts to
say that such a reservation is contained in every
contract, with the exception of the Butterfield
contract. I therefore assumed, and still assume,
this contract reserved to the Postmaster General
the privilege of reducing this service at his pleas-
ure. The facts, as I understand them, are briefly
these: these pai'tics made a contract with the Gov-
ernment to carry a mail, the privilege being re-
served to the Postmaster General to reduce or
increase the service at his pleasure, upon allow-
ing a pro rata compensation. They entered into
this contract with a knowledge of all the liabili-
ties winch the contract imposed upon them with
reference to an increase or reduction in the amount
of service.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a legal question right here?
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentleman
to look at the act of 1836—if he .has not already
done so—and he will agree with me that the Post-
master General had .no legal right to reduce the
service, because Congress failed to place money
at his disposal.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri, as a simple matter of fact, whether,
under the contract signed by tliese parties and
the Postmaster General, the privilege was reserved
to reduce the service?
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I believe it was.
Mr. BRANCH. That settles the whole mat-
ter.
Mr. CRAIG, ofMissouri. No, sir; the reduc-
tion was in the face and eyes of an act of Con-
gress.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I think not.
Mr. ALLEY. I only yielded it to the gentle-
man from North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I beg the gentleman's
pardon for occupying it so long.
Mr. ALLEY. I should be glad to hear the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. BRANCH. Gentlemen around me have
consumed all my time, or' I should have been
through.
Mr. ALLEY. I think there are clear and ex-
plicit answers to every question the gentleman
has asked, and which will commend themselves
to the good judgment and sense of justice of the
House. •
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from North Carolina is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. I understood so,and will get
through in three minutes, if gentlemen will allow
me to go on uninterruptedly.
Well, then, Mr. Speaker, it being admitted that
the privilege was reserved by the PostmasterGen-
eral of reducing the service at his pleasure, and
that he has, in the exercise of his discretion, re-
duced the service, and allowed to these parties a
pro rata compensation under the contract which
the party signed, if they did not ehoose to eon-
