I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
36ti-i Cong.... 1st Sess.
Territorial Policy—Mr. Vandever.
Ho. of Reps.
bring them under the christianizing; influences of
the peculiarly disinterested philanthropy of our
southern brethren. Ho! all ye nations, bring on
your heathen, in this utilitarian age and coun-
try cotton planting and the millennium go hand in
hand.
A man may also stand upon this platform of the
Democraticparty,andrepudiateevery sentiment of
the fathers denunciatory of slavery; may deride
their warnings as " false in theory and unsound in
fact;" may even limit the significance of the Dec-
laration of Independence to but one portion of the
human family; may denounce the laws for the
suppression of the African slave trade " as a foul
blot upon our statute-book." They may even
say that the election of a man to the Presidency
by the suffrages of the people of this country, in
a constitutional manner, who entertains opinions
different from those entertained by gentlemen from
another portion of the country, will afford suffi-
cient cause fpr a dissolution of this Union.
The man who has performed all this service for
his party certainly ought to have a presidential
nomination at the hands of the Democracy. I
know it is objected to him by some of his party
friends that he has not always stood true to their
measures; that he faltered upon enforcing the Lc-
compton constitution upon the people of Kansas;
and that he entertains some peculiar views upon
the subjcct of popular sovereignty.
The alleged fault is, that at a critical moment
he turned upon h&political friends, and voted with
the enemy. His constituency, however, had risen
in indignant rebuke of Lecompton. A senatorial
election was at hand. To sustain himself at home,
it became necessary that he should repudiate all
connection with the intended wrong of forcing
a slave constitution upon an unwilling people
against their solemn protest. Duty and self-inter-
est were coincident, and this man of pluck, as he
lias been called, spit in the face of the Adminis-
tration. Many of our Republican friends had
great hopes of him; they thought it was a case
of real conversion; they labored with him as a re-
pentant soul. But, alas, for all their hopes, no
sooner had he secured the coveted boon of a re-
election, than he turned his back upon his new-
found friends and admirers, the companions of
his parlor conferences and all, and returned to the
bosom of the Democracy, to grace its triumphs
with the laurels lie had won. Strategy is one of
the arts of war. The politician as well as the gen-
eral understands this, and may profit by it.
Now, then, for the popular sovereignty of Mr.
Douglas, which is urged against him by many
of his party friends, and which is supposed to
link somewhere in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
After the senatorial election in Illinois, Mr. Doug-
las discoursed m this wise in the Senate, when
called to an account by his brother Democratic
Senators, for the seeming heresies he had been
promulgating. Speaking of the Kansas bill, he
said:
" We did not pretend to decide the question whether the
Tcrntoi ial Legislature had power or not to prohibit slavery,
but we did agiee to give them all the power wc had; and,
if they e\eicised it in sueh a manner as to violate the con-
stitutional nght* ot' any portion of the people, their remedy
is to be louud m an appeal to the Supreme Court, and not
to Congress."—Congressional Globe, Thirty-Fifth Congress,
second session, part-2, page 12j8.
And again, in the same speech, Mr. Douglas
says:
" Jf do not put slavery on a different footing from other
propeltv- T recognize it a0 pioperty under what is under-
stood to be the decision of the Supreme Court. I a^reethat
the owner of slaves has the same right to iemo\e to the
Territories, and eariy bis s-lavc propcity with him, a* the
owner of any other species of property, and to hold the
same subject to such local laws as the Terutoual Legisla-
ture may'constilutionally pass,"
Entertaining these views, what matters it if Mr.
Douglas does admit that Territorial Legislatures
may pass law^ unfriendly to slavery? He will
not defend their light to do so. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill, he says, confers upon the territo-
rial government all the power which Congress
possessed over the subject; but it does not pretend
to decide the right of a Territory to exclude sla-
very. It gives the master the right to carry his
slave property there, and to hold it subject only
to such laws as the Legislature may constitution-
ally pass. The Dred Scott decision, say one fac-
tion of the Democratic party, has already settled
it, that neither Congress nor the Territorial Le-
gislature can prohibit slavery m Territories. Not
so? say the other faction. The decision of the
court only settles the power of Congress. The
power of territorial governments was not involved
in the case; and so much of the opinion as relates
to the latter question is obiter dicta, and not bind-
ing. The difference, as it appears to my mind,
is not worth contending about. It is agreed upon
all hands that the court attempted to decide both
points; and it is therefore plain that, having given
such an intimation in the Dred Scott opinion, the
court will be pretty certain to settle the question
in favor of slavery, and against popular sover-
eignty, on the first favorable occasion. Now,
whatever may be the real point of difference be-
tween Mr. Douglas and others ofthe Democratic
party, in regard to the powers of a territorial gov-
ernment, they all agree to submit the question of
power to the final arbitrament of the Supreme
Court. Who can doubt the result? As that court
is at present constituted, the character of its de-
cisions on the slavery question can be surmised
with as much certainty aa upon the question of
the power of Congress to charter a national bank.
I do not speak this disparagingly of the court, for
I believe the judges—all of them—to be upright,
conscientious, learned, and patriotic men. But
they are of like passions with the rest of us—may
be swayed by passion or by prejudice. They
cannot wholly divest themselves of the bias re-
suiting fromlong habit, association, or education.
There is no peculiar virtue in judicial ermine to
^•aise the standard of human nature, and to clear
the understanding of all doubt and obscurity. In-
dependence of the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment cannot be safely trusted to a judiciary
which is not subject at all to the control of the
elective franchise. If we assign it such a power
and position we constitute it an oligarchy at once,
and it becomes an independent, not a coordinate
department of the Government. Upon this point
I need not dilate, for the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] most ably treated that
subject the other day. Why, sir, under such a
doctrine as this professed by the popular-sover-
eignty Democracy, should the Supreme Court in
the Lemmon case now pending, decide that a man
from the South may take his slaves into a free
State, and there hold them for temporary con-
venience, the supposed boast of a southern Sen-
ator that he will yet call the roll of his slaves un-
der the shadow of Bunker Hill, may be fulfilled.
And should Mr. Douglas, or any other Demo-
crat, then be President, he may say, under the
decision of the court, as Mr. Buchanan said in
regard to the other question, "that he is surprised
how any one could ever have doubted the right."
But let us come back to the legislation of 1854—
the Kansas-Nebraska act—this corner-stone of
Democratic faith. It says that the Missouri com-
promise act was repealed because it does not agree
with the legislation of 1850. I have again to al-
lude to the declaration, befoTe quoted, from the
speech of Mr. Douglas in the Senate, " that the
owner of slaves lias the same right to remove to
the Territories, and carry his slave property with
him, as the owner of any other species of prop-
erty.55 Upon this the Democratic party predicates
its doctrine of non-intervention with slavery. I
propose to show that the non-intervention of 1850
is predicated upon an entirely different idea, at
least so far as Mr. Clay and those who sympa-
thized with him understood it. The foundation
of the compromise legislation of 1850, was Mr.
Clay's celebrated resolutions, introduced into the
Senate by him as the basis for the settlement of
an angry sectional controversy then agitating the
public mind and threatening the stability of the
Union. The war with Mexico had closed, and
we were about to dispose of the territory ac-
quired. Mr. Clay's second resolution affirmed
that, " Whereas, slavery does not now exist by
law in any of the territory recently acquired from
Mexico, and is not likely to be introduced, there-
fore, " &c., " it is inexpedient* to pass the Wil-
mot proviso." I quote from memory. Ilere you
see that the non-intervention of 1850 is predicated
upon the laW and the fact that slavery does not
exist in the Territories; while the non-interven-
tion of 1854 goes upon the opposit^ assumption,
that slavery does exist in the Territories.
I am glad to see present, Mr. Chairman, a mem-
ber from Ohio [Mr. Corwin] who was an actor
in the legislation of those days, and who can vouch
for the accuracy of my position. He knows that
the meiTwho passed the compromise measures of
1850 predicated their action upon the fact that
slavery did not exist by law in the acquired ter-
ritory, and that, therefore, it was unnecessary to
legislate it out. It was contended, to be sure,by
a distinguished gentleman from the South, that a
man had the same right to carry his slave into the
Territories that he had to carry his horse, just as
the Democratic party now contend; butMr. Clay
met that doctrine with his unqualified condemna-
tion. If I recollect rightly, the debates report
him to have said that it was the moa't indefensible
opinion ever uttered by man.
But we are not left even in doubt on this subject.
The compromise of 1850 did something more; it
had something to do with the territory embraced
within the Louisiana purchase, as^cil as with tho
territory we acquired from Mexico. The legisla-
tion of 1850, instead of repealing, reaffirmed the
Missouri compromise line of 1820; and, w;th ref-
erence to the boundary of Texas, Congress pro-
posed to give that State $10,000,000, one con-
dition of which was, that all that portion of the
territory lying: north of 36° 30' of north latitude,
included within the original Louisiana purchase,
should remain free, and that the States formed out
of it should be free States. The $10,000,000 paid
into the coffers of Texas was a ransom from the
Federal Treasury for the freedom of the States to
be formed out of that territory. Yet, sir, the legis-
lation of 1850 was made a pretext in 1854 for the
repeal of the Missouri compromise.
In the annals of the world there is, perhaps, but
one parallel for the facility with which the Dem-
ocratic party of to-day clothes its monstrous her-
esies in the garb of truth; and that is when Satan,
with dissembling speech, incited mother Eve to
treason against high Heaven, saying that she
should not surely die as a penalty for hei trans-
gression. Why, Mr. Chairman, so far from sanc-
tioning the doctrine of non-intervention with sla- *
vgry, the legislation of 1850 carried that doctrine
further than it had ever been carried before. It
proscribed that, upon a subdivision of Texas into
other States, thatportion of her territory included
within the original Louisiana purchase, lying
north of 36° 30' should be admitted into the Union
only as free States.
Again, the legislation of 1850abolished the do-
mestic slave trade in the District of Columbia—
in this particular also going a step beyond any
previous legislation. Does that look like non-
intervention? This fundamental article in the
Democratic creed will have to look somewhere
else for sanction than to the legislation of 1850.
Mr. Chairman, in this connection it is worthy
of note that, soon after the acquisition of Louis-
iana, Congress prohibited not only the foreign
slave trade from being carried on with that Ter-
ritory, but also forbid the introduction there of
slaves from the States as merchandise. This hu-
mane law was revived, and continued from time
to time, and it remained in operation until super-
seded by the compromise act of 1820, and never
was repealed until the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act in 1854, which provides as follows:
"That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
revive, or put in force, any law or regulation which may
have existed prior to the actof 6th of Mai eh, 1830, either
pi olnbiting, establishing, protecting, or abolis.liin« slavery."
The effect of the legislation of 1854 has been
to revive the domestic slave trade between States
and Territories. It is a legitimate result of this
dogma that the Constitution recognizes the right
of the master to carry his slaves, as any other
property, into Territories. It makes the local law
ofthe slaveholding States the common law of the
land; and will lead, in time, if not checked, to the
revival of the foreign slave trade, the judicial
| repeal of the act prohibiting the domestic slave
j trade m this District, and to the recognized right of
! a slave-owner to carry his human chattels to New
York or Boston, and there hold them under the
protection of the Federal Government.
I conclude, then, Mr. Chairman, in regard to
this Kansas-Nebraska act, upon which the De-
mocratic party plants itself as embodying the
fundamental article of its creed, that it has fraud
