1712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13.
tinue the service at the reduced rate of compensa-
tion they had the right to throw up the service,
arid the Government could have claimed no pen-
alty from them; for the same clause which gives
to the Postmaster Gejieral the right to reduce the
service, gives to the contractors the right to give
up the contract, if they'do not choose to continue
it at the reduced rate of compensation.
It seems, however, that after this service was
reduccd, the parties continued to perform it, in
disregard of the order of the Postmaster General.
In contempt of the exercise of his authority, they
continued to perform the service in the manner
stipulated in the original contract; and now they
come forward, and ask that they shall be paid for
the service as though it had never been reduccd.
I take these to be the simple facts of the case.
While it is admitted that the Postmaster General
had a right to reduce the service; while it is ad-
mitted that he did legally reduce the service, these
parties refused to conform to his directions, and
went on to perform the service—not authorized
by their contract, not authorized bylaw; and now
they come before Congress and demand pay for
it; I would, at least before I can consent to the
passage of this bill, like to know whether the Post
Office Department recommend its passage;whcther
the Post Office Department has presented to the
House or to the committee any reason why these
parties should be put upon a different footing from
all the other mail contractors of the country.
If it is attempted to justify this claim on the
ground that the reduction was made in conse-
quence of the refusal of Congress to make an ap-
propriation, then I say there will be thousands of
similar cases all over the country. I am told that
there are many here already; and if wc arc to
establish the principle that parties are to be al-
lowed to go-on and perform services in defiance
of the orders of the Postmaster General, because
these orders were given in consequence of the fail-
ureof Congress to make an appropriation, I think
this matter ought to have more serious consider-
ation than is likely to be given to this bill. I, my-
self, cannot, as at present advised, admit that this
presents any ground for a claim upon this Gov-
ernment. I cannot consent that any case shall
pass here, without objection, which recognizes
the principle that ^ve arc to be made responsible
to parties, and that they are to be allowed to take
the law into their own hands, and to go on and
perform services not authorized by the Postmas-
ter General, and then come heic and claim com-
pensation for it on the ground that the Postmaster
General would not have ordered the reduction if
Congress had made an appropiiution.
Mir. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me for a moment or
two.
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
Has consent been given to bring this bill before
thi' House?
Several Members. Of course it has.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill makes an appro-
priation, and I desire to have it considered where,
under the rules, the law requires it to be consid-
ered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
unanimous consent was given, and the House has
gone on and discussed the question without objec-
tion. The Chair cannot, therefore, now take it
from before the House.
Mr. BURNETT. With the consent of the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Alley,] I
desire to say, that I dislike very much to differ with
my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Branch] ;
on any question. But this is one of the few claims !
that have been presented to Congress for relief \
which, in my judgment, demands all that has |
been asked. The objection urged by my friend i
from North Carolina is, that this bill ought not
to pass, because there was a clause in the contract
signed by the parties, authorizing the Postmaster
General to reduce the service. That is the whole of
his argument. Now the facts show this to be the
case: that these parties made a contract to carry
the mail from St. Joseph to Salt Lake City, at a
compensation of $190,000. The ordinary clause
for a reduction of the service was contained in the
contract—that the Postmaster General had aright
to reduce the service. These parties went in at
an immense expense, and expended large sums of
money for the purpose of stocking the road, which
involved a large expenditure. They went on and
earned the mail in accordance with their contract
literally, once a week, delivering the mail in ac-
cordance with the schedule and times fixed.
There is another fact, which gentlemen must
bear in mind, that, by the action of the last Con-
gress, we failed to make an appropriation to pay
the mail contractors of the country for the services
which they had performed. This applied to the
parties who arc now seeking relief from Congress.
Congress failed to make an appropriation. These
parties were embarrassed by reason of the failure
of the Government to pay them the sum stipulated
for carrying the mail. The first breach of the con-
tract, therefore, was on the part of the Federal
Government—they were the first violators of the
bond. These contractors, notwithstanding that
fact, went to outside parties, as the proof ex-
hibits, and through their friends secured means
for the purpose of enabling them to carry on the
n^ail m accordance with the contract. Then fol-
lows the order of the Post Office Department,
which says that, instead of carrying the mail once
a week, they should carry it twice a month. Now,
I want to call the attention of the gentleman from
North Carolina to this fact, which is abundantly
proved—for I have examined this case closely—
every single postmaster on that road, from Salt
Lake City back to St. Joseph,and the postmasters
at the intermediate offices,certifythatitcost these
parties more to carry the mail under the reduced
service than it did to carry it once a week. That
is the statement of the officials of the Post Office
Department. They say, in letters, that these men
were put to heavier and greater expense in carry-
ing the mail twice a month, than in carrying it
once a week. And why? It is shown, that under
the original contract they could carry the mail in
a four-horse wagon, or coach, by taking it once
a week. But under the reduced service the mail
was permitted to accumulate at the offices, and in-
steadof their being able to carry it in one wagon,
they were compelled to use two.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman from Ken-
tucky allow me to ask a question here? I under-
stand the gentleman from Kentucky to say that
every postmaster on the route certifies that it cost
these parties more to carry the mail once every
two weeks than once a week.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRANCH. Now, will the gentleman from
Kentucky explain to me—for it seems to me that
the postmasters prove too much—why, if two
wagons could carry the mail every two weeks,
could not these contractors have run one wagon
every week ? That would be precisely the original
contract. The mail would have been carried, and
would not have cost more than under the original
contract.
Mr BURNETT. The reason of the increased
cost is apparent when you recollect that, if they
had carried it once a week, the same team would
have answered; but by carrying it once every two
weeks, the contractors required a double number
of wagons and teams. They asked the privilege
of carrying it oncc a week. That is a matter of
record.
Now, these parties come on here, and what do
they ask? They show that the reduction to the
semi-monthly mail, instead of reducing their ex-
penditures, increased them. They show that there
was no laches upon the part of the contractors with
the Federal Government for carrying this mail.
They come into court with clean hands, and they
ask this Congress to do, what my friend from
North Carolina says he is willing to do—to give
them the amount nominated in the bond. That
is all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I see, from the re-
port, that the proposition is, to give these contract-
ors the amount which was saved to the Govern-
ment by the reduction of the service up to July of
this year. .Now, sir, I ask if these gentlemen are
now performing this service ? I understand that
they have sold out, and that other parties are now
performing this semi-monthly mail service.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no individual knowl-
edge upon this subject, further than what appears
on the record; but i will say to the gentleman from
Virginia, that so far as the records show, those
parties are still performing this mail service. Such
is the fact, as appears from the report of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think that is a
mistake. 1 understand that they have sold out
utterly.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. If the-gentleman
will allow me, 1 will explain how that matter is.
Mr. BURNETT. I will conclude what I have
to say in a minute, and then yield the floor. I
understand the proposition to be simply this: the
Government having failed to perform its obliga-
tions to these contractors, it is proposed to reim-
burse them for the loss which they have sustained
in consequence of the action of the Government.
It appears, in the second place, that when the
Government reduced the service on this route, the
effect, was not to reduce the expenditures of car-
rying the mail, but, on the contrary, instead of
putting them in a better condition, they had to in-
crease their expenditures, in order to comply with
their obligations. Having done all that they were
called on to do—having undertaken to perform
all the services that they contracted to perform—
I think they arc justly entitled to the relief which
they ask; and hence 1 shall vote for the bilL
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Now, sir, I will
not detain the House for three minutes upon this
subject. I desire to answer very briefly the ques-
tions propounded by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Branch,] and also those pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Smith.] I haveexaminod this subjectvery closely;
and if gentlemen will give me their attention, I
will answer their questions. The contract for
the performance of this mail service is now in the
hands of one of the original contractors. The
evidence shows that the original partnership was
driven ou\ of the field in consequence of the re-
duction made in the service, and made in conse-
quence of the failure of Congress to pass one of
the general appropriation bills, with a loss of more
than one hundred thousand dollars upon their
stock.
The gentleman from Virginia is mistaken in
relation to the allowance which this bill makes.
It does not make up the reduction to the 1st of
July, as the gentleman states. Such an allow-
ance would require an appropriation of $65,000.
This bill appropriates but $59,000, and, I oelieve,
runs to the 30th of Ma y.
Now, then, the gentleman from North Caro-
lina misapprehends the law. He says that the
contract and law both allowed the Postmaster
General to reduce this service, and reduce the pay
in pro rata proportion. I agree that the contract
has a clause of that description in it; but I refer
the gentleman to the law of 1836. That law pro-
vides that when the Postmaster General believes
the public interest requires a reduction of any
particular mail service, he ?hay make the order
for reducing it; but he can only do it for such a
reason. In these cases, however, it is plain that
the Postmaster General reduced the compensa-
tion to suit himself. In some instances he le-
duccd it fifty per cent.; in some, forty per cent.;
and in others thirty per cent. The Postmaster N
General, in answer to a letter addressed to him on
this subject, admits substantially that there was
no rule of law by which he was governed; and
that, in settling with these contractors, there was
no particular proportion*of reduction made.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri has any letter from the Postmaster General,
I should be glad if he will have it read, for I would
not willingly do these parties an injustice.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I have a letter from
the Postmaster General, to which I will refer pres-
ently. I will first answer the other branch of the
gentleman's question. The Postmaster General
reduced this service, with that on many of the
othcrroutes,for wantof money, in consequence of
the failure of the last Congress to appropriate the
necessary funds. He concedes in his letter that
he was driven to this course. The gentleman
wants to kno\f\vhat the Department thinks about
the propriety of making tins remuneration. I
will say to him that the Department is in favor of
making it. I have here a letter, written to one of
the other contractors similarly situated, in July
last, an extract from which I will read. The letter
was addressed to Mr. Bowler, by the Third Assist-
ant Postmaster General. He says:
a The Department can but regiet any losses you may
sustain by the annulment of yoin contract ; but as the
cour-sc adopted by the Postmaster Geneial was forced upon
him by Congress, that body will no doubt indemnify all
wb© will have sustained damage through its action."
