2656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6.
our Government acquired Louisiana, it pledged
itself to the other high contracting party to main-
tain and protect the inhabitants of the ceded ter-
ritory "in the free enjoyment of their liberty,
property, and the religion which they profess;"
a pledge which he could not doubt would be fully
redeemed. (3 Art. Treaty, April 30, 1803.)
And after the cession and occupation of Louis-
iana, which was consummated on the 20th of De-
cember, 1803, he found the following proceedings
in relation to this grant:
Ho found that there had been no concealment
;Of;this claim, either of its existence or of its size;
for in 1804 the owners of the land (which, by
diversesales, successions, and other transfers, had
become divided into three tracts) presented to
William C. C. Claiborne, the first Governor of
the Territory, appointed by President Jefferson,
"exercising the powers of Governor General and
Intendant of the province of Louisiana," their
petition for the survey of the tracts, for the pur-
pose " of ascertaining the outlines and boundaries
of said lands, with such precision as to avoid any
interference with the proprietors of neighboring
lands, and thereby prevent expensive suits;"and
that he should, at the same time, give " directions
io the proprietors of the adjoining patents to show
their boundaries to the said surveyor that he may
avoid any interference therewith," and to the
commandant of the district to protect him (the
surveyor) from all illegal disturbances in the
prosecution of the said work. (Senate Docu-
ment 45, p. 20, Twenty-Eighth Congress, second
session.)
He found that, upon this petition, Governor
Claiborne issued the following decree:
" The proprietors of laud adjoining tile tract within men-
tioned are requested to show their respective boundaries;
and the commandant of the distiict, if necessary, will ex-
tend to the Muveyor his protection.'> (Same, p. 21.)
It is not questioned that it was the right and
duty of the Spanish Governor General and Intend-
ant of Louisiana, to order and direct surveys of
land which had been granted by the Crown;and
surely a survey made under the rule of one who,
by our own law, succeeded to all their powers,
must certainly be held equal in dignity and ver-
ity to any made under the Spanish Government.
The extent of the powers of Governor Claiborne,
and the necessity for them, 1 find graphically de-
scribed by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
chairman of the committee which I referred to,
and read the Other day. These powers are eon-
fened by the act of October 31, 1803. (Statutesat
Large, vol. 2, p. 245.)
He found that one Lafon, a surveyor, deputed
by the surveyor general of the United States for
all lands south of Tennessee, did make surveys
and returned plats of each of the tracts into which
the grant had been divided; and which had be-
come vested respectively in William Conway,
Daniel Clark and Donaldson and Scott. That in
those returns the lands were described and were
platted as follows:
William Conway's land was surveyed and
platted as fronting on the Mississippi, bounded on
tho side by two lines opening towards the rear,
'the upper one running north 9° 15' east, and three
hundred and fifty-one arpents deep, (thirteen
miles and one fourth,) and extending to the river
Amite; and the other line running in a certain des-
ignated direction by the compass, that is, north
70° east for 1776, or 07° east for 1804, and ex-
tending in depth four hundred and iifty-fivc ar-
pents, (nearly seventeen miles,) to lake Maure-
pas, bounded south by the Mississippi, west by
Daniel Clark, north by the river Amite, and east
by another tract of Simon Lanau. (Senate Doc-
ument 45, p. 6.)
Daniel Clark's land was surveyed and platted
as fronting on the Mississippi, bounded on one
side—on Conway's tract—by a side line running
north 90 15'east, and three hundred and fifty-one
arpents deep, (thirteen miles;) and on the side on
Donaldson and Scott's tract, by a line running
north 13° 45' west, and three hundred and eighty
arpents in depth, (fourteen miles;) so as to extend
on the north to the rivers Amite and Ibeiville.
(Same, pp. 13 and 13.)
The land of Donaldson and Scott was surveyed
and platted as part of the Houmas tract, fronting
on the Mississippi, bounded by one side line"
which ran north 50° west, four hundred and sixty
arpents, fifteen toises, (over seventeen miles,) to
the river Iberville; and by the other side line,
which was the dividing line from Daniel Clark,
and which ran north 130 45' west, three hundred
and eighty arpents, (fourteen miles,) to the same
river, Iberville. (Same, p. 17.)
In all these returns, the surveyor attests their
accordance with the surveys he had made about
the river Iberville in the year 1803—before our
occupation of the country.
He found that as soon as this Government,
under the act of 1805, organized the commission
to adjudicate land titles in the Territory of Lou-
isiana, the owners, respectively, of each of the
three divisions of the Houmas grant, put in their
claims in proper form before the board, describing
the land according to the survey of Lafon, and
filing plats to show the exact extent of their claim;
in each case mentioning the depth they claimed
by course and distance, (as well as by its exten-
sion to the river Amite,) to the back boundary.
Finally, he found that the commissioners con-
firmed the land as claimed by the petitioners, fol-
lowing in their decrees the descriptions of Lafon's
survey, and of tho respective petitions, giving the
shape, boundaries, and dimensions, then, now,
and at all times, claimed by the confirmees or
their successors in interest. (Same document,
45, p. 5.)
This was the claim of title previously and then
existing. Upon the faith of all tins, General
Hampton bought for a large price the interest of
Daniel Clark in the Houmas grant, and imme-
diately entered upon the execution of a scheme
of building up an estate of large proportions upon
the lower Mississippi. Uninterrupted in the en-
joyment of his lands, unchallenged in his title,
General Hampton was induced, a few years later,
to purchase a further interest in the grant.
Adjoining the tract which he had purchased
from Daniel Clark lay another portion of the
Houmas grant, confirmed to Messrs. Donaldson
and Scott at the same time with the confirmation
to Daniel Clark. Ey a judicial sale, under a
mortgage from Donaldson to the succession of
Daniel Clark, this tract, by the description of
" the mill and the land on which it stands," was
conveyed to one Carlos Dc Armas, from whom,
about 1815 or 1816, General Hampton bought.
It appears to me very plainly, from the statement
of facts as detailed by the superior court of Lou-
isiana, in the case of Moore vs. Hampton, ^Lou-
isiana Annual Reports, p. 193,) that before our
occupation of the territory, the owners of the tract
had built their mill 011 the northwestern portion
of the tract as now claimed, and there conducted
their operations. Be that as it may, this is cer-
tain: that, no single objection having been made
by our Government, General Hampton was in-
duced to purchase the whole tract which lay along-
side of and bounded upon his Clark tract, and to
extend his improvements and bestow his labor
upon his latter purchase also.
The supreme court of Louisiana has had this
purchase under their examination, and have sanc-
tioned the title which Hampton thus acquired to
the full extent of the boundaries claimcd by Don-
aldson confirmed to him, and actually occupied
by him with a possessio pedis. Can tho Senate
overlook this solemn act of the supreme court of
the State in which the land lies? That tribunal,
accustomed to examine such grants, learned in the
laws, usages, and customs of the Spanish Gov-
ernment and people, saw nothing startling in the
extent or boundaries. With what face can the
United States, after luring a man on to such pur-
chases, now demand of his grandchildren to show
cause why their property should not be confis-
cated ?
The first intimation by any officer of the Gov-
ernment of any doubt as to the extent of the grant,
was not until 1829. As to the various opinions
since then expressed on the subject, they are be-
fore the Senate, and the Senate will judge of the
arguments employed on both sides, and make the
comparison of their respective soundness and cor-
rectness. It scarcely seems to me to strengthen !
the opinions of Mr. Solomon Burchard, of the i
Land Office, that, in order to arrive at his conclu-
sions, he complacently overrules the chief decis-
ions of the Supreme Court on the subject of Span-
ish grants, carefully prepared as they were, and
solemnly announced by Story and Marshall.
Be this as it may, it still remains certain that
the only tribunal authorized by law to exami/ie this
claim, (the commissioner of 1805)—the only one
which acted under the'sanction and responsibility
of, to say the least, a quasi-judicial oath and sta-
tion—confirmed the grant as now claimed, and
under their confirmation the claimants, or their
predecessors, bought, paid, worked, and hold.
Suppose General Hampton were still alive, and
presenting himself with these muniments of title
in his hands, with evidence of long toil, vast out-
lays, and beneficial results; could it seem any-
thing but a fraud on the part of the Government
to unsettle any title of his? After inviting his
grantor to submit his title to their own tribunal;
after a bona fide purchase for an immense consid-
eration; after inducing him, by non-objection to
the confirmation on their part, to double his pur-
chases and increase his outlays; by what terms
could we characterize the effort, at this day, to
compel him to do over again what was done by his
grantor fifty-four years ago; that is, to try his title
against the Government de novo.
His grantor was successful, and proved his
title clearly. Will the Government, in its own
matter, after a decision against it of more than a
half century's standing, after resting upon it, and
inviting the accrual of enormous interests, now
arbitrarily order a new trial? Does it weaken
the case, that the parties now here demanding
justice are the successors and purchasers under
this former bona fide purchaser, and that some of
them are minors? When the estate of General
Hampton was divided, the whole of his Houmas
lands, as now and always claimed, were taken
into consideration; and such of the heirs as re-
ceived them for their portion had to give up, in
consideration of their value, large interests in
South Carolina to other of his representatives.
Thus are they now doubly purchasers of their
property for valuable consideration.
There are other persons also affected by the
proposed legislation. Soon after the last war
with Great Britain, General Hampton sold por-
tions of his tract to different persons in his neigh-
borhood, who also proceeded to develop the land;
and their representatives now hold valuable sugar
estates under General Hampton's title.
Thus, almost every modification of which prop-
erty is susceptible, took place under the Spanish
Government, and lias taken place under our own
upon the faith of the decision of 1806. Taxes
have been paid; deeds have been given; devises
made; descents cast; insolvencies occurred; se-
curities given and taken; judicial §ales forced;
partitions made and suits decided. Yet, at the
end of fifty-four years from the date of the decis-
ion of our own tribunal, at the end of eighty-two
years from the first sale of this land, the whole
title is to be set afloat; and at the end of that long;
period the unfortunate owners must do what has
never been required before, be put a second time
to the proof of every particle of so ancient a title.
I call upon Senators to remember that the diffi-
culty of proving title, after a certain time, in-
creases with a geometrical progression; as the
life tables show the accelerated mortality of old
age. At the time of their occurrence, many facts
are in the knowledge of a whole community; a
few years diminish the number of witnesses, and
before the other cares and objects of life the event
fades even in their memory. A few years longer,
time and death do their appointed work, and
finally the period arrives when the last witness first
loses all memory of the event, and then passes
from the scene.
But, it is said, the board of 1805 was only to
report to Congress for its action. Granted; but
the board did report, and reported favorably, and
Congress never acted against it. It is a settled
maxim of jurisprudence, in all systems of law
known to civilized and intelligent men: " Qui
tacet. quando retare debet, consentire videtur;,y he
who is silent when it is his duty to speak, consents.
This is a rule, not only of municipal, but of public
law. In no forum, either of law or of morals,
can an individual or a nation be heard when they
would set up their own neglect of duty against a
right claimed, and for a long time enjoyed in good
faith. Is 110 presumption to spring from a claim
long made, openly stated, publicly enjoyed' Is
time to sanctify nothing? Are all the teachings
of all law to be forgotten when we are consider-
ing this matter? Are men to be encouraged to
large outlays, great toil, and just expectations for
a half century, and then to be condemned to the
