692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the work. The person in the actual performance
of the duty ought to get the interest or damages,
and not the person who has taken the contract
from the Government and let it to somebody else.
I therefore propose,after the word "contractor,"
in line five of section three, to insert the words
'f or sub-contractors," and then in line six, after
the word " mail," to insert the words " who ac-
tually performed the service." It will then read:
" To tile contractors or sub-contractors for carrying the
mail, who actually performed tile service."
There is a large class of cases m which persons
about the Departments here take contracts in
many of the States—I know many of that class
of cases—and then let them out to other people
who do the duty. Those who have done the
service are the persons who have been put to this
great inconvenience, and they are the men who
are entitled to the compensation; and the money
ought to be paid to them rather than to the original
contractor who sub-lets. The man who had to
buy supplies, and was out of iftoney to buy his
stock to carry on the work, is the person who is
entitled to the damages. I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Have we passed the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia?
the PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reconsider it for
the purpose of suggesting this difficulty. It seems
to me, we are departing from the original con-
tract, and changing the liability of the Govern-
ment as much in that instance as if we were un-
dertaking to pay the assignees. Wo have nothing
to do with the sub-contractors. It is the con-
tractor with whom we deal. He it is who is re-
sponsible to us, and not his agent; and he it is
who could make the claim for damages. My idea
was to pay the interest to the person who could
make the claim for damages, and I am afraid to
depart from the original contract.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend is entirely mistaken.
These sub-contractors are acccpted by the De-
partment. They actually do the service. One
man takes a contract, say for $10,000, and he sub-
lets it to another for $9,000. That letting has to
be affirmed by the Department. He is the rec-
ognized person there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me ask the Senator
from Georgia if he means that the man who does
the work for §9,000 should get the interest on
$10,000?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; on the §9,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But would he not, accord-
ing to the Senator's amendment, get the whole?
Mr. TOOMBS. The contractor, or ihe sub-
contractor, who actually performs the work, is
the man who ought to be paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the sub-contractor does
■* the work for §9,000, and the contract is §10,000,
would not the sub-contractor get interest on the
whole §10,000.
Mr.TOOMBS. He might. None ought to be
given to the other. The other contractor loses
nothing, and has no claim in equity or law to
damages or interest in any shape or form. What
claim has a man who takes a contract from the
Government for $10,000, and lets it to a sub-con-
tractor for §9,000, for interest or damages?
Mr. DAVIS. It strikes me that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Georgia is clearly
equitable and just. The man who took the con-
tract and sub-lotted rt, l-eceivei his money from
the sub-contractor. He incurred no additional
expense; he incurred no delay; he got his money
from the sub-contractor, and lias no claim on the
Government. 11 is the sub-eontractor who suf-
fered from the delay of appropriations.
Mr. RICE. The sub-contractor is the con-
tractor in every other respect, because when the
contractor assigns his contract to the sub-con-
tractor, and it meets with the approval of the De-
partment, the original contractor is released, and
the sub-contractor is known, and the only person
known, to the Department as the contractor. In
all cases, where a contractor lets to a sub-con-
tractor, he lets it with the approval of the Depart-
ment, and the sub-contractor is substituted as the
original contractor; or if not, the thing is a nullity.
I believe that is the state of the case.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator from Min-
nesota states it correctly. We are now legislating,
however, to provide for a case which does not
arise under the laws—the payment of interest.
What construction the legislation we are to make
will receive is doubtful. The amendment of the
Senator from Georgia makes it clear. But as the
original contractor, who might be esteemed the
person referred to in the law, has no claim on the
Government—is not, in point of fact, as the Sena-
tor from Minnesotastates, the contractor for whom
we are making this provision—did not perform the
service, it seems to me, the amendment is clearly
correct.
Mr. RICE. Permit me to suggest that the
amendment is useless, because there is no such
thing as a sub-contractor known to the Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. He is not the original bidder.
Mr. RICE. There is no such thing as a sub-
contractor known to the Department; the contract-
or is known there, and he is either the man who
made the original bid, or the man who occupies
the place of the original contractor by transfer.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no preferenceforlanguage,
so that the idea is expressed.
Mr. RICE. There is but one class of contract-
ors known at the Department. There arc nu-
merous cases at the Department of sub-contractors
coming in, but they are then received in place of
the original contractors, and are known there as
contractors.
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe the practice of
the Department has been this: when there is a
contract made by the Depaitmcnt for the trans-
portation of the mail, if the contractor assigns his
whole contract over to a third person, that person
may be received, and if satisfactory to the De-
portment he issreceived, as a substitute for the
other, giving the proper securities, and he is then
known on the books of the Department, and the
Department deals .with him as if he were an ori-
ginal contractor; but ho must be the assignee of
the whole contract. The sub-letting of parts to
this man, that mail, and the other, as is frequently
done, is unknown to the Department altogether.
They have not the names of these sub-contractors.
Under-lctters are not known there. They do not
deal with them; give no orders to them. It is
only the contractor who originally took the con-
tract, or the person to whom he assigned the whole
contract, and who has been received in his place,
that is known there. That I believe to be its true
condition. Now I think that undertaking to deal
with the persons that sub-let would be requiring
the Department to take notice of people whom
they have no means of knowing.
Mr. TOOMBS. The explanation given by both
the Senators shows precisely the nece'ssity for
this amendment. I speak what I do know when
I say, that there is a class of people who lie about
Washington city, who have some means of inform-
ation, somehow or other, and they take a whole
batch of contracts for carrying the mail in Texas
or Arkansas, or somewhere else, and Uley take a
contract perhaps for ^50,000, and then sub-let it to
responsible persons for $40,000. I do not intend
that such people shall have this money, if I can
help it. J desire that the men who took the con-
tract for the $40,000, and who earned the mail,
shall have it. If you will say in the bill that no-
body shall have this money but the people who
actually carried the mail, I shall be content; but
on what principle will Congress give a man dam-
ages who has never been damaged at all; who has
done no public service except prowling about this
city and getting information, probably improp-
erly, through the Departments, so as to get con-
tracts, and then sell them out to honest men for a
profit? I do not think such a man ought to have
the money, and he never shall have it by my vote.
Mr. RICE. The ScnatormakesamisEakc. The
original contractor cannot draw the pay when he
has assigned the contract to a sub-contractor; the
original contractor cannot receive the money if
the assignment has been recognizcd by the De-
partment. If it has not been recognized, it is a
mere private agreement, and the Department has
nothing to do4fcith it.
Mr. TOOMBS. My friend and I do not agree.
I am not pretending to explain the various de-
vices by which they do the thing; but I wantthis
money to go to the men who have carried the
mail, and who have suffered by not getting the
pay. If y6u can fix the amendment better than
1 have done; if your knowledge of the matter en-
ables you to use better language to accomplish
the object, very well; but I do not wish the man
who lias done no service, and who has not been
injured by non-payment, to get the money. If
you mean to give it to those people who arc prowl-
ing about here, because they are nominally the
legal contractors, I am opposed to it.
Mr. RICE. I do not acknowledge any one
prowling about here for any purpose whatever.
I think my friend from Georgia is mistaken in re-
gard to one point. I ask him this question: would
lie have a sub-contractor, who had not been ac-
knowledged as such by the Department, included
in his amendment ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly, I would. He is
the meritorious man.
Mr. RICE. Very well, sir. You may go back
in the history of this Government to the begin-
ning, and act oil that principle, and there is not
money enough in the Treasury of the United
States, and will not be for years, to pay all the
people who would come within that class of cases.
There may be private arrangements, made by a
large contractor, with forty different persons.
Perhaps he has never paid them. They did^ not
make a contract with him on the credit of the
Government. They made their agreements with
him as an individual, and upon his individual re-
sponsibility. In many instances, sub-contractors
have been defrauded of their pay. If the Gov-
ernmentundertakes to stepin, and redress all such
wrongs, it will open adoor thatwill not be closed
for the next ten years. So far as sub-contractors
have been acknowledged by the Government as
such, and they cannot legally be sub-contractors
unless they are acknowledged, this bill author-
izes the payment of the money to them. Several
cases of the same kind have been brought to my
notice.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would suggest to the
honorable Senator from Georgia to amend his
amendment by the insertion of two or three words.
After saying, " who have actually pei formed the
service," let him add, " and who nave been ac-
cepted by the Department.''5
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the object; and that
will give it to exactly the wrong men. There is
a large class of cases such as my friend from Min-
nesota has spoken of. I am aware of the evil to
which he has alluded. My amendment, however,
opens no case but the one which it mentions spe-
cifically. You are now proposing to give a bounty.
You are not giving legal damages or legal interest;
but you are going to give interest as damages for
not having paid these people promptly. They
have suffered by non-payment; and you propose
to reimburse them by paying them interest. Shall
you give that interest to the man who suffered
damage, or to the man who was speculating on
the Government? I do not care what you call
him; I do not know whether the Department knows
him or not. If the Department does not know
him, I want to know him. I want the money to
go to the meritorious man, and not to the man
who has let out his contract.
Mr. FITCH. In my estimation, the error of
this proceeding consists in the fact that the Sen-
ator who moved this amendment overlooks a fact
notorious m the transportation of the mail. The
contractors frequently become contractors on very
many routes; they must sub-let those contracts;
but the man who makes a sub-contract is not
known to the Department; the principal contractor
is the only one known there, hi the late diffi-
culties which have been attendant upon the mail
service, the principal contractors have been the
parties who have advanced the money to their
own sub-contractors—they have been constrained
to do so—and yet this amendment would give the
interest to the sub-contractor who has already had
the principal. The principal contraetorcomcshcre
and says: " i have paid this money for the trans-
portation of the mail out of my own pocket; ! de-
sire the interest." Rut this amendment would give
itto the sub-contractor, who has already been paid
in full, for he is the one who has actually per-
formed the service.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The difficulty which Ihave
with the amendment of the SenatorYrom Georgia
is simply this: that it will force upon the Depart-
ment the settlement of a thousand questions be-
tween contractors and sub-contractorsupon which
there is no knowledge in the Department. It will
force upon the Department, in the administration
of this law, and in the payment of the interest,
