I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
none who would prefer it to freedom, although
we have been told here that the negroes are con-
tented and happy, and would not take their liber-
ties if offered to them. Now, how is that? Ifthe
negroes would notaccept their freedom, if proffered
to them, I do not see what danger there can be in
the agitations of the Abolitionists. These things
cannot all stand together. There must be some-
thing wrong about if. Either the slaves would
' take their freedom, or else southern gentlemen
feign this dread of slavery agitation.
it is asserted 11^ this book that the slave owners
shall not dissolve the Union. "VVcll, that is a rrjqre
piece of characteristic bluster. Again, it is s$id
that slaveholders would mob Thomas Jefferson.
Well, I would notliketo negative this affirmation.
If Thomas Jefferson were alive, and were to hold
forth now in Virginia the sentiments which he
published then, 1 do not know—State pride might
save him.
Well, sir, the uproar about the Helper book in
Congress did have the effect of gathering together
quite a number of the fearful and unbelieving
northern merchants. They gathered themselves
together rather extensively in our largo cities, and
passed many soothing resolutions;but this "soft
solder" only increased the violence of these con-
gressional paroxysms, as sensible people might
have known. It would have been refreshing for
some of those merchants to have been here and
heard the denunciations of their Union meetings
from the southern or Democratic side of the Hall.
It would have beat a little common sense into
their brains, if possible. They wore denounced
as hypocrites, or at least as not going the length
that was demanded of them by the extreme ma-
lignity of the Helper book.
Did the meetings at New York and elsewhere
go to the extent of quieting the fears of our breth-
ren of the South? Not at all. The only thing,
I believe, that worked 011 that class of northern
men was, the threat that the South would not
trade with them, unless they put down abolition.
That was a pocket argument, which addressed
itself to them with some degree of force, but pre-
sented a rather impracticable alternative.
Well, sir, after all the wind raised about the
Helper book, they have only selected for con-
demnation fourteen passages on fourteen pages
out of two hundred and fourteen. There is but
fourteen two hundred and fourteenths of it bad;
and the balance, they do not pretend to find fault
with. Now, I believe there is about as large a pro-
portion of good in it as there is in any ordinary
book of modern times. If it does not contain more
than fourteen two hundred and fourteenths of evil,
I call it a tolerably orthodox book. Idid not then
believe, and I do not now, that the people of the
South were afraid of the effect of the book; but
southern politicians, and the northern Democracy
in league with them, seizeditasa "Godsend" for
political effect, and forliothing else. I believe that
southern institutions are altogether too strong to
be capsized by such a slight breeze as this Helper
book has raised: still I do not know, and can
only say that if they are not, it will only be grat-
ifying to the enemies of southern institutions.
If southern politicians had let this hook alone,
and nor brought it before Congress, it would not
have made a ripple on the repose of the country.
The publication of it here as a monster, operated
like th<> mammoth sheets, such as are used for
advertising circuses and menageries. The peo-
ple opened their cars and listened. If Helper's
book was a monster they wanted to know its
exact proportions and see it perforin. This made
Helper's fortune. I do not regret that, for h.6
says that the slaveholders, by their superior
wealth and social position, have oppressed the
great masses of their laboring population. How
that is, I do not know. It is none of my busi-
ness. I never have interfered, and I never mean
to interfere, with these matters in the slave States.
It is their business, and not ours, to regulate their
social relations, however repulsive to our ideas of
what is pure and just. But, sir, it is our right,
nay, our duty, if we find that slavery concentrates
sectional interest and sectional feeling hostile to
the peace and harmony of the Union, to resist its
extension, to hold it where it now exists. If we
have the right, under the Constitution, to resist
its extension, then it is our right and duty to do
it; and that I understand to be the extent of the
purposes of the Republican party. So far as sla-
very is concerned, I never felt I was doing any-
thing prejudicial to the liberties, the honor, or
the interests of the people, or the integrity of the
Constitution of my country, when I exerted my
political power and influence, whatever theptf may
be, to prevent the spread of slavery, y
Now, sir, there has been a great effort made,
since I have been a member of Congress, to expel
the slave question from the politics of the coun-
try. Pretty much all of the experimenting, up
to this day of the session, so far as I have been
an observer of events, has been, on the one hand,
to transact the legitimate business of Congress by
the Republicans, and 011 the other, to agitate the
slave question by the Democracy, and all this to
put tin end to the agitation of that question in
Congress. The agitation of slavery has been
charged upon the Republican party most untruly
and unjustly. Let me say, Mr. Chairman, that
the Democratic party could not live so long as an
Indian canoe in mid ocean in a hurricane, were it
not for this slavery excitcment. They are the
men who keep it up. In my opinion it is time
that that party was discharged and another take i
the helm. If then that party should do no better |
than the Democratic party has done, I will do all ;
I am able to do that it may be 111 its turn displaced
by a better. I would continue this course of rev-
olution until the politics of the country were
purged of these little sectional, personal and selfish
combinations for the continuance of power by the
agency of corruption and misrule.
I will nottroublc the committee by going through
a rehearsal of all the specifications of my indict-
ment against the Democratic party. I tell south-
ern friends and southern enemies, that whenever
the Democratic party at the North is put down,
we will obtain quiet, and never until then. That
party is in a minority, and it can do nothing in
the free States but get up an agitation, so as to
excite and lash the people of the slavcholding
States into a fury, lest the people of the free States
should precipitate themselves in mass upon the
slavcholding States, for the overthrow of slavery.
Until the southern men can be disabused of this
great and wicked falsehood with which our north-
ern Democracy are continually attempting to in-
oculate them, there can be no permanent peace or
prosperity to the Union. This Democracy does
little else, politically, than to magnetize the south-
ern people into a pleasant sleep on this subject,
and then pick their pockets. They are at this
game now at Charleston, and they will succeed,
as they ever have, beyond a peradventuie. This
Democracy has nothing to do to gull their south-
ern friends, but to accuse the Republicans with
evil designs against their slaves, and it is enough
—they arc snared and taken. Why, sir, they be-
lieve at the South that the* John Brown affair was
universally known at the North; that all the Re-
publicans of any prominence were privy to it.
Our northern Democracy,
"Squat like a toad down by the ear of Eve,"
continually breathe this slander in the southern
ear, until they fall a political prey to that most
subtile and insidious congregation of political
sharpers.
Take the New York Herald, for instance,. All
the Democratic papers of my State are full of its
insinuations and its bald fictions, and the greedy
Democracy swallows the hook and is taken. My
colleague from the Columbus district [Mr. Cox]
really thought that the convention last fall at
Cleveland was a conspiracy against the liberties
of the Union, and that it was an attempt to over-
throw the Government. He did so! I saw him
there. His eyes were wild with cxcitcment. He
heard songs sung with the Yankee nasal twang;
and that frightened him. He expected, in a mo-
ment, that that body of some ten or twelve thou- j
sand psalm-singing Yankees would at once march
with drums boating and banners with dreadful
devices flying, ever ready to march to the fiery
strains of the Marseilles, somewhere, to do some-
thing dreadful. He does not doubt it now, I sup-
pose. They sung the Marseilles, and they sung
it through their noses; and that was sufficient for
my colleague to see the commencement of an evil,
the end of which no man could predict. I saw
my brother Cox there, and was with himashort
time. I saw nothing so frightful; but I know his
eyes and his ears were open, and I suppose the
singing was criticised by hiin very particularly;
but I know that there wasnomusicthere but that
to which probably every man upon this floor,
North or South, has march'ed, and would be will-
ing to march to again. Nobody was hurt, and no-
body was scared but my colleague. [A Voice;
"Chase waa there."] Yes, and brother Chase
was there. He was very incendiary in his action,
very, and most incendiary threats were made.
Mr. Chairman, I know what took place there as
well as any other man; and I know there never
was collected together so large an assembly as that
at Cleveland, in which there was, from the be-
ginning of it to the end of it, observed more per-
fect order throughout. They met there, and you
could not find a man drunk, for Democrats did not
generally attend the meeting. [Laughter.] There
was no hurrahing, 110 shouting, except in cheer-
ing the speakers when they spoke to the hearts of
that great mass of people.
Now,it is in vam to attempWo excite the south-
ern people to fury by saying that we,in Ohio, are
ready to march down into the slavcholding States
with the intent to overthrow slavery by violence, 01*
by any sinister means. I have lived m that State
for nearly thirty-five years, and I do know that
you may search the civilized world,through, and
you can nowhere find a more orderly, peaceful,
industrious, and intelligent people than you will
find there. Take the agricultural and mechan-
ical population of Ohio, and for industry, order,
and morality, I will stake them against the same
number of people in any part of the civilized world.
Sir, that is not the place where mobs are got up.
That is not the place where men plot to overthrow
the peace, harmony, and order of their Govern-
ment. It is a place where they are endeavoring1
to inculcate upon the minds of their children prin-
ciples which are calculated to make them lovers
of peace, lovers of order, lovers of intelligence,
and moil of moral greatness; and never, never
was there any greater outrage perpetrated upon
the people of the South than is perpetrated by the
northern Democrats, who endeavor to impress
them with the idea that the whole of the North are
ready to overthrow the institutions of the South
by violence. I say it is a lie! It is a falsehood of
the most flagrant and infamous character. Come
among us, you southern men, and look us in the
face, and see if you can find any such thing as
that. Come and look m upon us and see what we
aie. We waiit to convince you that we are not
such a people as northern Democrats represent us.
We do not love slavery—God grant we never
may; we hate, we abhor it, as wrong, morally,
socially, politically, and religiously; still we will
treat you with all the hospitality we can com-
mand. But, I tell you, you will find doughfaces
mighty scarce. They d o no t flourish in those parts.
Now, sir, I desire to know how this question
of slavery is to be expelled from politics? Have
you, gentlemen of the South, succeeded in accom-
plishing that object, or do you expect to succeed
by any of the methods that have been tried for
the last seven or eight years? The Union has
been saved here, in this House, within my day,
some three or four times. There have been some
six or seven salvations of the Union, and for every
salvation it has undergone it has grown the worse.
They comc thicker and faster now. It was suf-
ficient, formerly, for each Congress to save the
Union once; but now it has to be saved once or
twice a session, or else it cannot stand. [A Voice:
"No; it is to be saved at Charleston."] Yes;
salvation is now transferred to the South, if there
is any salvation in the premises, which I would
not guaranty. First, you undertook to save the
Union by refusing to hear petitions for the aboli-
tion of slavery 111 the District of Columbia.
Now, I was among the very first to sign those
petitions. I may as well confess the whole head
and front of my offending. I have been an Abo-
litionist siace 1834, and 1 know something about
the number of salvations of the Union. I hap-
pened to be in Washington the first time it was
saved. I did not know that the Union was so
near gone when 1 was coming here, but when I
reached here I found that it was in the last stage
of convulsions. And I happened to be in the
gallery of the old Hall when Jt was saved by lay-
