1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the trial and disposition of a thousand questions
upon which it has no evidence whatever. Again:
the contractor, who has been accepted by the De-
partment, and who has sub-let various portions of
his contract, may have paid the whole money due
by the terms of his sub-contracts. Suppose that
Mr. Corcoran, or any other very rich man in the
city of Washington, had taken a contract to carry
one of the important mails of the country, and had
sab-contracted it to various railroads. The Gov-
ernment failing to pay Mr. Corcoran, he goes on
and pays the railroad companies. The parties
with whom he made his sub-contracts get the
money from him; he has gone without the inter-
est of the money which he has paid; he is the
party with whom the* Government deals, and the
only party that the Government knows anything
about. I will admit that if Mr. Corcoran, after-
taking this contract, had sub-let it all to a third
person, and that person had come to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and been accepted as
a contractor, and the Government had entered
into obligations with him to pay him the money,
he would be entitled to the interest; because the
Government had failed to pay him. T should
favor the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Georgia if it was confined to those sub-con-
tractors who had been recognized as such by the
Department; for then the Department would have
the means within its power by which it could
administer the law.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest that this section covers that case; be-
cause, in that event, he would be the contractor
recognized by the Department, and of course he
would be paid the amount. The section covers
that case as it stands.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I agree entirely with the
honorable Senator from Georgia in saying that no
man should receive damages who has not suffered
damage; but if a contractor who is perfectly re-
sponsible has taken a contract to carry the mails,
and sub-let it to sub-contiactors, and has gone on
himself and paid them out of his own pocket, and
out of his own means, ho is the man who suffers
damage, because the Government ought to have
furnished him the money to pay them, and he has
lost interest. He is the man who ought to have
it; and he is the man with whom the Government
deals, and the man who has been recognized as
dealing with the Government. If, however, you
adopt this amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, m the general terms in which lie has offered
it, it seems to me that it will open a thousand
questions of difficulty which will give the Depart-
ment an endless amount of trouble to determine,
in the midst of all these contracts and sub-e.on-
tracts throughout the United States, who is actu-
ally to receive the interest, ft seems to me that
sucli a law would be a very difficult one to ad-
minister.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment offered by the Senator from Geor-
gia was adopted.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Iienjamin, Clay, Clmstman, Crittenden,
Davis, Fitzpatnck, Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, Ives son,
Johnson of Aikans-as, Johnson of Tennessee, Nicholson,
Powell. SiidcU, Toombs, and Wigfall—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Dinjrham, Bragg,
Bright, Chandler, Clark, CoIIamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Diir-
kee, Fesscnden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Grimes. Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Ilailan, Hunter, Lane, Mason, Pearce, Rice,
Saulsbury, Seward, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wade—30.
So the amendment of Mr. Toombs was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment moved by the Commit-
tee on Finance to the third section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Committee
was to insert, as a now section:
Sec. 5. J2nd be it further cnacicS, That all law? author-
izing the franking privilege be, and the same arc hereby,
repealed, from and after the first day of May next: Pro-
vided, All p usoris now aufhouzed by law to fiank, by in-
dorsing their names and designation by winch the right i*
confeired upon them, on all matter mailed h> them, shall
be exempt tiom piepuymcntot postage; but the postage on
«uch mail matter shall be due and payable by the person
oi persons to whom the Fame may he directed, at the point
of destination.
Mr. HUNTEF, This ♦iic-ndmenf speaks for
itself, with the exception, perhaps, of the latter
clausc. That is designed to provide for the case
where a member has to write to his constituents
on business of their own; and then, instead of
having to prepay his letter, he is to put his name
on it, and the constituent can take the letter out
on paying the postage.
Mr. HAMLiN. I think I have uniformly voted
for the abolition of the franking privilege. It is
a matter which has been a good deal mooted in
Congress; and I do not now recollect that I have
ever given a vote against abolishing that privilege
when we have been allowed to vote upon the direct
proposition. I think I shall continue to pursue
that course. "Rut while I say that, I certainly will
notvotc for this amendment. It has no business
here, although it comes from a very respectable
committee—one of which I have a very high opin-
ion. It is an amendment to a bill to which it does
not belong; and T am surprised that the Finance
Committee should have reported it. It is true,
we do not now find ourselves in the same condition
that we were in near the close of the last session of
Congress, when we were driven to a defeat of the
regular Post Office appropriation bill in conse-
quence of a disagreement between the two Houses,
partly upon this very question. We are early in
the session, and we may send this proposition to
the House of Representatives; and that House
may reject it, and it may come back again here;
but all this process consumes time. You may
seize upon this occasion for the purpose of forc-
ing the other House, if you ohoosc to try to
forcc it, into an affirmative vote on this propo-
sition. I do not believe in the wisdom of that
kind of legislation. T do not suppose such was
the intention of the committee; but I say you may
do it; you may avail yourselves of this means, if
you choose, for that purpose; but I think it is an
improper method of legislation. Let us have the
proposition to abolish the franking-privilege in a
clean, naked bill, and it shall have my vote now,
and on all occasions; but I do believe, as I be-
lieved at a former period when this proposition
was offered to an appropriation bill, that it is con-
necting two things which arc entirely distinct, and
which ought not to be united. For these reasons,
while I still maintain the opinion I have always
maintained in regard to the franking privilege, I
will not vote for this amendment, even if every
other Senator does.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege, but I
am for doing it clean. I am opposed to the pro-
viso in this amendment, which authorizes persons
now exercising the franking privilege to s^nd
matter through the mails without the prepayment
of postage. I want to sec this privilege abolished
entirely, and to place those who now exercise it
on the'same footing with other persons. I desire
to have a separate vote upon that branch of the
amendment; or, perhaps the more proper mode
would be to move to strike out the proviso. I
make that distinct motion, if it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move, then, to amend
the amendment of the committee by striking out
the proviso. My reason for wishing to abolish
the franking privilege, without going into any
argument on the subject, is chiefly on account of
the gross abuse of that privilege. I understand
that persons are in the habit of lending their
names, as it were, to frank documents; I have
been told so. I do not think that the law ever
contemplated that the franking privilege should
be exercised by any person except the individual
to whom it was given. I do not think he has any
authority to allow anybody else to write his name
for him, even in his presence. I think it was in-
tended to be a personal privilege, that he himself
should indorse his name on the mail matter, what-
ever it might be. We know, however, that a
practice has grown up, which I am told still pre-
vails in this city, under which thousands and tens
of thousands of documents arc being sent off with
the name of the party franking them written by a
clerk or some other person. According to my
understanding of the law, that is not proper, f j
think gross abuses have grown up under this j
franking privilege, and I am for abolishing it, and ,
doing it thoroughly, without allowing any frank- !
j mg, by members or others, to be charged to the j
i constituent who receives the documents 1 move
! if. stuke out :lv proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think my friend from
Illinois can hardly have understood the explana-
tion given by the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee in relation to this matter. He will observe
that if the franking privilege is abolished wholly,
the result, inevitably, is to place a very heavy
burden on members of Congress, and especially
on Senators, who have a very large correspond-
ence. Now, unless some provision of this kind
is made, and we answer the letters of our constitu-
ents written to us upon their own business, we
must pay the postage out of our own pockets. The
* intention and effect of this provision is simply this:
that while those who communicate with us, on
business interesting to themselves, pay the post-
age of the letters which they send to us, we, by
placing our names on the back of the reply, may
compel these persons to pay postage on our an-
swers to them, instead of placing upon us the bur-
den of paying postage for correspondence upon
their affairs, as we otherwise should have to do.
It is quite obvious that if we abuse that privilege
by placing on others a burden which docs not be-
long to them—if, for instance, we,write to a con-
stituent on our own business, and frank the letter,
and he has to pay postage, he will not take the.
letter out of the office. He knows whether the let-
ter is interesting to him, or not; heknows^vhether
he is in communication with us on business mat-
ters in which he is interested. If he is, there is
no sensible reason in the world why we should
bear the burden of correspondence with people
all through our several States, upon matters in
which we have no interest, and in regard to which
we are put to trouble for the benefit of others.
I do not see that this provision, as it stands, is
liable to do any harm; because, by lending franks
in that case, the individuals who get those franks
would not be able to rob the post office, becausc
the postage must be paid somewhere; and, if not
paid at this end of the route, it must be at the
other, for the letter or document directed under
our frank could not be taken out of the office until
the postage was paid. There would, therefore,
be no object in the world which anybody pos-
sessed of the franking privilege could have to lend
his frank to other people, for nothing would be
saved by it; postage would be paid in the same
way. Take away the inducement, and you take
away the abuse; there would be no further dan-
ger of the abuse when nothing was to be gained
by it. I do not see, therefore, that the difficulty
which the Senator from Illinois suggests as exist-
ing now, would remain under the state of things
proposed to be accomplished by the provisions of
this amendment.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, the question now
before the Senate, in the bill which has been sent
to us by the House of Representatives, is in re-
gard to paying the honest debts of the Govern-
ment. if this money is due to the mail contract-
ors, let us appropriate it, and pay them, and not
longer picvent their receiving their just dues by
attempting to put on this bill amendments that arc
not germane to the subject-matter. I am opposed
to the franking privilege, and I will go for any
separate bill for its abolition, or I will vote for it
as an amendmcn t to any bill to which such a pro-
vision will be germane; but this is a bill to make
an appropriation to pay debts; and as these debts
arc honestly due, let us honestly appropriate the
money to pay them, without proposing amend-
ments that must inevitably create delay. Let us
take one thing at a time, meet it upon its own
merits, and dispose of it. I am opposed to all
amendments that will have a tendency to embar-
rass or delay this bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, according to
the report of the Postmaster General, there is, at
the present rates of postage, an annual deficiency
of between five and six million dollars in the postal
Department of this Government. > A very large
proportion of this deficiency originated in the last
fiscal year, and probably some of it before that
time. There is no special merit in these contract-
ors more than in any other class of public cred-
itors. They arc numerous, they are active, they
are importunate. Except m these respects, I
know not that they have any higher claim to the
legislation of Congress than any other equal body
of men in the public service.
Modifications and amendments of the postal
sorvicc of the country have been again and again
iiiti oduced on appropriation bills. Some ten mh
