2658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
in Louisiana, other complete titles, which have
never been submitted, cither to commissions,
courts, or Congress. X am not sufficiently in-
formed on the subject to speak positively, but pre-
sume there are, inasmuch as Congress, although
it has invited those titles to be presented for ex-
amination and confirmation, yet has never com-
pelled them. Now between those never submit-
ted to our tribunals, and to those mentioned in the
act of 1858, there is by this bill a most odious dis-
crimination raised against the latter. For whilst,
as to all other complete grants, Congress has never
thought proper to adopt any compulsory meas-
ures- for their production, (contenting itself, as
under the act of 1805, in the holding1 out induce-
ments,) this bill calls upon the Houmas, and
several other complete title holders, under the
most stringent and oppressve provisions, to re-
produce and reprove their titles. Why is this?
It is one of those evil consequences which, by an
inevitable law, How from ill legislation, which
may be far from the intention of its authors, but
which will not be controlled by intention, but will
spring into existence without and in spite of it.
JLook at another difficulty: under the act of
1824, hereby to be revived, the claimants must
allege and prove the existence and actual resi-
dence, prior to 1804, of the original grantee. Now,
I do not know what evidence may be extant, but
it strikes me as something harsh that the claimant
should, at this day, be put to the proof of tho res-
idence of Maurice Conway, who died before 1790.
I'jcwojd must be thr  man who can remember
him ? He died seventy years ago. What chance
that there is such a witness surviving? And this
must be done under an act, the framers of which
do not doubt that the original grant was valid,
and was, in fact, made to the alleged person.
Now, look at another effect, and truly a strange
one. This bill makes the condition of those who
accepted the invitation of Congress, in 1805, worse
than that of those who refused. Obviously, the
desire, of our Government was, that all land titles
should be made known to them first, that it misjht
know the extent of its own possessions; s'_ jop-'ly,
that the citizens might be guarded from the fraud
and dangers arising from concealed titles. The
owners of the Houmas complied with <b<ure
of Congress, and acted in aid of its policy. They
had their lands surveyed under order of a United
States Governor; they announced their claim to
the world; conccaled nothing—location, extent,
or boundaries; and £ave it the highest possible
publicity, by submittmgit, with their plats, to the
decision of the United States commissioners.
They are now to be censured for so acting; they
are to be punished for not concealing but reveal-
ing their claims, and giving the earliest and am-
plest possible notices to the United States and her
citizens; for they, who did what the Government
desired, arc to be ordered to a new course of liti-
gation. Those who did not, stand unchallenged.
Congress has never compelled them to submit their
claims to the double ordeal that is proposed for
this, nor to any tribunal whatever as between them
and the United State.-*, nor ordered that they
should lose their land in default of such action.
Here, again, under the garb of equality, is con-
cealed the very personification of partiality.
Many other objections to the bill might be ar-
rayed against it, but time does not permit.
Here, then, stands the whole matter. An act
of Congress, fairly passed, in the regular course
of orderly business; examined and amended by a
committcc; printed and submitted one year, and
the next year going through the same routine in
both Houses, and passed in the same manner as
all other acts, recognizcs and confirms certain
rights of ancient standing. It is now sought to
repeal it. Tenderness for the rights of third par-
ties is one pretext for its repeal. Yet, strange to
say, the very protection furnished by the act
itself for the benefit of third parties has been dis-
torted into a reason for its repeal. Upon this I
may briefly comment, But, in fact, for all honest
puiposes, the act does completely protect the
rights of third parties. Its phraseology on that
'point is:
"Saving and reserving, however, to nil adverse claim-
ants the right to assert the validity of theii claims in a
court or courts of justice."
In the first place, Congress could not, if it
would, make any grant of the rights of third per-
sons. It is not in its power; it can act only upon
what it has, not upon what third parties have.
Therefore, even without the express reservation,
no one, no court at least, would ever hesitate to
construe the act as not affecting third persons.
But for, if possible, greater certainty—" ex majori
cautela"—acts of Congress granting and confirm-
ing have usually had such a clause inserted, from
our first acquisition of foreign territory down to
the act of 1851, providing for the confirmation of
land titles in California. Now, who are these
third parties^? They are those claiming under
Spanish grants, and those claiming to stand in the
position of preemptioners. The first are abund-
antly protected by the saving clause of the statute;
there are none, bona fide, of the second.
As to the first, who hold under Spain or France,
the act of Congress vests, can vest, none of their
rights in anybody. Whatever may be the ex-
tent of these conflicting claims, (the committee
has presented no evidence on that point, and 1
am ignorant upon it,) it is a matter to be adjudi-
cated between them and the Houmas grantees, in
the ordinary courts of the country-, just as any
other case of difference between adjacent land
owners; and not by a special tribunal, governed
by extraordinaryrulesandfor extraordinary pur-
poses. Senior grants must prevail over the junior,
in almost ail cases; and junior, unless accom-
panied with countervailing equities, must yield,
and ought to yield. And in contests of this sort,
the courts have laid down, and from time to time
enforced, principles which provide amply fnrjus-
tice between private parties. The act of Congress
does not, and it could not, make void senior
grants within the exterior boundaries of the Hou-
mas tract. Conway asked for vacant land, and he
got vacant land. Whatever was not vacant land
he did not get, and his successors in interest can
claim none from him. Neither had tins Govern-
ment any interest in any of the lands granted by
the Spanish authorities; consequently it could con-
fer none, and it made no attempt to transfer any.
All this care, loudly expressed, for this class of
third persons, has been needlessly incurred. Their
rights were not impugned, not even menace I; on
the contrary, expressly protected.
When complaint is made (as in the p'etition) of
the act of 1858, by those claiming under complete
titles, which are also confirmed, does it not justify
the act? Their titles, as alleged, were complete;
and they have baen confirmed. Is not the TXoimsas
iu the same category? It was a perfect tith-; it
has been confirmed;then,at this moment, it stands
upon an equality with those who make complaint.
If it can be xmconftrmcd, it will stand at a disad-
vantage with the others. So with this, as in so
many other matters, the effect of the bill will not
be to producc equality, but to submit this claim
to disadvantages to which its adversaries are not
equally submitted.
Then, as to the precmptionists: why, there is
not one upon the land. These, also,'in this in-
stance, who would take shelter under a name
much lauded, are not entitled to it; they are bare
trespassers—trespassers in violation of a direct
law forbidding their entrance upon this very land.
The act of 1811 has so frequently been cited in
this debate, I need only refer to it. And the ef-
fort is gravely made now to convert this disobe-
dience of a positive statute into a meritorious claim
upon Government. These men are not prcemp-
tionists; they cluster upon and near the land, well
knowing that it has always been claimed and held
as private property; they did not come upon it in
good faith as public land, butm defiance of law; yet
they now call upon this Government to use its
vast power to destroy the title of the owners, and
after that, to legalize their trespass and grant them
the spoils. Who are the speculators here?
But these petitioners have asserted as a fact
that which, upon examination, I have ascertained
not to be a fact; and I may therefore be pardoned
for being suspicious of many other statements
from the same quarters. They tell us, in their
petition, that in a suit in the United States circuit
court, fifth district of Louisiana, entitled United
States rs. Daniel Clark et al.> that "the preten-
sions to the claim were proved fraudulent, and a
judgment rendered that the patent be annulled."
The suit mentioned must be that in which the
right of Chancellor Bibb to issue a patent was
decided, Let us hear from Judge Campbell him- ;
self what he said about that title;
" I do not decide any question upon the validity of the :
defendants' title to the land they claim, nor upon the effect
of any othui act of the Land Officc m rohpect to its determ-
ining its boundaries, nor the effect of this patent in any
other respect than in its being a paper issued without legal
authority."
A declaration by the court that it would not
pass upon title has been reported to us by these
persons as a conclusion or assertion—I do not
know which—that the " pretensions" of the
grantees " to the claim were fraudulent."
But, as Judge Campbell's high authority has
been invoked, let us see what is his opinion of the
course pursued by some of the land officers in
inducing the entry of these persons upon the
Houmas tract. Commenting upon the act of 1811,
and its violation by officers of the Government,
he says:
"This act is one founded m the plainest principles of
justice, and has been unifotmly maintained in the fullness
of its spirit by the Supreme Court of the United States.
" Nothing could be more inequitable than an attempt on
the part ot the United States to involve the claimants,
whom they have brought before their own tribunals, with
the expectation that their rights would be ascertained in a
summary way, but in a spirit of equity and liberality, m
litigations with claimants, deiiving their title ' ex yostfacto*
from the United Suitor. iVo ruck conduct has been counte-
nanced by Congress, though this case shows a very wanton
violation oj the act o) tttli by subordinate officers of the Land
Office depaitmcnf.~>
Now, however, it is to the very proceeding, re-
pudiated by Judge Campbell as inequitable on the
part of the Government, that the owners of this
pioperty are to be exposed. He speaks of the
expectation, and a just expectation it was, on the
part of the claimants, " that their rights would be
ascertained in a sxunmary way, but in a spirit of
equity and liberality." What bitter sarcasm on
this bill. Their rights were ascertained in a
"summary way," and thereupon men bought for
large prices. "The spnit of equity and liberal-
ity " isdisplaycd by condemning the present own-
ers to do over again what had been decided in
favor of their ancestors' vendors fifty-four years
ago.
Now observe, that when this was done before,
had the decision been adverse to the claim, the old
purchaser would have held his hand,would have
refused to buy, would have invested his means in
other pursuits, or in other lands, where his title
would have been secure; or, even if the United
States had, in early days, reversed the decision,
the purchasers from the former holders would
have had recourse over against their vendors, and
at least have been reimbursed their purchase-
money. Daniel Clark was then a man of large
fortune, and entirely responsible for all his en-
gagements. Where is any one now to go in search
of the assets of the estate of a man who died nearly
fifty years ago ? The only comfort would be, that
m 1805 Congress had promised a settlement, " in
a summary way," and by that it meant setting
tho title afloat in 1860. Surely the Government,
in any tribunal, must, under such circumstances,
be held barred—estopped from setting up any
claim in the land.
"Nothing," says Judge Campbell, (so prop-
erly mentioned by the honorable chairman as
being as familiar with these land matters as any
man m our country:)
u Nothing could be more inequitable than an'attempt on
the paitof the United States to involve the claimants whom
they bad brought befoie their own tubunals in hugauona
with other claimant* deriving their titles ex postjacto fiora
the United States.
" Nothing could be more inequitable" than such
an attempt, says the judge. Am I not justified
m saying this bill is inequitable, when it com-
mands the claimants to make e\ery adverse claim-
ant a party r " All adverse claimants must come
in under this &t#,"says the Senator from Ohio.
It would have been more in accordance with his
usual accuracy of statement to say: " all adverse
claimants must be brought in undvc this bill."
These " other claimants, deriving their titles ex
post facto from the United States," are ordained to
be necessary parties, and the grantees mustmalte
them so, at the peril of the penalties of the bill.
"Nothing could be more inequitable" than such
an attempt. Now listen to the last section of the
bill:
*'•' Set'. 4. Jlml be it furthei enacted, That ail persons* actu-
ally <ott!cd on said lands m dispute, shall have the ught to
employ counsel, at their own expense, to assist the law
otlicer ot the Government in the suits herein authorized."
Comment is unnecessary; to increase the fury
of litigation, each one of the litigants is author-
ized to employ his own attorney, and infuse into
