212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Moore.
Ho. op Reps.
ing those anti-slavery petitions upon the table. I
remember that I was boarding with a member of
Congress from Ohio, who was familiar with a
fentleman from the South, a member of the other
ranch of the Federal Legislature. After becom-
ing slightly acquainted with that gentleman, he
asked me what 1 thought would be the effect of that
disposition of the anti-slavery petitions upon the
Abolitionists of the North. 1 replied, " Sir, what
do you suppose would be the effect of a corre-
sponding course upon the people of the South?"
He replied, " Do not know; 1 suppose it would
i'nerease the excitement." "Very well," I an-
swered, " I cannot say that 1 know positively,
but I have not a shadow of doubt that the excite-
ment will be increased fifty-fold. For myself, I
will return to Ohio, and agitate because our rights
are denied us." I have agitated from that time
to the present, if it be agitation to speak in behalf
of the rights of free States and of the extension
and perpetuation of freedom throughout the whole
Confederacy.
I know that the Excitement was tenfold greater
after these petitions were thus laid on the table
without being read or referred. I believed then
that if these petitions had been referred, and a
candid and well-intentioned report made upon
them, conceding that there were evils in the ex-
istence of slavery ill this District, but showing
to the people the difficulties in the way of abol-
ishing it, it would have quieted the agitation, and
would have put back the progress of anti-slavery
sentiments ten years. Tliat is my honest belief.
For myself, I did not then, and do not now, regret
the course pursued then or now; for I know that
all these false steps on the part of the friends of
slavery only tend to expedite the final triumph
of freedom.
Then, sir, another salvation of the Union was
accomplished when Texas was annexed. There
was great agitation in opposition to the conquest
and annexation ofTexas among the people of the
free States, they believing that it was extending an
institution which ought to be restricted in its ex-
tent, if it were possible to do so. Of course the
excitement was thus tenfold increased. These
Democrats of tin; free States, whom our south-
ern brethren are hugging to then- hearts, are the
worst enemies the South has ever had. I assert
that; and I believe I can prove it by incontesta-
ble arguments and facts. In most of the free
States they are in a meager minority. Politically,
they are of no consequence whatever, except to
be simply a make-weight to the-consolidated,
united power of the slave States. It is the inter-
est of that faction, in every free State where it
can have a balance of power between contending
parties, to thrust itself in, and to throw the bal-
ance of power to the slave States. While this
continues to be the ease we shall agitate the ques-
tion. We shall agitate the oveithrovv of this
Democratic party in the free States. For a num-
ber of years we have been endeavoring to ac-
complish that end. We have accomplished it m
many of the States, reducing that party to a very
email, almost insignificant fraction. The interest
and object of the Democrats of the free States is
to keep up a balance of power, if they can, be-
tween the free States and slave States, and to
come in and get office and plunder. This is held
out as a perpetual bribe to tliem, on the part of
the southern Democracy. And never will there
be peace between the free and slave States, until
that faction which is seeking to foment divisions
and dissensions between them and the free States
is put down, so that there shall be no profit grow-
ing out of the exercise of that balance of power.
It seems to mo that any shrewd and discerning
politician from the South must see that. What
are they trying to do now in Charleston? They
are endeavoring so to balance the political power
between the slave and the free States that the dis-
tribution of office and spoils shall be under the
Democracy. That is all, sir. There isno other
purpose in it on the part of those northern Demo-
crats. It was said, many years ago, that the State
of Massachusetts ought to be willing to keep the
Democratic party in that State conveniently small.
I do not know whether it is reduced to that now,
but I should suppose it was, because there are
very feu" Democrats there, and it would" take but
few offices ts give ana to each. Thatis the func-
tion which the northern Democracy has to per-
form. It is all the use it is put to, to make up this
Balance of power, so as to get the offices. The
southern politicians, who understand this matter,
and who are in favor of the continuance of the
Union, ought not to be led away by the howling
of these famished Democrats in thejree States.
They should unite with the great mass of the Re-
publicans in bringing back the Government and
its policy to that of the fathers, so that peace and
industry shall be the great aim of the nation, and
not this eternal din of mere party contention. In
that event there will bo an end to all these sec-
tional strifes and controversies, which, if they do
not threaten the stability of the Republic, do at
all events frighten a great many old women in
pantaloons.
Sir, until this be accomplished; until liberal-
minded men, the friends of the Constitution as
our fathers framed it, shall have united, North
and South, to turn out of office and power this hun-
gry and ferocious party—the members of which,
for aught I know, are now at each other's throats
in Charleston—there never will be any peace in the
politics of the country. There never can be, there
never will be established any system of policy
that will cement together the different sections of
this Union, and by which the industry of this
country can be encouraged and protected, until
this conclave of political intriguers is excluded
from the emoluments of office, or the offices sur-
rendered to them as a sop to gorge their rapacity.
There is no trouble about this matter, if you once
take away the patronage of the Government from
the hands in which it now is, and has been ever
since I came upon the political stage, with scarcely
an interruption. Take it away from them, and
let it go to those in the country who are not pro-
fessional office-seekers—to those who have not
been accustomed to make politics a trade—and
there would never be any serious misunderstand-
ing between the two sections.
There is no serious conflict of interests between
us. All agree that the subject of slavery has no
legitimate place in this body. Why not, then,
in God's name, exclude it? Here wo have been
drumming away at this matter since the com-
mencement of this session, and what have we
done ? What measures calculated to advance the
real interests of the great masses of the people
have we had under consideration? I have been
necessarily away for two months, and I endeav-
ored to ascertain from the papers what the House
was doing. For the soul of me, I could find noth-
ing but what appeared to be a sort of scrub race
for the offices of the Federal Government. The
excitement is roused up here for political cffect.
It penetrates the whole country. Without excite-
ment here, there is 110 excitement in the country.
So far as I can judge, we have done nothing, ab-
solutely nothing, so far. We are now doing noth-
ing, but waiting to hear Charleston speak; and
I presume that we will then have to wait to hear
Cliicago speak.
I will tell my friends of the South, that it mat-
ters not what platform maybe adopted at Charles-
ton. Who cares for platforms? Did ever a party
stick to its platform? Who is fool enough to care
for a platform ? It is all a scramble for office, so
far as the politics of the country arc concerned.
If the people want to put an end to that scramble,
they must reduce the expenses of the Government,
so that there will not be any temptation for these
controversies for the s'poils of office. Let them
distribute the public land to the actual settlers;
let them cut down the revenues of the Government
to that figure where there will be no temptation
on the part of the politicians and the officers of
the different departments of the Government on
account of these spoils ;let them protect their home
industry; let them take such steps as will promote
industry and peace and contentment at home.
Then these party wranglings will cease to a great
extent. Favor the home industry of the country,
and it will tend more to put down this furor of
party politics than anything else.
Let me say to southern members, that if they
want to put down this slavery excitement and put
the country entirely at peace, let them give Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, New York, and the West,
a moderate duty upon the articles produced by
their home industry. Politics will then be at zero;
for it is a trade or profession that very few will
follow who are thriving in any other business. It
is not a money-making business. The manufac-
turers of the country do not want to hear anything
about it, so long as you will protect their interests.
Do that, and they will not trouble you about office.
THE TARIFF.
SREECH OF HON. S. MOORE,
/ OF ALABAMA,
y In the Hocse of Representatives,
April 30, I860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, said:
Mr. Chairman: Regarding the tariff bill now
under consideration as the most important meas-
ure, so far as the interests of my constituents are
concerned, of any which has been introduced into
Congress since I have had the honor of a seat on
this floor, I cannot in silence permit it to become
a law. A dozen or more speeches have already
been made in its support, while no voice has, as
yet, been raised against it. 1 regret that sotne one
of the many older and abler champions of free
trade who are around me had not taken up the
glove so defiantly thrown at our feet by the advo-
cates of protection. As none, however, have done
so, I feel impelled by a sense of duty to enter my
most emphatic and indignant protest against tho
passage of this bill, and my dissent from the prin-
ciples which have been avowed by its friends. If
I do no more, I shall at least, to that extent, hava
discharged the duty I owe to those whom I rep-
resent. From the examination I have been able
to give this bill, I consider it highly objection-
able; and if, unfortunately, it should become a
law, my opinion is that it will prove scarcely
less oppressive than did the memorable tariff act
of 1828, known throughout the South as tho bill
of abominations.
Mr. Chairman, any material change in our rev-
enue laws affects, in some degree, the interests of
every individual in our widely-extended Confed-
eracy, and not theirs only, for its influence is felt
far beyond our own limits, even to the most dis-
tant nations with which we have commercial in-
tercourse. It is for this reason that the question
of the tariff has always been justly regarded as
one of tho greatest importance. From the very
foundation of our Government it has excited the
deepest interest. Agnin and again has it been dis-
cussed in Congress; and although the argument
on tho subject ought long since to have been ex-
hausted, and the policy of the Government settled
in relation to it, yet it seems to be one of those
questions which is never to be at rest while this
Government lasts. The public mind has of lata
been, and is now, absorbed by another question
of more perilous import; but let none think that
this of the tariff has been overlooked or forgotten
by the protectionists; or that it ever will be, while
selfishness or avarice finds a lodgment in the hu-
man breast.
Who introduces it here now, and, as it seems
to me, so unnecessarily and so unseasonably?
Not those upon whom the taxes are most heavily
imposed by the tariff laws, and who might be ex-
pected to be weary of bearing, like Issachar, their
endless burden, but the manufacturers them-
selves, for whose support and profits nearly every
individual and industrial interest in the country is
now compelled to contribute. Active and far-see-
ing, they are ever on the watch; ready ,to take
advantage of circumstances as they arise. If ruin
and distress overtake large classes of the people,
whether from monetary revulsions or any other
causes, at once these evils are attributed to tho
tariff. If, as now, our imports and exports show
trade and commerce, as well as our agricultural
interests, to be in a flourishing condition, straight-
way we hear of the dangers of over-trading and
future bankruptcy and rum to the country, from
some accidental circumstance, like that of the
large shipments of gold to foreign countries—all
traceable, according to their theory, to the existing
tariff laws, and show the necessity of their revis-
ion. If wages become low, prices fall, and la-
borers are thrown out of employment, these too
