1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
other sources to do it, but I am not for putting
that sort of burden on the Treasury. I know it
is said to be done with a view to educate the
people, and it is considered to be a public benefit
v that all this printed matter should go free through
the mails. I do not suppose the argument applies
so particularly to the franked matter as to some
other free matter. I do not know what the Post-
master General has reported, but t suppose the
postage on all the free matter that goes through
the mails might amount to as much as has been
stated. But to spring such a question as this on
the Senate, in a bill which was designed to go
through the first day, is, I think, an unfair way
of legislation. If, as the Senator from Georgia
thinks, there is so much merit in the pro position,
why can it not carry itself through without mak-
ing the necessities of the mail contractors a pack-
horsc to carry it? I do not like to put these riders
on the necessities of people out of doors, so as to
forcc us to do something we otherwise should not
do. 1 think, if the amendment were withdrawn
and a separate bill brought in to accomplish the
purpose, we could take the time and discuss it
when we could do it with more deliberation and
justice to other people,
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, it may be
of some use to consider briefly the present condi-
tion of things with regard to the franking pnvi- j
lege. Previous to the year 1847, there was a law ;
providing that the postmaster in this city should
keep an account of all the franked and free matter :
which was passed, by the heads of Departments
or by members of Congress, through the post
office; and that account was to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the two Houses, and out of the
funds of the proper Departments. In 3847, that
law was repealed; and it was provided that, in
lieu of keeping any account of the free matter, the
Post CMTice Department should be paid the sum of
$200,000 a year. The twelfth section of the act
of March 3, 1847, provides;
"ThatPO much of the sixth section of the act io which
thisi is supplementary a* lequtrc^ the Po-.tina--.ter G-oneial
to cause accounts of the postage that would be chaigeablc
by the rates piescribcd in said act upon all matter passing
free through tneinail, and that the same shall be paid to the
Post Office Department from the contingent funds of the
two Houses of Congress, and ol the other Departments of
the Government, foi which such mail service may have
been performed, be, and the same is hereby, repealed ; and
that, m lieu of such payment, and m compensation for such
mail services as may he performed for the several Depart-
ments of the Government, llK.ic shall be paid to the Po.->t
Office Department, fiom the Treasury, for cach yeai's ser-
vice, the sum of $200,000."
In 1851, there was added to that $.500,000, to be
paid annually out of the Treasury for the flanked
matter. The act of reducing the,rates of postage,
passed in 1851, provides: I
"That there shall be paid to the Po«t Office Depaitment, j
m further payment and*eompensation foi the mail service j
p"M formed lor the two [lou.-es< of Congress, and the other j
Departments and officer* of the Government, m the trails- j
poiianon of free matter, the' um of $500,000 per > ear, which j
that! be paid qudrtetly'nut ofauy money* in the Treasury ,
not othei wise appiopi uited " j
These provisions remain the law now; and there |
is annually paid, not out of the postage money, j
but out of the general Treasury, £700,000 to the i
General Post Office, to cover the expense of the ;
franked matter of members of Congress ond of]
the Departments. If the provision now presented j
by the Finance Committee shall pass, still the ,
$700,000 will have to be paid. The passing of this i
amendment will not relieve the Treasury at all.
I mention this to show that the entering upon
legislation in regard to this subject—and I am
free to say that I am desirous of seeing the frank-
ing privilege repealed altogether—requires prepa-
ration and care, the comparing of the different
parts of the system, and making the provisions
consistent with each other, so that we shall bring
about the purpose intended to be effected; but we
shall not do it in this way. I agree entirely with
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island. I do
not want (o speak in disparagement of the pro-
' ceedings of a former year; but it is quite clear that
when we undertook to make appropriations for
the Post Office Department last year, the result
was, that, because of the various provisions that
were put on the bill not necessary for the support
of the Department, with relation to the franking
privilege and a variety t>f other things, it failed
altogether.
Now, these contractors have gone on; these em-
ployes of the Department have proceeded in the
public service; they have proceeded in it under
the faith of the Government plighted to them in
the laws and m their contracts; they have lain out
of their money for the want of an appropriation;
they have come to us to make that appropriation
for past services; and immediately the same trouble
arises again. To my mind, this whole matter in
relation to what is past should be paid, settled,
dismissed, and then we should make our provision
in relation to franking as a matter by itself. We
have bills before us on that subjcct which have
been sent to the proper committee. Some of them,
so far as I have examined them, seem to me to
contain very strange provisions. One provides that
each member shall be furnished with $175 worth
of postage stamps. Does the Post Office Depart-*
ment expect to get along by having us buy stamps
from them to the amount of $175 for each mem-
ber of Congress, and have that as a substitute for
the present provision by which they are paid
$700,000 a year, which will cover more than two
thousand dollars' worth to each member?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to ask
the Senator one question here. He,atone time,oc-
cupied the position of Postmaster General. I ask
him if, with the knowledge he then acquired, lie
docs not believe that, if we struck off the frank-
ing privilege, there would still be a large deficiency
existing that would require these $700,000, or some
other appropriation, to carry on the ordinary ser-
vice of tnc Department?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman considers
an answer from me of any importance, I will give
it to him with great frankness.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. T certainly con-
sider the Senator from Vermont high authority
on questions of this kind.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have explained my views
heretofore on the general subject in the Senate,
and received attention from some gentlemen, and
from some probably not. When I had the honor,
if it be an honor, or at any r.ite, when I had the
labor of having charge of that Department of the
Government, it was managed under the five and ten
cent system of postage—five cents, I think, for all
distances under three thousand miles, and ten cents
for all over that. With those rates of postage, the
Post Office Department paid all its expenses, and
we did not then have the annual appropriation of
§500,000, to- which I have called attention. Then
the $200,000 per annum, which was appropriated in
1847, was not drawn for. We had no right to draw
for U until our postage money became exhausted.
Wo had no occasion for it, and it was not drawn.
Under those rates of postage the Department paid
for itself. A good deal of effort was made at that
period to have the postal reduced. According
to my understanding of the functions and duties
of the Department, I reported against it, and it
was not reduced during the time that 1 remained
there. I left the Department in 1850. The re-
port of 1850, made by my successor, Mr. Hall,
will show a whole year's work of mine, for 1 left
there in July, having done the whole year's work
that he reported in December. In 1851, the post-
age was reduced to three cents. I do not know
how much gentlemen believed it would jncrcuso
the income of the Department, on the ground that
by having less postage you would have more let-
ters. I never believed much in that sort of reason-
ing; nor has the amount of letters very essentially
increased, though it has somewhat; but I doubt
whether it has increased m proportion to the in-
crease of population. But a great many more
things have added, since that, to the expenses of
the Department. The settlements of our country
have extended, and the mad service has spread very
far and wide since then; it has gone to the Pacific.
I believe [ set up an overland mail myself to Santa
Fe, and one to Salt Lake, but not to the Pacific,
to which one is now run at an expense of $600,000
a year. Our service by way of the Isthmus was
then going on. There has not only been a re-
duction of postage, but a very great increase of
expense; and in my opinion, the revenues of the
Department cannot meftt its expenses, under any
management, at the present rate of postage and
the present amount of service; but an appropria-
tion from the Treasury, and a somewhat heavy
one, will be annually required.
But, sir, I do not believe anything in the idea
which the head of the Department has sometimes
entertained, that he will he relieved very much by
the abolition of the franking privilege-. 1 take it
as a matter of course, that if we abolish the frank-
ing privilege, we shall take away the $700,00©,
which is the annual appropriation to the Depart-
ment in compensation for it. X presume they will
£0 together. If it is provided that the matter no-vf
franked shall be paid for according to tlje usual
rate of postage, my impression is that very much
of the franked matter will not be printed. The
Department seem to consider that they would re-
ceive just as much on the franked matter when
the privilege is abolished, as the postage on that
matter would amount to if it were sent through
the mail by private individuals. My idea is, and
I have no doubt many gentlcmen^who desire to
do away with the franlring privilege expect, chrit
by that means the result will be, as documents
cannot be sent off free, we shall stop printing
them. That is what I expect and desire. In my
estimation, at the end of three years after abolish-
ing the franking privilege, ana depending on the
franked matter being paid, the Department would
not obtain as much from it as they now get from
the annual appropriation'of $700,000. Ihen the
franked matter would not be printed; or, if printed,
it would not be sent off, if we had to pay for Send-
ing it. The result would be that the Department
would lose the carrying of the franked matter, and
lose the $700,000 a year also.
If the honorable gentleman from Arkansas asks
me whether as much as that will not be necessary
to come out of the Treasury under the present
rate of postage, I tell him, undoubtedly; and, in
my opinion, a great deal more than that. You
will observe, however, that that appropriation is
made for carrying the franked matter, and there
will be some of it to carry for the Department,
even if you pass this provision; and there will be
enough to cover the occasion, though not any-
thing like the amount allowed, so that the Depart-
ment would draw out annually the $700,000, un-
less we repeal the laws authorizing it when wc
pass this provision.
I did not rise with a view to occupy the time of
the Senate now. I desire that the question of the
franking privilege shall be taken into considera-
tion by itself and properly provided for, and that
the system which shall take its place shall go into
effect at a proper time and in a proper way. I do
not think it advisable to undertake to encumber
this little bill to pay for the past services of con-
tractors, with matters like this, on which we may
very well differ.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur with the Senator from
Vermont, that the passage of this amendment will
not suffice alone; in other words, that further legis-
lation will surely be required, not only in the
particular case to which he refers, but others. I
think, however, it is the entering wedge; and, if
this amendment is passed, the legislation which
is necessanly connected with it will follow; but
if we wait to pcrfect tho whole measure, and to
connect the abolition of the franking privilege
with all the laws which arc incident to it, we shall
probably never see the privilege abolished. I,
therefore, think it is better, notwithstanding the
j forcible objections which the Senator from Vor-
! mont has suggested, that we should adopt this
amendment now, and then go on and perfect the
laws in relation to the Post Office Department; and
1 waited in the hope that I should hear him, be-
cause of his great experience, say that he thought
it advisable that the revenues of the Department
should again become subject to the drafts of the
Department. fiVom the time the revenues ol
tho Department were thrown into the Treasury,
we departed from the policy which had preexisted,
and clearly adopted that which led us to rely on
the Treasury for the support of the Post Office
Department. I had hoped, therefore, that the Sen •
ator from Vermont, because of his special knowl-
edge and great experience, would have given us
his view in relation to a return to the old policy
in that respect.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not suppose it the
appropriate time for that. I have my views; I
have heretofore expressed them. The gentleman
from Georgia knows what they are.
Mr. DAVIS. It is because of the great value
| I attach to the opinion of the Senator from Ver-
i mont that 1 expressed my desire to hear hiift on
■ that particular point—not that I supposed he had
11 omitted anything which I liad a right to indicate
\\ as that which he should himself have directed his
,, attention to.
