I860.]
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
36th Cong.... 1st
The Tariff-—Mr. Moore.
Ho. op Reps.
are all the effects of the tariff; and the remedy pre-
scribed for each andall these iiisis more protection
—a higher tariff—as sovereign a cure, they pretend,
as " parmacetti for an inward bruise."
The honorable gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] who addressed the committee on Mon-
day last in support of this bill, and of which he
claims the paternity, urged its passage on the
ground of the insufficiency of the revenue under
existing laws, and also because the latter were
oppressive in their operation upon the general in-
terests of the country.
That gentleman seemed much concerned at the
public debt which the Government owed—being
no less, according to his statement, than about
sixty million dollars; all of which, he tells us,
will fail due between this and the year 1868, and
to provide the means to pay any portion of which
there must be a revision of the tariff and an in-
crease in the rate of duties. How hard run must
be the advocates of protection, when they resort
to such flimsy excuses as this for an'increase of
the tariff; for none know hotter than they that
higher duties will, in fact, diminish the revenue.
No one can be more opposed than myself to see-
ing a permanent public debt fastened upon this
Government. This should never be the case in
times of peace, if it can be avoided; but what, let
me ask, is a debt of fifty or sixty million dollars
to such a Government as ours? Compared with
the national debt of England, or of France, and
how pitiful is this sum.
Our Government has seldom been free of debt.
In 1700 our national debt was over $75,000,000;
in 1816, it had increased to over $120,001),000. At
the commencement of General Jackson's admin-
istration, it was over $60,000,000,and yet, before
its close, it had been entirely extinguished. In
1848, owing to the Mexican war, it again ran
up to §63,000,000. In the short space of tluee
years, during General Pieree'.s administration,
$>45,000,000 of the public debt were paid oil', and
I do not doubt that by arigid system of economy,
the present debt could be as soon paid off, and
that, too, without any resort to additional taxa-
tion. Instead, though, of a system of economy,
the wildest extravagance has been indulged in of
late, and the public expenditures have increased
to an alarming extent in every branch of the pub-
lic sorv,r<\
The total expenditures of the Government
were—
In 1792  .^0.141,5(57 67
1S0   il fl-2
1810  i:U19,9SG 79
18-20  2h76;s.oH
38I50  Qi,5Pr>«8l 55
1S-J0  el
1&>0  4^,47(1,101 31
18j9 8J,511 57
The latter includes $17,000,000 paid of public
debt; leaving actual expenses $66,000,000. The
War Department, alone, for the year 1859, eost
§23,635,820 94; more than double the whole ex-
penses of the Government in IS00.
Extravagance leads to profligacy and corrup-
tion, and will, if continued in the way it has com-
menced here, soon cause the destruction oi the
Government, or make it not worthy of preserva-
tion. To lop off existing abuses, roll back this
flood-tide of extravagance and corruption, and
once more restore the Government to its pristine
purity, simplicity,ai^l economy, would be a task
more difficult, it may be, but certainly-far more
honorable and glorious, than was that of cleansing
the Augean stables which is preserved in story as
one of the superhuman labors of Hercules.
_ What would a prudent individualdo, under like
circumstances, in the management of las private
affairs? Would he not cast about him to see what
expenses he could curtail, and commence the prac-
tice of the most rigid system of economy ? The
honorable gentleman, however, rather sneers at
the idea of retrenchment and economy, and says:
" The Secretaries have made economy their 'pa-rtiexdar
vanity.'' Tliey beat Coijgre&s: and the Navy is to lot, the
public htnhliap;? are to stop halfway up, anil the mail ser-
vice be crippled and put upon ciuichc<, lest additional dc-
niancU ase created upon the Treasury."
I admire the gentleman's frankness in this. He
does not follow the example of most of his party,
who, after voting to cut off the public lands as a
source of future revenue, and to appropriate mil-
lions of dollars for internal improvements, and to
New Series—No. 18.
build marble palaces for custom-houses, post
offices, and court-houses, and seldom ever voting
against any private claim, no matter how un-
founded, or against any scheme to deplete the
public Treasury, yet clamor most loudly against
the extravagance of the present Administration.
Far be it from me to desire to acquit this Admin-
istration of its duo share of responsibility for the
increased public expenditure. At the same time,
it is due to truth to say, that this increase has
been going on under all Administrations. At first,
this was slow and gradual; but of late it has gone
on with wonderful rapidity. Where lies the chief
responsibility for these wasteful expenditures it
is not difficult to determine,prince not one dollar
can be taken from the Treasury and expended
without the authority of an act of Congress. It
is the sheerest hypocrisy, then, in the Opposition
to charge the whole blame 011 the Administration,
when they have themselves, as the Journals show,
with prodigal hands, scattered the public money
in every direction and for almost every conceiv-
able object. If the revenues of the Government
were raised by direct instead of indirect taxation,
the people would scrutinize more closely the man-
ner in which they were expended. From the man-
ner in which the Republicans usually vote on all
questions involving the appropriation of money,
it leally seems as if they designed to swell the ex-
penditures of the Government so highly as to
create the necessity for the imposition of higher
duties.
Strenuous efforts were made at the last session
of Congress to increase the tariff. Immediate
action was then demanded. We were told that the
necessities of the Government required it; that the
tariff of 1857 had proved to be a failure; that the
imports had so fallen off, and the receipts into the
Treasury had been so greatly reduced, that the
Government would become bankrupt ;besides, that
distress and ruin had already overtaken the manu-
factui ers and the commercial men of the country.
Circumstances seemed to favor their designs.
The President, with his potent influence, was aid-
ing them, and therefore the protectionists seemed
confident of success. In vain was it argued that
the falling off in the imports and in the receipts
had been occasioned by the late monetary revul-
sion in Europe, which iiad extended also to this
country. In vain was it urged that the tariff of
1857 had not yet had n fair trial. Rather than
fail, the tariff men seemed resolved on defeating
every appropriation bill, and thus stopping the
wheels of Government. Those who were here
will well remember haw persistently they voted
not only against the appropriation bills, but also
against any loan or Treasury note bill, to supply
the temporary wants of the Government. Down
to the closing hours of that Congress, this obsti-
nate determination was manifested by them. And
somewhat of this disposition lias been exhibited
at this session; for it will be recollected that Hon.
Mr. Campbell, one«of the leaders ill this contest,
gave this House formal notice that he and his
friends would oppose the passage of any other
appropriation bill until this of the tariff had been
acted on.
Not content with pursuing this revolutionary
course, other means have been employed. One
member from Pennsylvania, at the last session,
proclaimed here that the vote of that great State
could never be secured by any party which would
not give, protection for the sake of protection to the
coal and iron interest. This public declaration
of one of her Representatives evidently implied
that any party which would afford protection
for the sake of protection might rely on the vote
of that renowned old Commonwealth. And an-
other member from that State, at the commence-
ment of this session, declared, that if we would
only yield to 'their demand for more protection to
coat and iron, he, at least, was ready to sever his
connection with the Republican party.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what does all this sig-
nify? An important presidential election is near
at hand. Pennsylvania, it is believed by many,
holds in her hands the control of that election.
Her vote is promised to "that party which will
draw the largest amount of money from the peo-
ple, and transfer it to the pockets of her manufac-
turers. In the glowing pages of Gibbon we read
that, when public and private virtue and true pa-
triotism had become extinct at Rome, and liberty
itself had sought a more congenial dwelling-place^
far away from the corruptions of thatimperial city,
that Empire, the then mistress of the world, was
put up and sold to the highest bidder. One by.one
the bids were made, until,at last, he who offered
the highest price was declared to be thepurchaseir,
and was duly installed as Emperor of Rome.
Have we so far degenerated that the chief honors
of this great Republic, and the control of its des-r
tinies, are als'o to be offered to the highest bid-
der? Sir, it is unworthy of Pennsylvania; and I
do not believe she has authorized her Represent-
atives here even to intimate that her vote can be
influenced by any such unpatriotic and sordidly
selfish considerations.
Mr. Chair-man, the honorable gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] and all who have thus
far spoken in favor of this bill, openly advocate
protection for the sake of protection. It seems,
indeed, strange that at this enlightened day the
principles of protection should find any advocates
here. I can only account for it from the fact, ad-
mitted by the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Florence] the other day, that the
tariff question was 110 longer a financial, but a sec-
tional question. The gentleman well knows that
while the chief burdens will fall on the South, his
' constituents will be benefited by a high protective
tariff. No wonder, then, that fielf-interest has
blinded his clcar understanding, and made him so
earnest an advocate of the protective policy.
England early adopted this narrow, restrictive
policy of protection. Not only did she attempt
to exclude from all her dominions the products of
other countries, unless carried in her own ships,
but heavy duties were also laid on all articles she
imported, and many were entirely excluded. Her
bad example was but too closely followed here.
As if in a spirit of retal in tion, we, too, adopted nav-
igation laws, imposing restrictions upon her ship-
ping and her manufactures.
For the purpose, too, of protecting her agricul-
tural interests, England had for centuries, by her
oppressive restrictions, almost entirely excluded
the introduction of corn and other provisions into
her dominions. Her toiling millions had long
groaned under the burdens imposed upon them
by these rigorous laws. Living on scanty food,
receiving low wages, and enjoying few of the com-
forts of life, her laboring classes had but little to
cheer them; but far below them were many others,
half clad and half famished, who could only hope
to escape starvation by gaining admission into the
poor-houses. Her trade and commerce too were
declining, and her revenue was diminishing year
by year, and general decay seemed visible in every
branch of her industrial pursuits; but still no prime
minister had been found bold enough to propose
the abandonment of this her ancient exclusive
policy, until Sir Robert Peel, long the leader of the
protectionists, was inspired with the noble cour-
age to sever the party ties which had hitherto
bound him, and to stand forth the eloquent cham-
pion of free trade. It is impossible, even at this
distance of time, to read without emotion the last
great speech of this distinguished British states-
man, in which he avowed his change of opinion
on tiie subject of protection. To him England
and the world were chiefly indebted for the repeal
of the corn laws, and the inauguration of that sys-
tem of commercial freedom the benign influences
of which have been felt to some extent in every
corner of the civilized world.
I was proud to see, at the last session of Con-
gress, so large a number of the Representatives of
the great and growing West taking their stands
firmly against a higher tariff. If they would not
check the growth and prosperity of then- section
of the Union, let them siand shoulder to shoulder
with us of the South in resisting every attempt
which may be made, 110 matter under what plaus-
ible pretext, to impose additional taxation upon
the people. Their fertile fields can supply the
world with grain; but they require, no less than
the cotton planters of the South and other pro-
ducers, that commerce shall be unfettered; that
they may have a fair field for the exchange of their
agricultural products for those of other countries;
that they may be permitted to buy at the cheapest
and sell at the dearest market. Look at the rapid
increase in value of our exports of grain; and this
