1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Mr. HUGHES. There is no reason for it. If
there be the submission that is proposed it will
cause delay, and there may be, I know, some
doubt as to the result. I understand that the
■whole matter was actively canvassed in the last
election for municipal officers.
Mr. CARTER. Am I to understand from the
gentleman from Maryland that the people at the
last charter election voted on this subject?
Mr. HUGHES. Not at all. This was a ques-
i tion which was then agitated, and as the opinions
' were for or against it, the citizens cast their votes
lor municipal officers.
Mr. CARTER. I understand the gentleman,
then, to say that the municipial office rs were elected
with a view to the construction of this market-
house ?
Mr. HUGHES. So we were informed in com-
mittee.
Mr. CARTER. I did not understand it in that
way.
Mr. HUGHES. The Mayor told us so.
Mr. THEAKER. The gentleman intimates
that our olfactories maybe differently constructed.
It may be that-lie can scent something that I can-
not. I will not dispute that fact. X ask the gen-
tleman, however, to tell me what he has seen or
what he can see about the market-house in Wash-
ington from which the stench he speaks of can
arise? The gentleman may have been about the
Ssh market and may have been offended with the
odor arising from that part of the house. For
one, I assert that there is nothing I have seen
there, from the cleanly washed pavement to any
other part of the house, that would give rise to
the belief that there could fairly be apprehended
a generation of disease. Certainly, if the pave-
ment were marble it could be no cleaner. What
is brought there for sale would create the same
odor in a span new establishment that it does in
this old one.
Mr. HUGHES. I take alt I have said back.
I apologize to the market-house. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARTER. 1 find in the act of incorpo-
ration of the city of Washington, this clause:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That the corporation Phall not
have power to increase the present funded debt of said cor-
poration, either by borrowing money or otherwise, unles-s
it shall he agreed to do so hy two third? of the legal voters in
said city at an annual election; and the said corporation
shall annually apply a sura of not less than §10,000 of its
revenue to the redemption of the present debt of the cor-
poration."
Mr. Speaker, the people of tho District not
having called upon the Committee for the District !
of Columbia to pass an act of this kind, author- ,
izing the corporation to saddle them with an ad- j
ditional debt of $220,000 for the construction of a j
market-house, all that, we desire is that tho ques- !
tion shall be submitted to the people to determine !
whether their incorporated authorities shall have
power to tax them to that extent. That is all we t
ask. It is all the people require. .It is a hard [
thing that Congress shall set up its ipse dixit and
say that the people shall be taxed for the construe- j
tion of this nfarkct-house, whether they will or j
not. If we do that, sir, we will have the people of
this District clamoring in our cars hereafter that, j
as we had authorized this debt, in all fairness we i
should pay it. You may depend upon it, that in
„ such ease the people will come with that demand
upon us, and that the result will be, we will have
to pay the debt out of the public Treasury.
The streets in the city want repairing; and the
people say that if they are to be taxed, it should
be for the purpose of putting this city in a habit-
able condition. Tliey say that the streets are not
cared for as they ought to be, and that they are
willing to be taxed for the improvement of the
streets, or anything else which is nccessary to be
done. They say they should do other things be-
fore they build this market-house; and if you
compel them t > be taxed for this market, you may
depend upon it veu will have to pay for it.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to say to the House
that' those bonds are to be based upon the revenues
derived from the building; and it is believed that
those revenues will reach thirty-five or forty thou-
sand dollars a year.
Mr. TAPPAN. I vise to a point of order. It
is, that this debate is not in order to-day. I ask
whether this is private business?
The (SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
dfbatp is in order. The question is upon concur-
ing in the amendments of the Senate to the amend-
ment of the House. The Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia recommend a non-concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were not concurred in.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU, ETC.
Mr. CAREY. I ask the attention of the House
for a very few moments to what I consider a very
important subject to the country, and especially
to the House at this time. The Committee on
Agriculture have instructed me to report to the
House a preamble and resolution, asking for in-
struction, as the paper will show. I ask for the
reading of the paper.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Whereas history teaches that there can be no civiliza-
tion without skill in agriculture, thatdeath is the award of
improvidence to nations as well as individuals, and that
the extinction of vitality is the consequence of abuse in this
fundamental ait: that wc have the example of the solici-
tude felt by all the civilized nations of the world for the
advancement of agriculture: that it is beyond a doubt that
much of our public domain is not capable ot supporting life,
and much of thcJand once considered-.-^ be inexhaustible
has ceased to be cultivated, and the piocess of exhaustion
is on the increase: that the main subsistence—crops of the
United States—is yearly growing less, fiom causes which
would appear to bo increasing in their action, and which
have not been appreciated or propeily studied, and there
exists a conviction m the minds of scientific and learned
authorities, and it improved by our short experience that the
possibility of contuiumg to produce our great staples, cot-
ton, wheat, tobacco, and corn, under the system of culture
practiced, ib mo&t questionable, and must eventuate m pov-
erty, wretchedness, and a disappearance of population : that
the causes, and consequences thereof, with their remedies,
are susceptible of incontestable pioof: thattfur population
is subject to periodical returns of calamities and (atal dis-
eases in a great measure dependent upon our bad agricul-
tural practices: that the richest portion ot our inheritance
remains not only uncultivated, but a living cause of disease
and death, and that within comparatively few yeais, sci-
ence has revealed a knowledge of the constitution <Tf the
earth, connected with vitality, of the deepest interest to our
race—a knowledge not possessed by our fathers, and fui a
want of winch they are in nowise icsponsibLe: that the
means of greatly lessening the uncertainties that attend
upon the methods now in use of meieasing articles of ne-
cessity and luxuries, of removing the causes of disease, and
lengthening the average duration of hie. of improving the
yield of our lands, is within our reach: that all these great
results are perfectly feasible and practicable; and that they
are instantly required, is shown by manifestations emanat-
ing from divers souiccs, and by the repeatedly expressed
desire of this community that there should be an independ-
ent bureau established by this Government: Theiefoie,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to repoit to this House a bill for tho promotion of
the interests of agriculture, lor the organization of the agri-
cultural division of the Department ot the Interior, now
in a defective condition, and demanding an immediate
icmedv.
Mr. BRANCH. la that a private resolution?
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to it?
Mr. CAREY. It is a report from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture.
Mr. BRANCH. I objcct to it.
The resolution was not received,
.TAJIKS HARRINGTON.
Mr. McPHERSON, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, made an adverse
report upon the petition of James Harrington;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MARY IIELMER,
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Mary Helmer, for back pay due her
father, Ebenczer Osgood, a private in the war of
tho Revolution; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
LUKE PUTNAM.
Mr. DUELL also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Luke
Putnam, asking for a law granting pensions and
bounty lands to the heirs of revolutionary sol-
diers who'served for a period of one month or
upwards; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
GEORGE PAItKIIURST.
Mr. DUELL also, from tho same committee,
made an adverse repoi t 011 the petition of George
Parkhurst, a soldier in the war of the Revolution;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
NATHANIEL HEARD.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Nathaniel Heard; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
BRICK FOR''THE WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT, ETC.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire to submit a resolu-
tion from the Committee on Public Expenditures,
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury for
certain information in connection with a private
bill. The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he
is hereby, requested to furnish the House of Representa-
tives with a copy of the contract entered into on the 23d
January, 1854, between William H. Deggs and Francis H.
Smith, and Montgomery C. Meigs, acting for and on behalf
of the United States § a statement showing what was done
by the said Deggs & Smith, or their assignees, or substitutes,
under said contract; what interest William II. Degroot has
or had m said contract, and particularly and fully what has
been done by the said Secretary in pursuance of the follow-
ing resolution, and whether the said Degroot has not been
settled with by the Government, in compliance with the
terms of the said resolution:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Reprcsentatiics of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That tho
Secietary of the Treasury shall settle and adjust with all
the parties respectively interested therein, on principles of
justice and equity, all damages, losses, and liabilities in-
curred or sustained by said parties, respectively, on account
ot their contract for manufacturing brick for the Washing-
ton aqucduct; and he is hereby directed to pay the amount
found due by such settlement and adjustment out of the ap-
propriation made for payingthe liabilities for the said aque-
duct by the act making appiopriations for certain civil ex- •
penses of the Governmenttorthe year ending June 30,1857,
approved the 18th of August, 1856: Provided, That the said
paities first sui render to the United States all the brick
made, together with all the machinery and appliances, and
other personal property piepared for executing the said eon-
tract, and that the said contract be canceled.
"Approved March 3, 1857.
Mr. HASKIN. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to that resolution.
Mr. CURRY, I object to the resolution.
Mr. HASKIN. It is in order, becausc it relates
to a private bill upon the Calendar of to-day, and
I move the adoption of the resolution. I am a
little surprised that any gentleman would object
to a resolution calling for information from the
Secretary of the Treasury in reference to a claim
which I believe he will satisfy this House has
been settled.
Mr. CURRY. I understand that the Speaker
is calling the committees for reports of private
bills. I do not understand that this is a repoit
from a standing committee.
Mr. HASKIN. It is a report from the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures asking for inform-
ation.
Mr. CURRY. But that committee has not yet
been called.
The SPEAKER. It has been called.
Mr. CURRY. I would inquire whether this
matter has been referred to that committee ?
Mr. HASKIN. It has been submitted to the
committee, and a majority of the committee have
directed me to present this resolution calling for
information.
Mr. CURRY. I ask whether this matter has
been referred to the committee by the House, and
whether this resolution is in response to that ref-
erence ?
Mr. HASKIN. There has been no special
reference of this subject to that committee; but
under the general power of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, they have a right, without
any special reference, to report a resolution to the
House calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for certain information. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will withdraw his objection, and
that the resolution will be passed without oppo-
sition.
Mr. BURNETT. The resolution is not before
the House. I cannot see any objection to tho
resolution; but before remarking upon it, I ask
the Speaker to decide the question of order raised
by the gentleman from Alabama. The point is:
that this matter not having been referred to that
committee, a report from the committee is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
is not well taken.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, Mr. Speaker, I say
to the gentleman from New York, that all the in-
formation which he asks, except for an expression
of opinion from the Secretary of the Treasury,
is now on file in the case to which he refers, in-
cluding a copy of the contract and all, with the
