274
•APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Moore.
Ho. 03? Reps.
has been chiefly furnished by the "West. From
1844 to June 30, 1857, inclusive—being fourteen
years—our exports of breadstnifs and provisions
amounted to an average per annum of over
$40,000,000, while for the fourteen preceding
years they amounted to only about $13,000,000
per annum.
The honorable gentleman from Vermont en-
deavors to ridicule the doctrines of free trade. He
is-pleasrd to call it " the poetry of legislation—a
sunlit theory." It can well withstand all such
assaults. The principles of free trade have been
approved by the ablest statesmen and public econ-
omists m the world; by such men as Jeremy
Bentham, Adam Smith, and Sir Robert Peel. They
have made their way to popular favor by slow
and gradual steps; causing all the barriers of an-
cient prejudice to crumble before them. Though
sternly opposed by those interested in maintain-
ing the system of protection, and despite the fore-
bodings of ruin and disaster which were to follow,
these principles were partially adopted by England
years ago, and their success has vindicated the
wisdom of those who first incorporated them into
her legislation. Absolute and entire free trade has
not been attempted as yet cither here or in Eng-
land; though in the latter, the principle of protec-
tion has, I believe, been entirely abandoned, and
in both advances have been made in the direction
of free trade. And surely it cannot be that either
will abandon the vantage ground which they have
gained afterso longa struggle, and that, too, when
the benefits of the partial experiment have been
so marked, so unmistakable.
"Witness the beneficial effects of the reciprocity
treaty with England. In 1852, before this treaty
went into operation, our exports to Canada
amounted to about $10,000,000, and our imports
therefrom $6,000,000. In 1854, our exports were
$24,000,000, and imports about §9,000,000. In
1859, our exports were $28,000,000, and our im-
ports $19,000,000.
The tariff of 1857 was passed by an overwhelm-
ing majority in both Houses of Congress, and
was received with favor in nearly every part of
the country, but especially by the manufacturers
of New England. "Why, then, repeal it? "VVe
are told by the able Secretary of the Treasury that,
without some extraordinary appropriations be-
yond the estimates, there will be a surplus in
the Treasury on the 30th Juno of this year and
of the next. The manufacturers themselves, it
« ould seem to me, will consult their own best in-
terest by opposing these frequent changes of our
revenue laws. The honorable gentleman [Mr.
JVIorro.l] says that stability is what is heeded;
and vet, with strange inconsistency, he urges, m
the same breath, the repeal of the present l$w; and
that., too, before it has been hardly three years on
the statute-book. In the comparatively few years
of our existence as an independent Government,
we have already had, I believe, no fewer than six-
teen different tariff laws. Surely, it is time now
to pause until the present, at least, has had a fan-
trial. But the clamor comes up'principally from
Pennsylvania. She demands more protection for
her coal and iron. These are articles used ex-
tensively by the manufacturers themselves, as well
as by the farmers and the mechanics. Why, then,
should these, and nearly every other class, be
made to suffer, and bear the burden of heavy tax-
ation merely for the benefit of the few engaged in
the coal and iron business? I do not believe New
England can desire it, or that her Representatives
would support any such proposition .now, except
for the sake of party expediency.
That this tariff is highly protective cannot be
denied. But it is an improvement on that of 184U,
and not" even to be compared with that odious
protective tariff of 1842. The chief objection to
the present law is the extensive free list. This
makes it operate partially, while all taxes ought
to be uniform. It was a concession to the man-
ufacturers, and chiefly for their benefit, that this
free list was made so large. During the last year
nearly §100,000,000 of the imports paid no duty;
and thesg were articles used principally by the
manufacturers. Still, not satisfied, it is now pro-
posed by this bill to extend this free list. Why
should such articles as are used by the manu-
facturers exclusively pay no duty, while sugar
and salt, and every article used by the poor, and
in fact by all classes, should pay heavy duties. In
the able report of Mr. Boyce, on free trade, it is
stated that the consumers in the United States of
the articles of sugar, cotton, woolen and iron
manufactures alone, paid in the year 185G the sum
of about $40,000,000, and in 1846 not less than
$50,000,000, as the enhanced price of these arti-
cles, over what they would have cost had no duty
been charged on them.
Would it not tend to bring discredit upon pop-
ular and free institutions, should this Republic,
instead of taking the lead in the race for commer-
cial freedom, as she ought to do, return to the
exploded system of protection ? The monarchies
of the Old World ar^ abandoning these antiquated
notions of monopoly and restriction, and arc now
opening wide their ports to the commerce and free
exchanges of the world. Look at England and
Prance, those ancient rivals, striving for years,
yea centuries, to injure each other, by opposing
barriers in the way of reciprocal trade and com-
merce. Now, they are removing all obstacles to
the free interchange of their surplus products and
manufactures, and are both setting out on a new
career of greatness and prosperity. AH honor to
the rulers of those two ancient and renowned
kingdoms, for the boldness with which they-have
taken their stand on the side of free trade.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Morris] spoke of the act of 1842 as one of
the most patriotic that was ever passed by Con-
gress. Its repeal, he declared, was an act of per-
fidy and treason to the best interests of the coun-
try; and that the passage of this bill could alone
repair the mischief entailed on the nation by the
repeal of that law. It would be no difficult task
to show the disastrous effects of that protective
tariff upon the trade, the commerce, and the agri-
cultural interest of this country.
Under the tariff of 1842, the average of duties ac-
cumulated to forty-one per cent., about double
what they had been prior to its passage. The
duties on cotton goods were from thirty to one
hundred and sixty per cent.; on cotton bagging,
from fifty-five to one hundred and twenty-three
per- cent.; on coarse woolens, from forty-two to
one hundred per cent.; salt, at least seventy-seven
per cent.; iron, from thn ty-five to one hundred
and sixteen per cent. The coarsc fabrics of cot-
ton or woolen, worn by the poor, were taxed five
times as high in proportion to their value as those
worn by the rich; and yet that gentleman pro-
nounces this one of the most patriotic acts ever
passed by Congress. Half the revenues under the
act of 1842 wore collected under the minimum and
specific duties; and the duties were so high oil
many articles as to prohibit their importation, and
consequently furnished no revenue to support the
Government.
The rapid increase in the imports and exports
of tlie country under the tariff of 1846 showed its
advantages over that of tlie previous high tariff.
Take the amount of iron imported under tlie tariff
of 1842. Thetotal amount of imports of iron from
1st October, 1842, to 30th November, 1846, (four
years and two months,) $26,358,479; duties collect-
ed in the four years and two months, §10,970,906.
Under the tariff of 1846, from 1st December, 1846,
to June 30, 1848, (one year and seven months,)
$18,196,281; duties, $5,426,739. Sec the vast in-
crease m the imports of wines, brandies,&r., (un-
der the tariff of 1842,} for the year 1844, $852,738;
under the tariff of 1^46, for the year enuing 30th
June, 1847, $3,959,061.
In the ten years, from 1847 to 1857, our imports,
exports, and tonnage have each more than doubled;
showing a wonderful increase in the commerce,
products, an^wealth of the country, notwithstand-
ing' the disastrous effects which the gentleman
would have us believe had followed the repeal of
the high tariff of 1842.
The honorable gentleman [Mr. Morrill] who
reported this bill says that the specific duties are
intended mainly as a change of form, and not to
increase the amount of the duty paid. The spe-
cific duty proposed on bar-iron is fifteen dollars
per ton. The amount of revenue on this one item,
not embracing any other of the various kinds of
iron, will exceed that collected under the present
law, upon the amount of importations of last
year, the sum of $424,000. Upon railroad iron
the difference woula amount to over $300,000. On
cotton goods would amount to over $1,000,000.
And yet the honorable gentleman says it was
merely intended, as a change of form 1
Look at the railroads now in operation in the
United States—over twenty -four thousand miles—
and consider that over five hundred million dol-
lars have been expended in their construction. Is
not this important interest also to be looked after?
Will you, by high duties, cripple your trade and
diminish the quantity of imports as well as of ex-
ports, and consequently of freights, or will you
not rather, by low duties, encourage the trans-
portation of the products of the soil and of man-
ufactures, by opening up the highways and re-
moving all barriers in the way of the free inter-
change of commodities? All over the southern
States, and jfarticularly in my own, a spirit is being
awakened in favor of internal improvements.
Thousands of miles of railroads have already been
projected, and are now under contract; and it is
unjust, it is ruinous, to impose higher duties on
railroad iron. Is it not enough that for every
mile of railroad which may be constructed, over
one thousand dollars have now to be paid to the
iron manufacturers of this country? Can gen-
tlemen be so blind as to believe that the mechan-
ics and agriculturists of this country will be
content to pay to the manufacturers more tfian
twenty-four dollars of their honest earnings out
of every $100 expended in the purchase of iron ?
Ought this not to satisfy even the cupidity of the
manufacturers themselves? The wonder only is
that the great body of the freemen of this country
do not rise in their might and demand a reduction,
instead of submitting to an increase, of the pres-
ent rates. Under the present bill it is proposed
to levy a duty which will amount to not less than
$1,600 per mile, or, for the eight thousand miles
now projected in the southern States, not lesa
than $12,000,000.
We are urged to return to specific, in lieu of
ad valorem duties, in order to prevent frauds and
undervaluations. That these frauds may be prac-
ticed, to some extent, is no doubt true; but how
many laws are there that are not violated ? The
laws are now very stringent, and if they aie now
violated, with all the safeguards and penalties
now provided, may they not be still more under
higher duties, where there will be such induce-
ment to engage m smuggling? Specific duties
arc odious to our people. They regard them, and
not without reason, as a cunning device to cheat
them; an expedient for increasing their burdens.
It is admitted that specific duties may he so
low that the taxation would not thereby be in-
creased. But was there ever yet a specific duty
laid in any previous tariff bill which was not in-
tended, and did not have the effect, to increase
the duty. It is apparent that one of the objects
proposed by the specific duty on iron and other
articles is to increase the duties and afford more
protection. Between the two, the advantages are
altogether in favor of the ad valorem over the spe-
cific duties. The one pays the duty according to
the actual value; the other, according to an as-
sumed or false value. The one is plain; the other
complex, as well as deceptious. A specific duty
of fifteen dollars per ton on iron may not to-day
excced thirty per cent.; while in a month or a
year, by the fall of prices abroad, the duty may
amount to sixty per cent.
Specific duties do very well in those Govern-
ments where every expedient is resorted to to pro-
cure money from the people; where their expend-
itures are upon a gigantic scale, and a certain
amount is absolutely necessary to preserve the
public faith and credit. But they arc wholly un-
suited to the genius of our people. If, then, you t
design levyingadditional taxes on the people, and
that solely for the benefit of the manufacturers,
do it m an open'and manly manner. But do not
resort to this insidious plan, in order to disguise
from them the amount of taxes which they pay.
Practice no such fraud upon them, if you desire
to preserve their attachment for the Government.
The laws ought all to be so plain and simple that
they maybe comprehended by every individual,
even of the commonest understanding. This, if
there was no other, would be a serious objection
to the proposed bill. Indirect taxation is at best
a contrivance to tax the people, and, at the same
time, keep them in ignorance of the amount that
