1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
exception of showing the interest which the party
had in it.
Mr. HASKIN. I would state, in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that I desire by this
resolution to ascertain from the Secretary of the
Treasury whether the matter embraced in that
claim, reported by a committee, (and I think he
made the report,) had not been settled under the
resolution referred to in my proposition. For the
purpose of legislating understanuingly on the sub-
ject, this private bill coming up to-day, I think
that that information should be procured from the
Secretary of the Treasury; and I am surprised
that any gentleman would object to the resolution.
I move its adoption.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire simply to say that
the report in the case to which the gentleman re-
fers was prepared originally by General Ward,
of New York, and reported to this House, at the
last session of Congress, by me, General Ward
being absent through sickness. During the pres-
ent Congress the case was authorized to be re-
ported back from the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
The question wastaSen; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
proposition to go into committee.
Mr.TAPPAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the gentleman from
New Hampshire will withdraw the motion till
the call of commitees for reports is completed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I sincerely hope the House
will not go into committee now. Let us finish the
call of committees to-day,and then, if the House
desire, it can go into committee. The probability
is, that if we go into committee now, we will not
discuss more than a single bill to-day. Let gen-
tlemen who have reports to make get rid of them
at once. Next Friday will be objection day, and
we can go into committee on Friday and Satur-
day, and dispose of a large number of bills.
Mr. TAPPAN. We ought to be getting off at
one end what we are getting on at another.
Mr. FLORENCE. Ifthere were any practical
good to result out of our going into committee I
would not object. The experience of the gentle-
man from New Hampshire will justify me in say-
ing that we can do nothing to-day with the Pri-
vate Calendar, if we go into Committee of the
Whole House at this hour. Let the call of com-
mittees be concluded.
Mr. TAPPAN. If there is a general feeling
all over the House not to go into committee, but
to go 011 with the call of committees for reports,
I have no objection. My sole object is to further
the business on the Private Calendar as fast as
possible; and I know that the effect of what we
are doing is to enlarge the Calendar at one end
while we are doing nothing to clear it at the other.
Mr. FLORENCE. I fully appreciate the mo-
tives of the gentleman from New Hampshire. I
know his liberality and generosity [laughter] so
well, that I had no doubt he would consent to my
request.
Mr. TAPPAN. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of committees
for reports of a private nature.
heirs of william p. m'cally.
Mr. NOELL, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bili for the relief of the
heirs of William P. McCally, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
lewis w. chatfield.
Mr. NOELL, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do not
pass, a bill (H. R. No. 292) for the relief of Lewis
W. Chatfield; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
JACOB A3IM0ST.
Mr. NOELL also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill for the relief of Jacob Ammon;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
1 nancy btjkey.
Mr. NOELL also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 293) for the relief of
Nancy Bukey, widow of John Bukey; which was
laid on the table, and ordered-to be printed.
Mark elisha's heirs.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Private Land Claims
to report back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a hill (S. No. 43) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Mark Elisha. It is
a matter of little importance. It is simply to con-
firm the title to a small tract of land in the State
of Louisiana. I ask the consent of the House to
put it upon its passage now. The member from
Louisiana [Mr. Davidson] is personally familiar
with the case.
There being no objection, the bill was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAMILLA C. PONCE.
Mr. BOULIGNY, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Camilla C. Ponce; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
FRICIIE & RODRIGUE.
Mr. BLAIR,from the same committee,reported
a bill for the relief of Charles Friche and Edward
Rodrigue; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
erastus s. JOSLYN.
Mr. WOODSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill forthe relief ofErastus
S. Joslyn; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
M. M. MARMADUKE AND OTHEItS.-
Mr. WOODSON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of M. M. Mar-
maduke and others; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
LAND TITLES OF KANSAS INDIANS.
Mr.WOODSON, from the same committee, also
reported a bill to settle the titles to certain lands
set apart for the use of certain ljalf-breed Kansas
Indians, in Kansas Territory; which was a read
a first and second time.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask to have that bill put
upon its passage now. It is a unanimous report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill recites that, under the treaty of 1825,
between the United States and the Kansas nation
of Indians, lands were reserved in small quanti-
ties for every half-breed of the Kansas nation
named in the ninth article; and it vests in the
reservees now living, and in the heirs of those
who are dead, the fee simple in the land reserved,
set apart, and allotted to them respectively; de-
claring null and void all contracts made for the
sale or disposal of the same.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 make the point that this is
not a private bill.
Mr. WOODSON. It is certainly a private bill.
It relates to a private matter exclusively.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I had misunderstood its
purport, and I will withdraw my question of or-
der.
The bill was then wdered to bo engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and pas'sed.
Mr. WOODSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abrauam Livingston's heirs.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the Committee on i
Military Affairs, reported a bili for the relief of
the heirs of Abraham Livingston; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
morris k. simons.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of Morris It.
Simons, of Jackson county, Texas; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
adverse reports.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same commit-
tee, also made adverse reports on the following
eases; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed:
The memorial of David Sayers for bounty land;
The memorial of Hugh Ferguson,-praying for
an amendment to tTic bounty land laws; and
The petition of George Hall.
wendell trout.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Wendell Trout-;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am directed by tile
Committee on Military Affairs to ask the Ilouss
to put that bill on its passage at this time.
The bill was read. It directs the proper officer
to issue to Wendell Trout a warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of bounty land for his ser-
vices as a teamster in the Indian wars of 1793 and
1794.
The second section directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of the same person on
the pension roll, from the 4th of March, 1860, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, to continue
during- his natural life.
Mi-.PENDLETON. I desire to say thata com-
munication from the Commissioner of Pensions,
which I hold in my hand, states that the only rea-
son why a warrant was not issued in his favor
was the fact that the rolls of the company were
burned in 1812.
Mr. BURNETT. Is there any satisfactory
evidence of service?
Mr. PENDLETON. Yes,sir; theevidencois
complete. There is an abundance of evidence;
j affidavits of halfa dozen different persons proving
his service. There was no doubt in the minds of
the committee, but the proof was not sufficiently
technical to come within the rules of the Depart-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and re,ad
a third thnc; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
samuel a. cole.
Mr. MORSE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel A.
Cole, an assistant purser in the Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with £he ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
assistant naval engineers.
Mr. MORSE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the memorial of the assist-
ant engineers of the United States Navy, askins:
an appropriation for their relief; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
elias m. archer.
Mr. CURRY, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of Elias M. Archer;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. joiin m'daniel.
Mr. BABBITT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
the surviving children of John McDaniel, a sol-
dier of the Revolution; which was read a first and
secondtime, referred toa Committee ofthc Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
saraii noward.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, re-
ported abill forthe reliefofSarah Howard, widow
