1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
of James Howard; which was read a first and
sccondtimc, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to bo printed.
SAMUEL 11EMICK.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of Samuel
Remick; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
ABIGAIL HUNTLEY AND OTHERS.
Mr. DELANO, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of Abigail
Huntley and others, for an increase of pension;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, in
writing, by the hands of his Private Secretary,
Mr. James Buchanan.
NATHANIEL EMERSON.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee 011 Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of the children of Nathaniel Emerson; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
MARY IIOPPI311.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Hopper;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
OB AM All IIADESTY.
Mr. POTTER, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report on the petition of the heirs
of Obadiah Hadesty; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
MARY DOUGLAS.
Mr. POTTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions to report back
to the House the case of Mary Douglas, and to
move that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
It was so ordered.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE.
Mr. POTTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions to report the
following resolution:
Resolved, Th it the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
bo authorized to employ a clerk, at the usual compensation
of four dollars per diem.
Mr. Speaker, I'will say in explanation of the
resolution, that the accumulation of business be-
fore the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions is
such at this time, and has been such, that the
services of a olei*k are indispensable. It is abso-
lutely necessary, sir, that we should have a clerk
for some weeks to come, in order that we may
get our business promptly before the House. I
hope that the resolution will pass.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
whether that committee has had a clerk hereto-
fore ?
Mr. POTTER." We have not. The business
before thq Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
has so accumulated, that it is utterly impossible
for us to get through with it in time, unless wc
are allowed the scrvicos of a clerk; and if we are
allowed a clerk at this session, there will be no
necessity, I think, for the employment of a clerk
for the committee at the next session.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 suggest to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, to limit the time during"
which the clerk for the committee shall be em-
ployed.
Mr. POTTER. Say, then, for this action.
Mr. HOUSTON". That is no limitation, for
flint is all tin; time he could be employed under
the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, oi Virginia. If the gentleman
from Wisconsin has occasionally need of the ser-
vices of a clerk, I ask him why he does not go to
the Clerk's office, where he will find clerks always
ready to write for him.
Mr. POTTER. I do not think that we have
the right to call upon the clerks in the Clerk's
office to do the business of committees.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly we have
the right to call for their assistance. I have often
done it.
Mr. BARKSDALE.-1 understand the gentle-
man from Wisconsin to say that the committee
has never had a clerk.
Mr. POTTER. I do not say that, because I
do not know. We had no clerk during the last
Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was upon the
committee some years ago, and the committee
had no clerk then.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am opposed to the ap-
pointmentof a clerk for this committee. I believe,
Mr. Speaker, that the duties of the committee can
be discharged without the employmentof a clerk.
If a clerk be now appointed for this committee, it
will establish a precedent; and hereafter, at the
commencement of each session of Congress, a
clerk will be asked for this committee. I believe
that it would be a useless expenditure of the pub-
lic money to pass this resolution. I am opposed
to it. I believe that it ought to be voted down by
the House, and that a stop ought to be put to the
employment of clerks by this House.
With regard to the amount of business which
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions are
icquired to discharge, I will say, that I do not
know how many bills have been referred to it.
It seems to me, that if it be neccssary for that
committee to have a clerk now, it was necessary
heretofore. Why has its business accumulated?
Why has it accumulated more at this session of
Congress than at former sessions? I have never
served on that committee; but I undertake to say,
that all the duties it is required to discharge can
be done without a clerk.
There are several gentlemen here who desire
employment, and I would be glad to see them get
it; but, sir, 1 will not vote to give them employ-
ment at the expense of this Government unless
their services are absolutely neccssary.
Mr. Speaker, we have heard much from the
other side of the House in reference to the heavy
expenditures of the Government, and yet they
are constantly proposing resolutions and bills for
the purpose o^ still further swelling those expend-
itures. I desire, if this resolution is to pass, that
it shall pass upon the yeas and nays, that it may
be known who arc for these unnecessary outlays
of the public money and who are not. Let us
sec who they arc that will vote unnecessarily to
increase the expenses of the Government. I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. X^OPTER. Let me say one word. During
the last Congress the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions had no clerk, and it was utterly im-
possible to keep the business up. That, sir, ac-
counts for the great accumulation of business at
this session. Gentlemen are aware of the fact that
cases of revolutionary pension require a great
deal of investigation. The papers arc voluminous,
and much time is consumed in looking over them.
If it were not absolutely necessary that the com-
mittee should have a clerk in order to the prompt
d ischarge of the public business, I certainly would
not ask the House to adopt the pending resolu-
tion. I call for the previous question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, that I question his judg-
ment and not his motives in the matter.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to*permit me to amend his resolution.
It has been the custom when resolutions have
been passed for the employment of clerks to pay
them from the commencement of the session. I
hope ho will accept the amendment. I propose
that the clerk shall be paid only on the statement
j of the chairman of the committee, with reference
■ to the time he was employed..
1 Mr. POTTER. I am perfectly willing to ac-
cept that as a modification of my resolution.
Mr. THOMAS. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions will with-
draw his demand for the previous question, in
order that I may say a word or two. I am a mem-
ber of the committee, and desire to be heard.
Mr. POTTER. I will withdraw the previous
question if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. THOMAS. I will. I will say, Mr. Speak-
er, that I have the honor to be a member of the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. 1 think I
have been pretty faithful in my attendance, and I
: • desire to bear my testimony to this House as to the
industry and efficiency of our chairman. If other
members of the committee would second his ef-
fort to discharge the public business, we would
have no trouble in getting through-with it, and
doing it in three weeks. But, unfortunately, in
one half of the meetings we have held, we have
not been able to command a quorum of members.
There are some members of that committcc who
have not, up to this day and hour, shown their
faces at any of its meetings. That is the state of
things. Nine members are appointed to discharge
a particular duty, and wc have a chairman who
is desirous to perform that duty faithfully; but
he is not seconded by his committee. He cannot
do ail the business himself; and the question is
submitted to the House now, whether we shall
appoint a special clerk, and pay him for doing the
duties which members of the committcc ought to
do, or whether the members who fail to discharge
their duties ought to be reported to the House.
They are gentlemen with whom I associate every
day, and I shall not report them.
£>ut I submit that it is the true course, as I re-
marked to the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee the other day, to require members to do their
duty, and not to call for a clerk to perform duties
which rightfully devolve upon members of the
committee. Therefore I say that, in my judg-
ment, wc have no use for this clerk. All we'want
is a committcc that will he ready and willing to do
its duty; and with such a committee we can do all
we have to do in a very few weeks.
In conformity to my promise, I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COBB. Do I understand that the resolu-
tion is modified so as to restrict the employment
of the clerir to the present session ?
Mr. POTTER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot appoint a clerk
to extend beyond the present session any way;
therefore that modification does not avail any-
thing.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to have it modified,
so as to limit the pay from the time the resolution
is passed.
Mr. POTTER. I stated before, I thinkj that
for two or three weeks past it has been absolutely
neccssary to employ a clerk.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; with that ex-
planation going on the record, I waive my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. As a matter of coursc, the
clcrk cannot bo paid exccpt upon the certificate of
the chairman. To modify the resolution so as to
restrict the employment of a clerk to the present
session is useless, becausc that is in the resolution
already. You cannot employ a clcrk for the next
session, because the committee for that session
does not exist.
Mr. ASHMORE. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chalk's F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
raiu, Aldrich, Alley, William C.Anderson, Ashley, Beale,
Bingham, Blair, Blakfe, Bouligny, Brabson, Brayton,Bris~
tow, Buffinton, Buriingame, Burnham, Carey, Carter, Case,
Colfax, Corvvin, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge,
Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Frank, French, Goocb,
Gurley, Hale, J. Morrison Harris, Helmick, Hickman, Hill,
Howard, Hutehins, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Lec,Longneckcr, Loomis,MaIIory, McKnigbt, McPherson,
Milhvard, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Morse, Nelson, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Chris-
topher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Scramon, Spnulding,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Tapp;m, Thcakcr, Tompkins,
Trimble, Vandever, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson,
Woodruff, and Woodson—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Boeoek, Bianch, Briggs, Burnett, John
B. Clark, Cobb, Cooper, Crawford, Curry, Gartiell, Hamil-
ton, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Houston,
Jenkins, Jones, Larrabee, Logan, Love, Charles D. Martin,
McCiernand, McRae, Millson, Montgomery, Sydenham
Moore, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, Phelps, Pugh, Quarles,
Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin, Rust, Sickles, Singleton, William
Smith, William N. H. Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson,
Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood,Vallandigham,
Vance, and Whiteley—56.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Hall was
paired with off with Mr. HiNDMANfor two weeks.
Mr. HOARD. I have paired off for to-day
upon all party votes; and understanding that this
is considered as a party vste, I withdraw my vote.
