2662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
all their rights; and this report is the nearest ap-
proach wc could make to it. Forbearing ourselves
to decide anything of a constitutional character,
we endeavor to restore the parties to that equita-
ble condition that' they were in before; to place
them hvstatu quo, and leave them there, each with
all his rights unaffected unimpaired; to con-
test them before the judiciary of the country,
avoiding all possibility of doing wrong, which we
anxiously desired to avoid, by undertaking to de-
cide this matter in controversy.
I regret that I have taken up much more time
than I intended in this vindication of the course
of the committee, and I hope to have nothing more
to say about it.
• The bill wasreported to-the Senate as amended.
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Will the Senate concur in the amendments made
as in the Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. PUGH. 1 was out when the second sec-
tion was stricken out, but it seems to mc that the
whole bill taken together is fair to ctll parties; and
I am adverse, though I did not draw the bill, to
any amendment striking out the second scc.tion,
which, I understood, would avoid the difficulty
suggested by the Senator from Louisiana, of leav-
ing an unsettled controversy in his State. How-
ever1, my friend from Georgia may explain that
possibly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would suggest to my friend
from Ohio that we putin, in lieu of the sccond sec-
tion, what I think will effect the purpose, free from
objection. I think there is nothing in it, but still
I have acquiesced in it; and now I propose, in lieu
of the second section, to put in this:
And be it further enacted, That Congress hereby refuses
to confism to the claimants under tho llouma-s grant the
land5* embraced in certificates numbered one bundled and
twenty-five to William Conway, numbered one hundied
and twenty-seven to Daniel C Urn, ami numbered one hun-
dred and thirty-three to Donaldhoa and Seott.
It effects exactly the same object. You can do
nothing until the final action of Congress on the
subject. All this thing is held up until final action.
I move this in lieu of the amendment made in
Committee of the Whole, striking out the second
Section.
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to say a few words, and
but a few, to explain the vote 1 shall give on this
bill. 1 have como to the conclusion, after listen-
ing to this debate, having had some doubt about
it in the outset, that we have no right to repeal the
second section of the act of 1858; and for that rea-
son I shall vote against the proposed legislation.
I have the more doubted this, and endeavored to
convince myself that we had the right to pass
such an act as this, when I have seen around me
gentlemen of great legal ability, especially the ven-
erable gentleman from Kentucky, take the ground
that there was no such interest, vested by thr act
of 1858 as would prevent Congress from repeal-
ing that act, and divesting it, if any there be. I
have come to a. different conclusion, as I have said
already;andhence,accordingtomy sense of duty
here, understanding the Constitution as I do, it
imposes upon me an obligation, I think, not to
vote for this bill; and I wish, therefore, simply to
give the reasons which have influenced mc in com-
ing to that conclusion.
What do we propose to repeal? The second
section of the act of 1858, in express terms, refers
to certain claims which have been reported upon
by certain commissioners by name, and expressly
confirms them. It says further, that they are to
be found in the State Papers, at a certain page,
and under certain names. By reference to the
State Papers, it will be seen what that report was.
The commissioners appointed under the act of
1805 were required to report to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who was then required to report
their decisions to Congress for thoir action. If
any gentleman will take the trouble to refer to
the State Papers, he will see that these claims
are specifically reported upon—nay, sir, the very
metes and bounds, I may say, are referred to and
set out; at all events, they are set out with suffi-
cient certainty, as 1 think, to establish them under
the preemption act of 1858.
Now, Mr. President, it is insisted by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, and with great
plausibility, I admit—I hope he will excuse me
for using that term—that this second section of
the act of 1858 is to be construed in connection
with the third section of the same act, and that
nothing was intended to be confirmed until the
machinery of the act was carried out and com-
plied with. I do not understand it so. Herein
the sccond section is an express confirmation of
the claim, according to the reports made by the
commissioners, and they are specifically referred
to. The very boundaries arc given there, and the
claims are confirmed as reported. What does that
amountto? Itmustamounttosomething. Ithink
I shall show directly what it does amount to, and
that it is a vested interest, at least, to some extent.
I think, as has been insisted here by the honor-
able Senator from Delaware, and more at length
by the honorable Senator from Texas, that the
act of 1858 is a legislative grant, operating as fully
and as completely as it would have done had there
been an express grant, in ordinary parlance, is-
sued by the Government to these parties.
Why, sir, what does the third section provide?
Nothing more than that these parties shall go to
the proper office and have their land located, and
then obtain a patent. What is that patent ? It
is but evidence that the Government has parted
with its title. It amounts to nothing more. It
adds nothing additional to the force and effect of
the confirmatory clause in the second section. It
is a mere act to be done by a ministerial officer of
the Government, upon certain other things being
done, in order to enable the party to complete the
evidence of his title. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky says there is something more in it. That
something more m the third section is this, and
this only, according to my understanding of it:
that where there are private claims upon this
Houmas grant; where the party has taken out
his patent—for all that follows the taking out of
the patent, I think, as the honorable Senator will
sec from the reading of the third section; it is
something subsequent to that time—and where it
appears to the proper officer of the Government,
designated in the third section, that the party who
has had his title confirmed and his patent issued
has not got all the land that it called for—for the
reason, as I suppose, that the Government had
already granted away a part of it—then the Gov-
ernment agrees to do—what ? It agrees to make
it ^ood to him, by authorizing and requiring that
officer to issue to him a certificate for so much
land which he may have located upon any public
lands belonging to the Government. That is the
effect of it, and that only.
It has nothing to do with the second section of
the act. It has nothing to do with what precedes
itauthorizinganti requirmgtho patent toissue; for
all that is to be done, as my honorable friend will
see,afferthe patontis issued: notbefore. Itisnota
condition precedent, as ho has insisted, to the issu-
ing of the patent; but all that is to be done after the
patent issues. The purpose was to make good the
full amount of the land, contained upon the face of
the patent, to the claimant. Inasmuch as the Gov-
ernment, for some reason or other, in fact and in
truth, had admitted, by the confirmation of the re-
port of the commissioners, that it belonged to the
Houmas claimants, it intended as a just Govern-
ment, not discussing now at all the merits of this
matter, to make good that deficiency which had
been taken from them. That is all, as my friend
will see, I think, from a critical examination of the
third section of this act. If is no part of the ma-
chinery necessary to get the title. It not only
followed the confirmation, or is to follow theeon-
firmation, but was to follow also the very issuing
of the patent itself. After that had issued, upon
its being made to appear that the claimant had
not got his full complement of land, the act went
on and provided further means of his obtaining it.
I have said, sir, that 1 think this is a confirma-
tion of the right of these parties. A great deal
has been said about that matter. My attention
has been called to a decision upon this question;
and 1 think, by that decision, the point is fully set-
tled that this confirmation amounts to a legislative
grant, with which no court can interfere; and if
no court can do it, certainly Congress cannot do
it. 1 have before me a case decided m 1844, by
the Supreme Court, of the lessee of Robert Grig-
non, Peter Grignon, and others, against John J.
Astorand otheis, which came up from the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin. I am glad to say that my
honorable friend from Kentucky was a counsel in
tho case, and made one of the very points in that
case which 1 am endeavoring to make here now;
and I think, in legal parlance, that that case is
precisely on all fours with the one now before the
Senate. What was that case?
" Both parties derived title, from Pierre Gi ignon, deceased,
who was one eighth Indian and seven eighths Fiench. lie
died in March, 1823, leaving liobcrt, born in 1803, and Pe-
ter, born in 1805 or 1805, his only children, by an Indian
woman, to whom it was alleged lie had been married. They
made a conveyance or one third of the lands to Morgan L.
Martin, by deed 15th November, 1834, who, together with
the two sons of Pierre, vveie the lessors of the plaintiff be-
low.
<VA patent was issued by the United States, on the 21st
of December, 1829, to Pierre Grignon and his he.irs^ recit-
ing that, by the third section of the act of Congress, ap-
pioved on the 21st of Febiuary, 1823, Pierre Grignon was
continued in his claim to the tract of land containing two
hundred and thirty acies, bounded, &c., and granting said
land accordingly."
This was tho case made out by the plaintiffs in
the court below. Now, a word or two here. It
will be seen that the ancestor of the plaintiff died
in March, 1823, while the patent to him and his
heirs, for this land, did not issue until the 21st of
December, 1829. That patent referred to an act
of Congress confirming his title, approved the
21st of February, 1823, a very few days before
the ancestor of the plaintiffs died. That was the
plaintiffs' case. How did the defendants claim?
It appeared, after this claimant died, dying intes-
tate, letters of administration were taken out upon
his estate, and his administratorproceeded,under
the laws there in force, to obtain an order of sale
of this land, and it was sold, and sold prior to the
issuing of the patent; and the defendants claimed
title by virtue of that sale, by means of conve)'-
anco. What were the points in controversy?
There were a great many; but the only point to
which I desire to call the attention of the Senate
at present is one in relation to the title ofthis man,
under whom both parties claimcd. It was said
he had no such interest in the land at the time
the administrator took out letters of administra-
tion, and had it sold, as was the subject of sale,
because, in fact and in truth, he was dead before
the issuing of the patent; and that the adminis-
trator in fact acquired no rights under the patent;
in other words, that he had no interest at the time
of the sale. That question came up before tho
Supreme Court, among others. What did the
court say? I will show you what was said:
<K It has been contended by the plaintiffs'counsel that
the sale m the present case is not valid, because Peter Gng-
non had not such an estate m the premises as could be sold
under the order of the county court, it boms only an equi-
table one betore the patent issued m 1S29; but i he title be-
came a legal one by its confirmation by the act of Congress
of February, 1823, which was equivalent to a patent. It
was a higher evidence of title, it was the direct grant of
the fee, which had been in the United States, by the Gov-
ernment itself; whereas the patent was the act of its min-
isterial officers."
That was what thG court held upon that point.
Now, I say that point is precisely like the one
now presented to the Senate, unless there be
something differing in tho. two acts, the act of
1858and the act of 1823, by which this man's title
was confirmed. The court held that that was a
legislative grant, just as effectual, to all intents
and purposes, as a patent; that the patent was
merely the issuing of a piece of paper as an evi-
dence of title by the ministerial officers of the
Government, and gave no validity at all to the
title, which had already been confirmed by the act
of 1823, six years before the patent issued. I will
refer the Senate, and my friend from Kentucky,
to the act of 1823, confirming this man's title.
True, the language is a little different; but I think
the two acts are substantially the same. I think,
with all due deference to him, he has brought in
a matter in the transaction whieh does not affect
the question involved at all in relation to making
provision for these claimants on this Houmas
claim. Here is the third section of tho act of
1823. There were commissioners appointed in
that case. It was their duty to report, and their
reports were to be laid before Congress, and it
was necessary that Congress should confirm their
reports in order to make good the title. The
third section is to this effect:
u Sec. 3. *dndhe it further enacted. That patents shall, and
they arc hereby directed to be ivsued, in the mode pointed
out by law in othei cases, to persons whose claims to lands,
town, or village lots, have been regularly filed with the •
commissioners appointed by an act entitled { An act to
revive the powers of the commissioneis for ascertaining
and deciding on claim* to land in tho district of Detroit,
and toi settling the claims to land at Green Bav and Prairie
du Chieu, m the Territory of MieUigtui,' passed on the lltli
day of May, 18-50, and wiiuse claim* are contained in the
report transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
which have been repoited favorably on by said eommis-
