1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
sioncrs; and such persons are hereby confirmed in their
claim?, agreeably to any surveys heretofore made, or the
lilies and boundaries established by the claimants respect-
ively."
These cases are identical, it seems to me, ex-
cept that in this case the patent is first directed to
be issued, and then goes on to state why and how;
and it is upon these confirmations—upon the re-
port of the commissioners, and they having been
confirmed—the patent is to issue. Thereupon this
case came up in the way that I have stated, be-
fore the Supreme Court, and the decision was,
that it was not necessary to complete the title
that the patent should issue; but that the confirm-
atory act of 1823, ipso facto, amounted to a title so
far as the sovereign was conccrned.
If that be so, then I cannot conscnt for one mo-
ment to undertake to repeal this act. I do not
think we have any right to do it. It is true, the
learned gentleman before me [Mr. Crittenden]
has intimated that we may possess such a posver.
I do not think so. I have never heard it con-
tended before that the Government of this coun-
try had any right to divest private rights, or pri-
vateproperty of any kind, without compensation.
I do not think we possess any such power under
the Constitution. I may be wrong about it, but
I thought that was the accepted opinion; and I
havotfcvcrheard itdoubted before this discussion.
Such being my opinion, I do not think I can vote
for this bill. I do not propose to go into a dis-
cussion of the effect of this grant That has been
very thoroughly discussed. I have nothing what-
ever to say upon that subject. I listened with a
great deal of pleasure to the gentleman from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Benjamin] as to the effect which the
extension of these lines was to have under the
old Spanish law, and how far they would go. I
listened to my friend from Kentucky. I cannot
say that I am entirely satisfied about that matter,
but it seems to me that the question is coram non
judice. The question now is whether we have
the right or power to repeal this second section
of the act of 1858. I knowit is said, by my friend
from Kentucky, that our repeal does not amount
to anything, supposing we have not the power.
But, sir, when a question of that kind is presented
to me here, I think I am bound to dccide it; and,
acting upon my opinion as to my constitutional
obligations and duties, I, for one, for the reasons
given, cannot vote for this bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be very loth
to appear as an advocate for any general power
in this Government to divest the rights of prop-
erty in citizens. The remark that I made on that
subject was, that the gentleman from Delaware
had alluded to no particular provision of the Con-
stitution, and that I did not knowof any positive
provision of the Constitution m regard to it; that
certainly that provision of the Constitution which
inhibited States from violating or impairing con-
tracts was not made with a view to the General
Government. 1 would consider it a very bad prin-
ciple certainly to do it; but I endeavored to make
an exception m this case. The whole difference
between the Senator from North Carolina and
myself arose out of the third section, which we
construed differently.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the question be-
fore us, as I understand the facts, is in relation
to certain lands lying in the State of Louisiana,
being a part c f the Territory of Louisiana ac-
quired by a treaty from France. I have not had
the good fortune, being necessarily out of the Sen-
ate engaged in other duties, to hear much of the
argument on cither side I had not the advantage
of the opening argument of the lionorable Sena-
tor from Louisiana; but I read with some cure
the report of the committee, to whom this subject
was referred, and the question presents itself to
my mind m this light, it isa matter of some im-
portance, I think, in the history of the country;
because, as we are aware, it has been made a sub-
ject of very fierce assaults upon gentlemen of
deservedly high public distinction m the country;
and because it involves a demand on the power
of Congress to revoke an absolute grant, hereto-
fore made, of whatever title might be m the Gov-
ernment to a portion of these lands.
It is always usual in the public law, in trans-
ferring land from one dominion to another, to
rcsnect grantsof land under that dominion, made
by'the party transferring before the transfer was
made. It is always usual to respect those grants,
and there is always provision made in the treaty
of transfer to take care that they shall be respectcu;
but the question arises of necessity, what are and
what are not valid grants? We have had in-
stances in a number of cases in our own country,
in the acquisitions that have been made from for-
eign countries; the case of Florida; the case of
Louisiana; the case of California; when we have
acquired public dominion from a foreign Power.
There is always contained in the treaty making
the concession a reservation with respect togrants
that are made before the transfer was completed,
in order to ascertain their character. Provision
is made in the treaty, and afterwards carried into
effect by law, to create a tribunal to pass upon
tliQse foreign grants.
So it was in the case of Louisiana. A board
was raised, called, I think, a board of commis-
sioners, whose duty it was to inquire into the va-
lidity of grants that were made by any precedent
sovereign, prior to the transfer to the United
States; and this is one of those grants. It seems
there was a very large grant made upon the Mis-
sissippi river while this Territory was under the
dominion of Spain. That grant, came before the
board of commissioners, who were provided for
in the treaty, and instituted bylaw to inquire into
their validity. It is staled that that board reported
in favor of this specific grant. There was a fur-
ther provision in th'e law, that the report should
take effect, or the grant should have validity, when
it should be confirmed by an act of, Congress.
The report was in favor of the validity of the
grant, subject, however, to the conlirmation by
Congress. That is my recollection.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir. That was true as to
imperfect titles. They were to be confirmed by
act of Congress; but there never was a provision
to confirm perfect grants by law in that act.
Air. MASON. I may have misinterpreted it.
Mr. BENJAMIN, if the Senator from Vir-
ginia will allow me, he is perfectly correct in his
statement.
Mr. MASON. I do not think it is a matter of
any great moment. I think I may assume it as
fact, that this board did report in favor of this
grant, but it was subsequently confirmed by Con-
gress. I suppose that is so. If it is not so, if no
confirmation was necessary, it will strengthen the
view i have taken of the case.
But to pursue the view which I had originally
taken, the board reported in favor of the grant as
early as 1812. It was a very large bod y of land, em-
bracing i know not how many hundred thousand
acres. Grants were of that character in ourearly
days by every dominion that held property on
this continent. There was a grant in my own
State, which was always respected, of a territory
larger than the State of Delaware, lying between
the rivers Potomac and Rapahannoek, and run-
ning from the bay up to the sources of those
rivers. The grant was always respected, notwith-
standing its immensity. 1 say, then, these grants
at an early day were of an immense size. This
was one of them; but it was nothing to compare
with the grant in the northern part of Virginia.
It appears further that Congress never acted
upon the report of the committee. Why they
did not, I do not know; but they never_ did act;
and during that lapse of time, very large inter-
ests, large not only in territory? but large in pe-
cuniary value, grew up upon title thus reported
upon favorably—adverse to whom? Adverse to
the United States, of course. Large interests
grew up during this period, or perhaps anterior
to it, and continued subsequently during the pe-
riod from the report of those commissioners up
to the time, two years ago, when the law was
passed that is now complained of. Titles were
taken upon that grant, and large sums of money
expended under it. Large lntorcstsgrcwup under
it. I have been informed—not, I take pleasure in
saying, from any informant who sought me to
give the information, for not one has done it on
either side; but I have been informed, upon in-
quiry, that interest to the amount of more than a
million dollars has grown up during this interval
upon land under that grant claiming under this
title that is now questioned—questioned not only
by the United States, but by those who have gone
upon some portions of the land without any title
at all.
I come back to the proposition, if there are in-
terests m the land the subject of this grant that
are to lie considered here, they are adverse to the
United States; if adverse at all, they are adverse
to nobody else — adverse to the United States,
Interests have arisen under the circumstances al-
luded to, where there was a title confirmed, by
the board created by law, and unacted .upon b.y
the United States; and during that period these
large grants have grown up, and this large invest-
ment has taken place. «
Now, what is said by the bill which it is now
proposed to put in forcc ? It is said that whether
these interests are well founded or not, whether
the grant under which these occupants claim is a
valid grant or not, shall now be submitted to the
courts. The bill, according to my recollection,
for I have read it, requires that all who come
under that grant shall present themselves to the
courts of the United States, and exhibit their title,
and make it good, if they can. That is very
much the sort of demand that was made upon
the barons of old by one of the English Kings,
When those barons were called upon to exhibit
title to land that they and their ancestors had
been in possession of time whereof the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary, the answer
given was: "Our title is in the scabbard—our
swords." Their swords were their title. Now,
sir, I do not know, except in the single instance
brought to my information, who the parties are
that arc to be affected by this bill, if it should
become a law; but! apprehend that they arc large
purchasers, and therefore so few in number that
they cannot appeal to the sword. They can ap-
peal only to the equity, the fair dealing, the jus-
tice of the country.
Then, how docs it stand? These parties have
been in possession all this time underatitlc which
they had a right to presume to be good, if for no
other reason, because that board of the United
States had reported in its favor, and Congress
had, by its silence, acquiesced from 1812, the date
given here, up to 1858. In 1858, a law was passed
-—I know its general provisions from the debate
which has taken place, but I never read it until
now—which seems to mc especially, prudently,
and wisely guarded in its provisions to do no in-
justice to individuals. A law was passed con-
firming the decisions made by that board to ad-
just private land claims, and in that law was this
provision:
w The same arc hereby confirmed, saving and reserving,
bowovrr, to all adverse claimants, the right to assert the
validity of then* claim in acoiut or courts of justice."
Against whom? Saving to " all adverse claim-
ants—against the United States or inter sc, J pre-
sume—rights which ought to be preserved to them,
to assert any claim that they might have, which
were not to be affected by this grant. It was a
clear, equitable, wise provision. Again:
" And provided, that any claim so rccommeiylcd for con-
firmation, which may have been lejected in whole or m
part by any subsequent boaid, is specially exempted from
the confirmation."
It does seem to me that that clause of the law
was carefully guarded, and took care that the law
did nothing more than the law intended to do; and
what was that? To surrender any claim which
the United States might have, if they had any, to
the parties in possession during this period, and
whose title was good, unless the United States
asserted an adverse one. That is all that there is
of the law passed in 1858. Last session, I think,
there came here in the form of pamphlets that
reached me, as I have no doubt they did other
Senators, complaints made against this clause in
the law as one improvidently made. It was al-
leged that it cscaped, they presumed, the notice
and attention of Congress, because it was inserted
in a law the title of which would seem to lead to
legislation for other purposes, and it was assailed
upon the ground that the legislation was improp-
erly made, and that it would scarcely affect the
claimants, or rather the petitioners, the remon-
strants, who, they said, had gone upon land as
public land, recognizing the title m the United
States, but rccogmzing it nowhere else, and whose
rights would be prejudiced by the passage of this
law. In that state of things, the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who it
seems, as chairman of the committee, had reported
this law with that scrupulous propriety which
belonged to him and his position, asked of Con-
gress to do—what? Not to repeal the grant—very
far from it; but asked of Congress, as a matter
