1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cceds. Suppose a thousand of the speeches of
the Senator from Georgia are sent out, all the
postmasters in the country being his friends, the
probability is, that the postmaster would sell those
pamphlets and periodicals for a trifling sum, or
make some distribution of them, and account for
the amount, if he received anything for them, to
the General Post Office Department. This may
fee done, and the party m power which has con-
trol of all the postmasters in the country, may dis-
seminate documents all over the country through
the postmasters as they now do.
^ We all know that the postmasters are made the
distributing agents of particular men for documents
throughout the country; and they would continue
so under this amendment. When you abolish the
franking privilege, you propose to leave to mem-
bers still the right to frank matter. That is to be
paid for, you say, by the persons to whom it is
directed. Well, the persons to whom it is directed
do not take it from the post office, it remains there,
and the postmaster is not required to return this
printed matter to the General Post Office Depart-
ment. Everything would be accomplished that
is now done, when yo*u had the postmaster acting
in concert with you under the new system. You
do not cut off the abuse; and, therefore, I say, that
when we abolish the franking privilege let us do
it thoroughly and completely; and this.pretense
that members will be burdened by having to pay
the postage on a few letters that they may write
to individuals who may address them in regard to
their own business, is a very small matter. Any
gentleman who writes to us on his own business
will inclose us a postage stamp as he does now,
and that will pay the postage upon the letter which
we may write to him m reply. There is no diffi-
culty about that. By the amendment you propose
to charge the postage to the man who addresses
you; and what difference does it make whether he
sends you a stamp m the letter that he writes to
you or pays the postage when he gets your reply ?
rfone at all. 1 trust" that this proviso will be
strickcn out, and that wc shall make no half way
work with this abolition of the franking privilege.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dixon. Doohttle, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster,
Gumus, Hale, Uamlm, Hailan, Kin®, Nicholson, Seward,
Simmon4!, Sinnn^i, Ten E>ck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son. and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Mes-srs. IJerijamm, Bi'jlcr. Ihags, Bright, Brown,
CUe.-nut, Clay, Clmgman, Ciittcndcn, Dousrla>,
Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green, Gwm, Hammond, Haun, Hemp-
hill, Huntei, Ivorson, Johnson of Aikan>as, Johnson of
Tennessee, Lane, Mallory, Peaiee, Powell, Rice, Salis-
bury, Sebastian, Slidell, Toombs, and WigfalJ—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest to the
Senate that it is very clear wc cannot complete
this bill to-day, and I believe it is a fact that there
are not twenty men on this floor who have read
the bill at all yet. The hour is getting somewhat
late 
Mr. BROWN. It is the same bill that was up
last vcar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Who recol-
lects what was up last year? I do not. Many
gentlemen, when they went home, could not even
tell what was passed last year. Under these cir-
cumstances, at this hour, 1 think it is but justice
to ourselves and to the action here proposed to
be taken, thatweshould now adjourn;and I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER!. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Arkansas that we had better, at least, take a vote
on this amendment, and not have the debate on it
over again to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I may say that
I am not satisfied myself in regard to this matter;
and I will say furthermore to the Senator that I
believe the fault of all these things hesatthc doors
of members on the other side of the House, or
their friends in the House of Representatives, and
I do not wish by any action of mine to bring it
on tins side. I think this has some connection
with that. I am very far from being satisfied that
such is not the case. I do not wish to see gen-
tlemen plunge ahead now under a sort of enthusi-
asm that may be nil on one side, without being
fully aware of the result of the steps they may
take. That is precisely the present attitude of it,
I think. It may be, however, that I am very much
deceived in regard to it. I shall vote with a great
deal more earnestness, I know, if I am permitted
to look at the question and examine it. it is under
these circumstances that I propose now to make
the motion that I do, tp give parties on all sides
*nd all gentlemen full opportunity to read)>to see,
-o reflect, and think of that which i:
is now proposed
I therefore move that
to
to be done. ["Agreed!"]
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Ar-
kansas, if he insists on his motion to adjourn, will
permit the Senate to have a short executive ses-
sion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly, I will
give way for that motion, but I should like to read
this bill. I will only withdraw my motion for an
executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not ask you to withdraw
it. Did we determine to-day to meet at twelve or
one o'clock, to-morrow? ["One."] With the
consent of the Senate, as I am anxious to close
the debate to-morrow, and the House will be in
session the day after, I propose that we meet at
twelve o'clock to-morrow. [" Oh, no !"1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas withdraw his motion to ad-
journ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
from Virginia will make the motion he has indi-
cated, I will not only withdraw for it, but I will
vote for his motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed until to-mor-
row, at half past one o'clock, and be mode the
special order for that hour;and afterwards I shall
move for an executive session.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope wc shall have a short
executive session.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on division—ayes 21, noes 32.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 renew the motion for an ex-
ecutive session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Seriate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 8, 3860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels it
his duty to lay before the Senate the resolutions
offered on the 2d of February by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Dams,] which were made
the special order for one o'clock to-day, at that
time the Senate meeting at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that those lesolutions
be postponed until Monday next, and be made the
special oider for one o'clock on that day.
Mr. SAULSEURY. I hope my colleague will
allow me to offer an amendment, of which i gave
notice yesterday. I wish to offer the amendment
now.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator can offer it at
any time.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my friend from Del-
aware to change his motion, to make the resolu-
tions the special order of Tuesday next. There
is a special order for Monday, made yesterday, or
the day before—the naval pay bill. I prefer that
ho should say Tuesday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The postponement
of these resolutions leaves them still the special
order in their appropriate place on Monday next,
or whatever day they are postponed to. It is
moved and seconded that the resolutions of the
Senator from Mississippi be postponed until Mon-
day next, and be maue the special order for one
o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to present two petitions
which I received this morning from mail contract-
ors who performed the service during the last fiscal
year. I will read one of them: \
To the Senate of the United States:
The undersigned, mail contractors, w'ouldrespectfuliy but
most earnestly ask your honorable body to pass the appro-
priation bill for payment of service performed for the Post
Office Department to December 31, 1859, as it came from
the House; and if you cannot Mo that, to strike out the in-
terest clause, leaving it and all other questions for future
legislation. Our necessities are such as to require the most
speedy action.
Mr. GREEN. I more that tie petitions-lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest, as we are
anxious to close the Post Office bill to-day, that
we proceed at once to the consideration of it. If
it be the pleasure of the Senate, I hope they will
agree to it. Let us take it up now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
make that motion ?
Mr. PITCH. I thought the understanding yes-
terday was, that we should have an hour for peti-
tions and reports.
Mr. HUNTER. I understood we were to take
up the bill at half past one o'clock.
Mr. FITCH. That gives us half an hour.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Fessenpen as a member of the
Committee on Private Land Claims, in place of
Mr. Grimes, who was excused.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented the credentials of Hon.
James Harlan, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of the State of Iowa, for the term of six
years from and after the 4th day of March, 1861;
which were road, and ordered to be placed on the
files of the Senate.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Leonard
J. Rose, praying indemnity for property stolen
and destroyed by the Indians; which was referred
to the Committee or. Indian Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Mrs.
Ann E. Smoot, widow of the late Captain Smoot,
of the Navy, praying the benefit of the sixth sec-
tion of "An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to
promote the efficiency of the Navy" which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM presented a petition of citi-
zens of Calhoun county, Michigan, praying that
pensions may be granted to the survivors of the
militia who served in the war of 1812, and to the
widows of those who have died,or mayhereafter
die; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Michigan, praying that the heirs of the militia
killed in the Indian wars, or that of 1812, may be
placed on the same footing, in regard to bounty
land, as the heirs of those who served in the war
against Mexico; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HiiUN presented a memorial of the pres-
ident and members of the Pacific railroad conven-
tion, held in Still Francisco, California, in Septem-
ber, 1859, on the subject of a continental railroad
from the Pacific ocean to the valley of the Mis-
sissippi; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred aj>aper
in relation to the claim of Cromwell P. Swift, an
ordnance sergeant in the Army, to compensation
for performing the duties of assistant commissary
of subsistence, submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred papers in relation to the claim of
Cromwell P. S\jift, an ordnance sergeant in the
Army, for the reimbursement of an amount ex-
pended in the transportation of himself and fam-
ily while traveling under orders, submitted an
adverse report.
pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of John Shaw, pray-
ing remuneration for losses, &c., sustained by him
in furnishing six companies of rangers on the
Mississippi with provisions, ammunition, (fee.,
