1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1719
Mr. FLORENCE. This-is 110 party vote, be-
cause I voted for it; and nobody will accuse me
of belonging to the party upon the other side of the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Because the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania voted for it, is no proof
that it is not a party vote; for that gentleman votes
for everything which takes money out of the
Treasury.
Mr. FLO REN CE. Every gentleman is respons-
ible to his own constituents forthe votes he gives;
and I am responsible to mine. The gentleman
from Virginia is always generous to his own con-
stituents, but objects to taking money out of the
Treasury for the benefit of others. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Davidson.
Mr. SCRANTON. I move to dispense with
the reading of the votes.
The motion was agreed to.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
..The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment, to allow me to
make a report from a special committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw it.
Mr. CURTIS, from the special committee on
the Pacific railroad, submitted a bill, accompanied
by a report; which wag ordered to be printed, and
was recommitted to the committee.
HALF PAY TO CERTAIiV WIDOWS, ETC.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, by unanimous
conscnt, introduced a joint resolution, giving a
construction to the second section of the act of
February 3,1853, to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans; which was read a firsthand
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
KATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General has
sertt to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a letter, with the draft of a bill designed to
correct some mistakes in the Post Office law. I
ask that the bill and letter be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The bill amendatory of the laws regulating thij
rate of postage was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and, with the accompanying letter,
ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF TIIE HOUSE. j
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of priv- j
ilege. Some time since I offered a resolution in j
this House calling upon the Clerk of this House,
the Postmasterof the House, and the Doorkeeper,
to report to the House the number of their em-
ployes respectively, their duties and their salaries.
That resolution passed the House some time since,
but it has not been responded to by the Door-
keeper of the House. It is to me a matter of
surprise that a resolution calling upon an officer
of the House for information which this House
is certainly entitled to, and upon which I propose
to base legislation, should be treated with silence
by a gentleman whom we have elected to a sub-
ordinate position connected with the House. The
information is such as is desired by the House;
such as we have a right to ask; and yet that res-
olution has been treated with silence, if not with
contempt. Now, sir, I am somewhat at a loss to
know what course to pursue; but I will offer a
resolution in reference to the matter.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say to the gentle-
man, that up to the time of the passage of the
resolution in -regard to the compensation of em-
ployes, who had been continued in office under
the Doorkeeper, by a resolution of the House,
against law, I myself had advised the Doorkeeper
not to make the report until that matter was de-
cided, so that he might know what to report. I
would State, further, that the report is nearly
ready, and that it will be in by Monday next.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; then I will not
offer the resolution.
RIVERS AND HARBORS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced the followingbills; which were
severally read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the harbor at the mouth of St. Joseph's
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the harbor at the mouth of Black river, in
the county of Ottawa, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the harbor at the mouth of Grand river,
in the State of Michigan; and
A bill making an appropriation forthe improve-
ment of the haibor at the mouth of Muskegan
river, in the State of Michigan. *
AG ELI N A C. BOWMAX.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a bill (S. No. 229) for the relief
of Angelina C. Bowman, widow of Captain Fran-
cis L. Bowman, late a captain in the United
States Army; and asked that it be put upon it3
passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object, categor-
ically, to the bill being put upon its passage now.
It must first be considered in a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Virginia permit me to appeal to him and make a
statement? This bill was passed at the last Con-
gress. It is for the widow of one of the bravest
of Pennsylvania's sons*in the Mexican war, who,
having returned full of honors, was appointed to a
position in the Army in Oregon.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman will
not object. The bill has passed the Senate. The
Committee on Invalid Pensions have unanimously
recommended its passage by the House; and ob-
jection can only have the effect of postponing it
for a little time. The widow of Captain Bowman
is very needy. She made great sacrifices to get
even the remains of her husband over to the valley
of Wyoming, in the State of Pennsylvania. The
case is one of great merit. The bill will pass. It
is a mere question of time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FLORENCE. I was only going on to
state the history of the case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see that
the objection can be sustained. The bill makes
110 appropriation. The Clerk will read the bill.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name ofMrs. Angelina C.
Bowman, widow of the late Captain Francis D.
Bowman, of the ninth regiment of United States
infantry, on the pension roll, at the rate of thirty
dollars per month, from the I3th of January,
1859, to continue for life.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I had got tip for
the purpose of saying that I withdrew my objec-
tion; but I announce, at the same time, that I do
not mean to have any more cases of this sort, if
1 can prevent it. I am speaking now in advance,
so that no gentleman may suppose my objection
is aimed at him.
Mr. FENTON. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was ressl the third time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw it.
Mr. BURNETT. - This is a case in which we
make an exception to the general law now on the
statute-book; and there ought to be, in every bill
granting a pension under such circumstances, a
provision that the bill shall take effect from its
passage. It ought not to go back.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would state that the pen-
sion in this case merely goes back to the time of
the application; not beyond it. The House passed
! the bill at the last session of Congress, but it
failed in the Senate for want of time. The pen-
sion goes back to the dalvof the application. That
is the uniform rule.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. BRANCH. There is no demand for the
previous question pending now, is there?
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There was no demand for
the previous question on the passage of the bill
before the gentleman from North Carolina rose.
Mr. BRANCH. I only want to.ask whether
there is any reason why this bill should, be given
a preference over these hundred bills that have
been reported and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar; w;hether
there is any reason why this claimant should
have the preference over other claimants of the
same character in cases whichthe committees have
had referred to the Committee of the Whole
House ? "Is there any particular merit in this case
that does not belong to the others that have been
placed upon the Calendar ? Why should we be
called upon now to pass this bill outofitsorder,and
to the exclusion of these other meritorious cjises
that stand on the Calendar ? This is a course
unusual. The gentleman from Kentucky says it
introduces a new principle; and we all know that
when we once pass a bill here that brings in any
now principle, there are always plenty of claims
agents hanging around this Capitol who can find
and bring forward hundreds of other casesentitled
to relief on thesameprinciple, and who will make
their applications and claim relief on the princi-
ple thus established.
Now, I appeal to gentlemen of the House who
feel an interest in at least a hundred cases stand-
ingon the Calendar of the Committeeofthe Whole
House, whether they will consume the time of the
House to-day in passing bills without reference
to that committee, or whether they will not give
to this bill^and all others the direction which other
bills have'taken. We can then resolve ourselves
into a Committee of the Whole House, and take
up the Private Calendar in its regular order.
If it be in order, I move that this bill be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill; but first, I will ask,
for the infornfation of gentlemen, to have .the re-
port read. [Cries of "Oh, no; we do not desire
it read !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I could answer the gentle-
man from North Carolina, if I had the opportu-
nity, and tell him why this case requires the special
consideration of the House at this time. I could
tell him that this widow is here, asking justice at
the hands of Congress. I could tell him that no
claims agent has any connection with the case. I
could tell him that her homestead in the valley of
Wyoming is now under execution for debt. And
1 could tell him that the husband of this lady sac-
rificed his life in his country's service; and now,
his widow comes and asks for justice at our
hands.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the yeas and nays,
in order to test who will vote to give one case a
preference over others.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 desire to know whether it
is in order to move to refer the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes Sot.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I move to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. WHITELEY. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn. *
The motion %vas not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of theWhole House on the Private Calendar.
Several Members. You cannot do that.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
after the main question has been ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. My object was to get at the
widows who arc on the Private Calendar. [Laugh-
terj
■ The bill was then passed.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
