700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
during the late war with Great Britain, submitted
an adverse report. -
STEAMERS TO THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. HATJN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
_ Post Road? be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a line of mail service by steamships, irom San
Francisco, via the Sandwich Islands and Japan, to China.
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave, at this time, to
introduce a joint resolution without previous no-
tice, and I ask that it may be read for the inform-
ation of the Senate. I presume there will be no
objection to its immediate passage. If there should
be, it can lie over.
Leave was given to introduce the joint reso-
lution (S. JNTo. 13) m relation to the dedication of
the statue of Washington; and it was read a first
time by its title, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to consider
it at this time, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time,and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to make all necessary arrangements
for the dedication of the statue of Washington, on
the 22d instant, and appropriates the sum of$3,000,
or so much thereof as may be'necessary, to carry
the provisions of the resolution into elfect.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senate will allow me to
make a very brief explanation, I will state that
the equestrian statue of Washington, referred to
in the joint resolution, has been executed by Mr.
Clark Mills, by the order of Congress. At the
last session, Congress passed' a resolution author-
izing the President of the United States to select
some spot on the public grounds of this city for
its erection. The statue is now ready to be put
up, and some expenses will necessarily bo in-
curred for that purpose. Tke sum mentioned m
the resolution is that which was allowed some
years ago when the statue of Jackson was placed
m La Payette square. Other parties were in favor
of having larger appropriations, in order to have
a great sort of jubilee, but it has been thought
advisable to confine the appropriation to that
amount of $3,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquiic
by what authority the place for the location of
that statue was fixed>
Mr. PEARCE. [ have just stated. It. was
fixed by act of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was it passed?
Mr. PEARCE. At the last session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Authorizing the Presi-
dent to select it-1
Mr. PEARCE. Congress authorized the Pres-
ident to select the site.
_ Mi. FESSENDEN. 1 was not an are of the
tact. It strikes me to be a very bad pLu.e: and
if it were not too late, I wish it could be changed.
I would rather put the statue anywhere than in
(he place which has been selected. I prefer that
this resolution should lie over
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be considered
to-day.
MORDECAI AND DELAFIELD'S REPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, rel-
ative to the printing and distribution of the reports
of Major Delafield and Majoi Mordecai, have had
the same under consideration, and direct me to
report back the resolution with amendments- m
line seven, strike out the words "and eight"and
insert " four," and at the end add:
Two thousand fui the use of the Senate, and two thou-
sand to be deposited in the War Department, Fubjoct to the
future order ot the Senate.
So that the resolution will read: ;
Resohed, That the reports of Major Delafield. of the Uni- !
ted State* engineers, and of Major Mordecai, of the United i
States Oldnanee, with their initiations, as communicated I
to the Senate by Hie Secretary of War, in May. 1858 he !
printed; and that ten thousand extra copies of cach be >
printed and furnished to the War Department, two thou- 1
sand copies to be for the li-e of the Army, Com thousand 1
copies to be distributed to the militia of the United States
and Tei ritories, in the same ratio as arms are distributed to
them under the existing laws and ) emulations, two thou-
sand for the use of the Senate, and two thousand to be de-
posited in the War Department, subject to the future order
of the Senate.
If itpleases the Senate, as this subject was un-
der consideration at a former time, and the Senate,
by a joint resolution, appropriated for the print-
ing of these works, I now ask that the report of
the committee be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the present consideration'of the
report of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
this is to cost, and who is to print it?
Mr. DAVIS. The cost, according to the esti-
mate of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
will be $50,842 65 to print the reports, with all
the plates and illustrations. By a careful study
of the mode of printing and engraving, rejecting
everything that is superfluous, both as to style
and material, the amount has been reduced to
nearly one half the sum estimated for on a previ-
ous occasion. On that occasion, it will be remem-
bered, I asked the Senate, by ajoint resolution,
to take one half of the estimate, and appropriate
the money for the printing of the work for the use
of the War Department. That resolution passed
the Senate, but failed in the other House. It is
now introduced upon a revised estimate. The
former sum, I think, was §97,000. This is now
$50,842, being a little more than one half the
former estimate. I thought then, and will say
now, that, if the cost were double the amount, X
should still think it proper to print these works,
believing tliem to be of very great value; and they
will be found necessary in the construction of the
works of defense which are now progressing in
the United States; and they are proper to be m
the hands of the militia. In that connection, not
intending to consume the time of the Senate, I will
say that the engineer in charge of the defenses of
New York found it necessary to come here to con-
sult the manuscript, the printing having been de-
layed so long that he could not get the informa-
tion otherwise than by the manuscript in the hands
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is another
special order which the Chair has to call up at"
this hour—the resolutions of the other Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope the Senate will dispose
of this subject, as it is befote it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there benoob- j
jeetion, the Chair will pass by the special order. !
Mr. HAMLIN. I d esire to ask the Senator i
from Mississippi to state very briefly what is the j
subject of these reports made by these officers— '
not in detail. -
Mr. DAVIS. The present resolution comprises j
two reports, one on engineering and one on ord- !
ik-ince, the third report being on military organ- >
ization and discipline, which third report was j
printed several yeais ago. It will be remembered j
by the Senate, that during the war in the Crimea
th,rce officers were selected and sent to Europe.
Captain MeClellan's report has been printed sev-
eral years. Neither the report of Major Delafield,
who was the engineer, nor of Major Mordecai,
who was the ordnance officer, has yet been printed.
They contain valuable information, of special use;
and these are the works which are now lyina on
the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi whether it would not be enough to print
the number required for the use of the ^Var De-
partment and of the militia, and print none for
the Senate? Wo do not want them.
Mr. DAVIS. The usual number of copies for I
the Senate and two thousand extra copies for the
Senators is all that is asked by the amendment;
and that was so asked upon the suggestion of a
Senator to whom I deferred, for originally I had
not intended any for the Senate; and if the Senate
now choose to do so, they can strike out the
amendment. The numbers for the War Office are
intended for the Army and militia, and not for
the Senate,
Mr. HUNTER. I make tliat motion to strike
out all except for the War Department, the Army,
and the militia. J
Mr. HALE. I hope-that motion will not ^re-
vail. I know that there is no document winch
has been printed by Congress, aside from the
i: atent Office reports, that I have been applied to
for by scientific men, so much as for the first set
of these reports that was published—I think Cap-
tain McClellan's. They are sought for by lit-
erary institutions and by scientific men all over
the country, and there is no document that has
been printed that I have had such earnest appli-
cations for from that class of men as the first of
this series which has been printed. The expense
of printing these additional copies is very trifling,
if you print the document at all; and if it is to be
printed, I hope the additional copies will be prin ted ,,
becausc it will increase the expense very little,'
and it will add to the value of the publication very
much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Mississippi what the expense of the two thousand
additional copies for the Senate will be?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 cannot tell now what it will be.
It is very small. You know how very small the
expense is to print two thousand additional copies
after you have paid for all the engraving and all
the composition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think it was
hardly worth while to strike that out.
The question was put, and the amendment was
announced to be rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment. ("Too late!'5] I do not un-
derstand that the Chair has decided the question. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator was
upon the floor before the Chair announced the
result.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am willing to dispense
with any printing of these reports; but if it is to
be done at all, I hope we shall have some for the
Senate. Like the Senator from New Hampshire,
I daily have applications for the work. Its dis-
tribution will do agreat deal of service, and unless-
some be put into the hands of the Senate, verv
little good will be done to the country by the pub-
lication. I shall vote against the proposition,
unless some of the copies are to bo furnished to
the Senate for distribution.
Mr. MALLORY. I am disposed to retrench
in printing wherever it can be done; but it strike?
me that the cost of printing the extra copies will
be a very small sum, and if the Senator from
Mississippi will inform us, we can approximate
to what the sum will be. It certainly would be
but a very small portion of the whole' appropria-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. There is something more than
the money that is involved. It is the principle.
I think we determined last year that we would not
print extra numbers of these books to be distrib-
uted by Senators. We not 6nly shall save even
in this what these two thousand copies would cost
for printing, and their transportation by the mail.
but lfwe are going to establish ibis principle, we
ought to act on it now. if we mean to keep up
the practice of printing books which it maybe
popular to circulate, which persons m the country
; may desire, it is impossible that we can economize
i in the public printing; but we shall go on increas-
ing from session to session. It is for that reason
that I desire to make this amendment, and I hope '
the Senate will adopt n.
Mr. DAVIS. I find, by looking at the esti-
mates, that the printing of the extra copies per
thousand will amount for both works to §3,721 4S.
For the two thousand, then, of both works for the
Senate, the expense would be $7,445 96.
The question being taken bv yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS— Me^rs. Benjamin, liraam. Blight, Clay, Cllng-
 mm,Cj|Jp.mer.Crittewlen,I)mko«>, Fefc-endon, Fiicli,Fitz-
patnek. Foot, Gnnie>, Hamlin, Hunter, Jverson. Johnson
of Aikanfas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallory, Ma.M)n.Nich-
ol^on, Powell, Saul&tmrv, .Slitlell, Toombs, and Wilson $
Tv.A\ S—Messrs. Anthony. Bavaid, Bigler, Bingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark. Davis, Dixon, Doolutle,
Greon, Gwin, Hale, Harlan, Ilaun. Hemphill, Kme, Luu-.
Poarce, Itiee, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumb-ilf
Wade, Wiglail, and Wilkinson—28. '
So the amendment of Mr. Hunter was re-
jected.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment reported by the committee
which is before the Senate. '
Mr. HALE and Mr. FESSENDEN. What
is that amendment?
The VIOE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendment reported by the committee.
