218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—-Mr. Hale.
Ho. of Reps.
tion about the unimportant question whether sla-
very shall or shall not exist upon the soil of the
common, territory during the brief space between
the first organization of a territorial government
and its introduction as a new member into the sis-
terhood of States. The life of a territorial govern-
ment is short before it emerges into a sovereign
State and acquires all the rights of one. While
the South cannot acquiesce in an act, on the part of
the Congress of the United States, affecting her
dignity as well as impairing her equal rights,
and which places h«*r in a position of inferiority
and degradation; and while she claims her consti-.
tutioiml rights, as expounded and declared by the
only tribunal whose determinations are binding
upon all parts of this Confederacy, surely gentle-
men will not hazard the existence of this Repub-
lic by pressing upon the country questions of the
slightest import at best, to them, but which arc
rocking to its foundations the whole fabric of our
Government.
How much cause the non-slaveholding States
would have had for complaint, had they con-
sented, as tlicy were repeatedly urged to do, and
not refused, to extend the Missouri line to the
Pacific ocean, through the entire public domain,
and thus allowed the formation of embryo com-
munities with institutions assimilated to those of
the different States, will be apparent from the
statement which I hold in my hand and will sub-
mit to the committee. Itcxhibits,in square miles,
the extent of the territorial possessions held by
the Government in the year 1830, with reference
to the parallel of 360 30' north latitude,
Area of territory in 1S50 in square miles.
North of 36" 30':
1. Orogon comprised within the parallels of 42°
and 49* and the llocky Mountains and the
Pacific ocean  341,463
2. Teiritory bounded by forty-ninth parallel, Mis-
sissippi river, Iowa, and Hoc toy Mountains.. 723,248
3. Wisconsin territory, between State of Wiscon-
sin, Mississippi rivei, and residue of the old
Northwest Territory   22,33G
4. Indian toiiitoiy wcm of Missouri and Ai Kansas, «,
and south of Platte rivoi  190,505
5. Temtory in California ami New Mexico, west
of Rio (Vrandn to its source  321,695
South of ,15° 30':
]. Indian temtoiy ar< before  58,346
2. Territory in C.tlilonua and New Mexico  204,383
262,^29
I have no language of menace to use in regard
to the future. i, with every member of this body,
have taken a solemn obligation to abide by the
Constitution of the United States, and it will be
my privilege, as long as I maintain a position on
this floor, to endeavor to discharge, under that
Constitution, every duty that I owe, not merely
to my own State and constituents, but to every
part of this wide Confederacy. Protection this
Government must afford to great and various in-
terests. And why will "not the people of the
country withdraw their minds from the agitation
of issues which produce only the bitter fruit of
sectional excitement? Why will they not turn
their attention to the improvement of the country
and the benefit of the white race, which we all,
from the North and from the South, have equally
at heart, and leave these States where slavery does
exist as an institution to expand with the expan-
sion of free States, in order that there may be some
equilibrium preserved in the future growth of the
nation; and that' each may be deprived of the
means of doing irreparable harm and injury to
the other?
Sir, when I look at the history of my own
State, I feel proud that I am permitted to speak
her views on this floor to-day. licfore these
States declared their independence, some of our
people met and took that fearful step. In 1775
a part of the people of that State solemnly de-
clared their eternal separation from the crown of
Great Britain. Liberty has always been cher-
ished among her people. Her constitution itself
was brought into existence in the first year of the
revolutionary war, and was cradled amidst the
rough rockings of that tempestuous time. Jeal-
ous of the rights whose conquest had drenched
h^r soil in blood, and reluctant to surrender any
portion of the attributes of an independent sov-
ereignty, North Carolina hesitated, and was the
last but one of the original thirteen to enter the
Federal Union. But she did take upon herself
the obligations of the Federal Constitution and
plight her maiden faith, freely, to the mainten-
ance of each and all of its provisions. To that
Union, fruitful in such unnumbered blessings,
her devotion and love have been steadfast and
unwavering. She will be true to the vows of her
youth. She now calls upon her sister States of
the North, advanced to greatness and power and
holding the destinies of the nation in their hands,
and bound by the same solemn covenants that
rest upon her, to be faithful to the compact which
makes us one people, and to rescue the Republic
from surrounding perils. Thus shall this Union,
the offspring of a common necessity and teem-
ing with the memorials of a self-sacrificing pat-
riotism strewn along the path of progress, resting
firmly upon the Constitution, the base upon which
our fathers reared it, be as enduring as our own
everlasting hills. '
POSITIONS OF PARTIES.
y
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES T. HALE,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
May 3, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HALE said:
Mr. Chairman: I think the Republican party-
has bf:cn more misrepresented than any one that
over existed in this country or any other, I pro-
pose to say a few words in regard to what 1 un-
derstand to be the principles ol' that party, to see
whether they hold any doctrines that arc incon-
sistent willv the rights of any portion of the coun-
try; any doctrines not held by the fathers of the
Republic, from the beginning down to the last
very few years.
The doetrmesof the Republican party, as I un-
derstand them, Mr. Chairman,arc, opposition to
the extension of human slavery and protection to
American industry. These 1 believe to be the two
cardinal principles of that party. Tins is the only
one we hold on the subject of slavery, except
those other incidental measures that grow out of
the opposition to its extension. We arc opposed
to taking j:>00jOOOiJOO from tlvc people for the pur-
chase of Cuba, mid to the acquisition of territory
from Mexico, for the extension of the area of hu-
man bondage.
We are also opposed to the reopening of the
African slave trade. Have not these principles
been held at all times, by all parties of the country,
up almost to 1854? The North with one voice did
so. They wore also held by the founders of this
Republic—notalone by those who belonged to the
free States, but by those who belonged to the slave
States; by the slaveholders of the country; pa-
triotic men, who knew and admitted slavery to be
an evil, which they were willing to do and did all
in their power to prevente\-tending,andcxpected
and hoped finally to accomplish its overthrow.
We hold no other principle on that subject than
they held. We stand just where they stood; where
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Clay, Pinck-
ney, and other slaveholding fathers and founders
ot" the Republic, stood, is not this true ? The
history of the country shows that beyond any sort
of doubt.
Who were the founders of the Missouri com-
promise line in 1820—that great and beneficent act
of patriotism? Were they the fanatics of the
North? No, sir; they were slaveholders of the
South, with Henry Clay at their head. This
measure, which gave peace and repose to the
country, never was attempted to be disturbed,
either by the North or by the South. On the
contrary, up to 1854, the South in good faith re-
garded that compromise as one to be observed
and kept by them. It is a remarkable fact, Mr.
Chairman, that our southern brethren never un-
derstood that they were so degraded and cheated
by that measure, as they now say they were, and
never regarded it as a badge of inferiority, as they
now claim it to have been, it remained, sir, for a
Yankee to discover that the South had been so
wronged and cheated and insulted by that com-
promise measure of 1820. A gentleman from the
green hills of Vermontgoes to Illinois, studies law,
comes back to Congress in due time—as he had
a right to do—and instructs our southern brethren
as to their rights and duties, informing them that
they have been mostegregiously wronged by that
act of 1820; that the men who framed and estab-
lished it did not know what they were about—did
not know that they were degrading the powerand
sacrificing the rights of the South. It seems to
me that this is an imputation on the patriotism
and wisdom of the men of the South who framed
that compromise measure, who sustained it, who
were willing to abide by it for all time to come,
and who did stand by it for so many years. Mr.
Clay, that illustrious man, who was for a long
time a favorite of the slaveholders of the South
for the Presidency, always sustained it. Do you
think that if he had been living it would have
been repealed? Never. If Mr. Clay had been in
the Senate in 1854, in my judgment, the South
never would and never could have repealed that
bill. Like Rhoderic Dhu—
" One blast upon his bugle-horn
Were worth a thousand men.:5
I should be perfectly willing, and I believe the
Republican party would be, if it was possible, to
have that line restored. It would be an end of this
slavery agitation forever. Our southern brethren
tell us not to agitate this question. I, for one,
have no desire'to do so. I came here with no such
purpose. The slavery question was thrust into
our faces without any reason, in the most offensive
manner; and when we repel the charges against
us, we are told not to agitate the slavery ques- '
tion. I should be willing to have it banished for-
ever from these Halls,and to never have the sub-
ject alluded to. But when we hear the subject
constantly iterated and reiterated by the South,
how can wc help speaking? We have no design
or desire to interfere with slavery in the States
where it now exists. We have said so in every
Way in which a political party can speak—in our
platforms, resolutions, and speeches. We have
declared that we would protect the rights of the
South under the Constitution, and we mean to do
it; but, sir, it is our duty and our intention to
maintain inviolate our own rights under the Con-
stitution as well as theirs.
The views we hold in regard to the extension
of slavery are those which were held by all the
people of the free States but a few years since.
The Legislature of my own State declared, in 1847,
that no territory should be received from Mexico,
unless it was provided, as the fundamental con-
dition of the acquisition, that slavery should be
forever excluded from its limits. That was the
doctrine of the Democratic party before the Re-
publican party had an existence. In order that
there may be no misunderstanding, I ask the Clerk
to read the resolutions of the Pennsylvania Legis-
lature.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Whereas the existing war with Mexico may result in
the acquisition of new terntoiv to the Union; and whereas
measuics are now pending in Corigre&s having in view the
appropriation of money and the conferring of authority upon
the treaty-making power to this end: Theiefore,
" Resolved by the Senate, ^c., ThatourSenatoisandRep-
rescntatives in Congress be requested to vote against any
measure whatever by which territory will acciuc to the
Union, unless, as a part of the fundamental law upon which
any compact or treaty for this purpose is based, frlaveiy or
involuntary servitude, except for crime, shall be lorever
prohibited.
u Resolved, That the Governor be requested to forward
a copy of the foregoing to each of our Senators and ilepie-
sentatives in Congress."
Mr. HALE. The committee will perceive that
that resolution requests the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Pennsylvania to vote against the ac-
quisition of any territory unless slavery shall be
excluded from it. It was voted for by every Dem-
ocratic member of the lower House of the Legis-
lature, and by all the Senators but three — Mr.
Bigler, the present Democratic Senator from
Pennsylvania, being- in the Senate, and voting
for it. If resolutions like that were now adopted
by any party in Pennsylvania, they would be de-
nounced by the Democratic leaders as treasonable,
incendiary, and dangerous to the peace and wel-
fare of the Union. A simple resolution, which
was offered at this session, instructing the Judi-
