1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
osition. Change it as you will, it is nothing but
that. Certainly long before the province was
acquired by the United States, this land was held
by private claimants on an open, avowed claim to
that depth.
Now, did the treaty of cession mean to convey
to this Government the right or the power to dis-
turb the ancient possessions of the inhabitants;
to go back in all cases to the original titles under
which they held from the former Governments,
and to raise litigation with them about the con-
struction; or did the treaty mean to respect the
possessions of the inhabitants as they were, and
to leave to the Government of the United States
only the land that was public? It seems to me
that no sound construction can give more than
one answer to such a question as this: that neither
the Government of Prance, in ceding the prov-
ince, nor the Government of the United States, in
taking, ever meant that when the citizens were
found in possession of titles which they had held
for fully a generation before the cession, that the
Government of the United States was to go back
to the original grant, and raise a question in rela-
tion to its construction. If this construction had
been put by these grantees on this grant after the
United States had acquired possession of the prov-
inces, as stated in the report of the committee, it
would be a different matter; but it is proved here,
by a long scries of ancient Spanish titles, that that
was the depth originally claimed by them; claimed
by them the instant the grant was made, and
claimed by them m the presence of the authori-
ties. Way, further, that part of this title of the
heirs of Hampton, which it i3 now proposed to
repeal by this law, was acquired by them under
judicial proceedings had by the Intendant of the
province; under which proceedings he sold to
their vender this very land, with upwards of four
leagues in depth; and, upon an exact survey, it
runs out that it is between thirteen and fourteen
miles. Upwards of four leagues is upwards of
twelve miles, and the survey shows between thir-
teen and fourteen; about as near a guess as, in
those early times, could be got to the early back
land there. But further 
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to ask the Senator one
"question. I wish him to state what title this bill
seeks to repeal. He has stated that yesterday,
and has stated it to-day. I wish him now to tell
us what title this bill proposes to repeal ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The title the ljill proposes
to repeal certainly is not the former title belonging
to these parties. This is what it proposes to do
upon its face.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does this bill propose to repeal
that title in the last century that you speak of?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Of two things one, Mr.
President. It really seems to me very extraordi-
nary that such a question as this should be raised.
Of two things one: either this title is perfect, in
"which event all your legislation is idle, or the
United States might have possibly outstanding
a claim to test the extent of it. If the United
States had such a claim by the act of 1858, she
abandoned it, so that—the act of 1858 admitting
that the original title was a perfect title—the prop-
osition now is to repeal that act, and to set up a
title in the Government. Now, whatever title
the Government may have had, was given up by
the act of 1858. That, it is now proposed to take
back. If the Government had none, nothing was
dune by any of the acts.
But Senaiors all the time come back to that
statement, and ask why, in 1858, when the par- '
ties had a perfect and complete grant, an act ot
Congress should be desired for this confirma-
tion ? The General Land Office has given you
the answer. Here is the answer given by the
General Land Office to certain questions pro- 1
pounded by the attorney of these claims, Mr. '
Janm, on the 28th of February last: I
" Sm : I have to acknowledge the reeetpt of your letter
17th instant, in which you desire an answer to the tol-
hnvmg questions:
" * 1st Assuming the case of a complete grant, derived
from the Spanish Government, which never was filed m
ot acted upon either bv a board* of commissioners or by a
court of the United States having authority to deeid'o on
Spanish land pants, has any such grant, undei the abovc-
aicniioned ciiciumtance:;, ever been held by the (xeneiul
i-iiul Oilice entitled to a public s.uivey and to a patent,
and has; the land embraced within it been withheld from
fcale, and tieated as piivate piopertv ?
" ' ill. Or have not all lands in Louisiana been treated
as public propeity, unless the title thereto was established
before a board of commissioners, or a court of the United
States?'
" Whilst this office desires to avoid answering all spec-
ulative inquiries, we have no objection in the present case
to reply to your first Interrogatory m the negative"—
They treat no land as private land until $ is
confirmed by a board of commissioners or an act
of Congress—
<( and to the second, in the affirmative."
They treat it as public land; and accordingly
•we find in the proceedings in the present case that
the Commissioner-of the General Land Office as-
sumed, in violation of law, to direct the subordi-
nates in Louisiana to sell out the lands of these
gentlemen. His successor reversed his decision,
ordered the sales to be set aside, and ordered the
money to be returned. A large number of parties
who bought did take back their money and aban-
doned the land. Others have held on. The ques-
tion,then, what is the advantage of a party having
a confirmation to a complete Spanish grant, is
answered not only by this, but it is answered by
the law of 1805, in relation to which the Senator
from Georgia undertook to correct the Senator
from Virginia, in his statement that the act of
1805 authorizes the presentation to the commis-
sioners of complete titles, and required their action
upon them and their report to Congress for con-
firmation. Now, I say the object of the act of
1805 is just exactly that. The fifth section of the
act in regard to this board of commissioners pro-
vides for their taking cognizance of all cases be-
fore them, both complete and incomplete grants;
and it goes on to say, in speaking of the cases be-
fore them, that they shall even take cognizance
of complete grants that have not been before them:
" And to decide, in a summary way, according to justice
and equity, on all claims filed with the register or recorder,
in conformity with the provisions of tins act, and on all
complete French or Spanish grants, the evidence of which,
though not thus filed, may be toumlof record on the public
records of such grants, which decisiuns shall be laid before
Congress in the manner hereinafter directed, and he sub-
ject to their determination tliereon." '
Now, I say, here is a plain, direct, and palpa-
ble invitation, not only in this section, but in the
preceding sections, to men havingcomplcte grants,
to put them before a court appointed by Congress
itself for decision, with a direction that that decis-
ion shall be subject to an appeal to Congress.
These parties put their claim before the court.
The Government of the United States was repre-
sented by adverse counsel provided in the law.
The decision was made in favor of these parties;
made in the yeai 1806, before your own tribunal,
at your own invitation, when you were defended
by your own officer. The Senator from Maine
says it is too preposterous, for one mmutc to
conceivc that this title could be granted in that
way. The Senator from Maine never lived in a
Spanish country. Does the Senator from Maine
know that the very unit under which grants of
land are now made in the Mcxican colonial pos-
sessions is a league ? You cannot find a grant of
less than a league. The square leagueistheumt,
as the acre is with us; and, ongoing through these
grants now coming daily before the Committee on
Private Land Claims of Spanish grants in these
distant provinces, you cannot find a grant that is
not made by the league. They know no limit, no
unit, for the measure of land now—or did not,
until wcacquired New Mexico—but by the league.
, They knew none in California but by the square
! league. But the Senator from Maine, who speaks
of this as a preposterous grant, if he will take the
trouble to turn to the first page of 15 Howard,
will find that just such a preposterous grant as
this was made, not by the Governor 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator alloy
me to ask him how many leagues there were in
this firstgrant that was made—the Spanish grant?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In which Spanish grant?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The very first one made
to Conway; forty arpents on the shore.
Mr. W1GFALL. Ninety-six.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The first grant that Con-
way got was.when he bought out an Indian tribe
living on ninety-six arpents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean in the very first
description that was given of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He bought out an Indian
tribe, and settled on their ninety-six* arpents.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How many leagues were
there in that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do notknow how many.
Ninety-six arpents by ibrty in depth, with lines
running in that way, is a little over a league. It
is all the Indians had; all he asked for. fio bought
out the Indian title. I say that this is the case
nowin the Spanish-American countries.. I do not
say that this is the case wherever the land was high
land bordering on the stream. Now, I tell the
Senator, if he will permit me to finish my sen-
tence, if he will look to the reports of the Supreme
Court of the United States he will find at page 1,
15 Howard, an attempt to laugh down by the
Government of theUnited States, just such aclaim
as this for two hundred thousand or three hundred
thousand acres of land, made by a mere frontier
officer, who held a fort; the commandante of a
fort. Every effort was made to get the Supreme
Court to set that grant aside on the ground that
the commandante of a fort was a mere subordinate
officer, and could have no possible right to make
these enormous grants of land. The Supreme
Court did not listen to the position or the argu-
ment. They held .that the grants weregood; they
held to the fact that all the subordinate Spanish
officers had unlimited control around their posts
where they were placed, and confirmed the grant
for over two hundred and ninety thousand acres
of land. All that sounds very extravagant to-day,
but it was a common gift to anybody that would
nsk for it.
No w, Mr. President, as to this particular depth,
the depth back to the lake, about which somuch
has been said here, I have shown, by a series of
maps of the Land Office, the whole series of grants
in townships going one after the other back to the
nrer Mississippi. But the Senator from Ken-
tucky to-day said something to which I desire to
make a response. He said that we had no proof
of any usage; that the usage for this back grant,
the grant for the back land, was forty arpents—at
least, he supposed so; that there was no proof of
any usage in that part of the State of Louisiana
for anything more. Well, let us see what Au-
gustus S. Phelps, an ancient surveyor in Louisi-
ana, said in a suit—not in this matter at all, but
the counsel for these claimants has extracted his
testimony from the record of some other case in
the Supreme Court in relation to some other land
—I do not know what it was. Here is his testi-
mony taken in that suit. He first says:
" I was first commissioned as United States deputy sur-
veyor for the State of Louisiana in the year 1828 or 18*29,
and have been reeommtssioned in the same capacity, un-
der the several surveyors general, from that time to the
present.
" I have resttrveyed more than a thousand tracts of land,
the titles to which were derived from French or Spanish
ggfcnts, and mostly located upon either side of the Missis-
sippi river, in the section of country lying between the
mouth of Red river ami the lowest grants on the Missis-
sippi river."
Now, how about the depth? After speaking
of front grants, he says:
" As the settlements in the colony extended and In-
creased, double concession grants, as they were caiied, were
given, bounded by a grant or grants in front, with an exten-
sion of the side lines of the tract in front of them to an ad-
ditional distance of forty arpents, usually, but frequently,
specially in the vicinity of New Orleans, to the lake or
some water-course in the rear, and sometimes to an indefi-
nite distance."
Now, Mr. President, in the course of the argu-
ment in relation to the depth to which this land
would go, gentlemen have thought proper to rid-
icule it by saying, if the boundary of the Spanish
province had not been the lake behind, that tha
land would have gone anywhere, and that the
line might run north and south, and go on so
all over the globe without ever meeting. The
simple answer to that is, that that was not so; and
that when the Governor was granting lands in a
district of country fronting on the river, and run-
ning back to the lake, he knew perfectly well that
if he gave all the depth in the rear, it ran back to
the lake, and could not go further back than that,
because that was the limit of the province; and
that was what he was doing every day—giving the
front land on the river, and running back to the
lakes which lie behind New Orleans. The only
place on which these grants were found was on
the island of Orleans, where the river had the high
land in front, and the Amite and the series of lakes
behind it, forming 
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will aliow me to ask
him this question: is he aware how many arpents
front these parties have now the possession of
upon the river?
