1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:.70i
The Secretary read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution, as I mean to vote
against it myself.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I voted against the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia, be-
cause I do not think it reaches what I consider the
evil—the system of the publication of extra copies
altogether. I wish Congress would come to a de-
termination that no extra copies of any book or
document whatever should be published, except
under the authority of a joint resolution. I think
the system has been tending to corruption. I be-
lieve the only way to remedy it is not to order the
printing of publications, to transfer them to the
War Department, but to stop the publication on
the order of either House alone. In case where
a work is required for the public, and would not
reach the world in any other way than through
publication by the Government, resort to a la\vor
joint resolution. I do not think in any case, un-
less in regard to the President's message and doc-
uments, can I be tempted to vote for printing extra
copies of any work whatever. It is with that view
and reason that I conceived the modification of
the resolution which was proposed amounted to
nothing. I am opposed to the whole system of
the publication of extra numbers.
Mr. J OH JN SON, of Arkansas. This matter
was before the Committee on Military Affairs,
and, as one member of that committee, I know
that I assented to the views of the chairman, the
Senator from Mississippi. The point which is
raised here by the Senator from Virginia, I did
not then consider; I am not certain that it was
before us.
Mr. DAVIS. No. The resolution as reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, I will say
to my friend from Arkansas, contained no pro-
vision for copies for Senators. That has been put
"in by the Committee on Printing;. It is an amend-
ment of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. At that time I
assented to the proposition because I believed that
this information which had been obtained at con-
siderable expense should be secured to the De-
partment and the Army officers. The evil aimed
at by the Senator from Virginia, I believe to be a
great one. He has attempted to remedy it by
proposing to strike out the provision for those
numbers which are to be printed for distribution
to the public generally by Senators, and it will
necessarily, I presume, be increased largely by
distribution in the House of Representatives. It
was the principle, as the Senator from Virginia
well said, which caused him to object, and not the
expenditure involved in publishing the increased
number in this case. The expenditure for pub-
lishing the increased number for distribution by
the Senate is necessarily, as all those who have
reflected on it know, a very small sum compara-
tively: but the principle that is involved is one
that is very important, for it relates to any other
public work that may hereafter be printed. The
real benefit to be obtained by the publication of
this work is to result to the War Department,
and is not to be derived from its distribution
among the people, by members of this or the other
branch of Congress.
In the various and frequent discussions that
have occurred here on the subject of printing, it
has undoubtedly been adopted heretofore as a
principle, that we will reject and discountenance
the printing of all publications by Congress for dis- ;
tribution by Senators and members of the llou.se; \
and the only ground upon which I believe the [
printing of this document was recommended by j
the Committeo on Military Affairs was a ground j
which had direct relation to its immediate value !
to the War Department. But as it now presents j
itself to us as a violation of what I think has been j
a settled principle and determination on the part j
^>f this body, I shall be compelled to vote against !
the whole publication; and 1 trust that it will not |
pass unless we reconsider the vote 011 the amend- j
ment of the Senator from Virginia, and strike out ■
that violation of principle. \
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I was disposed to vote j
for the publication .of this book on the statement i
of the Senator from Mississippi, and from the
nature of the book itself; and as the expense had'
been incurred m preparing the book for publica-
tion, I supposed it advisable that wc should print
it, at any rate. But, sir, the point stated by the
honorable Senator from Delaware is a very strong
one. I believe fhe only mode we can adopt, in
order to stop the very great expenditure for public
printing, is, not to print extra copies, or, at any
rate, to confine the printing of extra copies to
books that ought to be published as a matter of
fact, and to have none published except by a joint
resolution or the action of the two Houses.
But, sir, there is another objection in my mind
which I wish to state. It must be very manifest
to gentlemen, it certainly was to me while a mem-
ber of the Committee on Printing, and experience
every day has proved the fact, that we arc paying
very much too high prices for printing; that too
large profits are made on the printing of all books
by Congress, and we arc only increasing our diffi-
culty so long as the prices remain as they now
arc; and these offices of Printer to cither House
are so exceedingly desirable to different persons,
and occasion difficulties that we are certainly all
familiar with. Before we proceed to do any print-
ing that is not absolutely called for by the pres-
sure of the public service in this body, so far as
we are concerned—and the other body, so far as
they are concerned—this evil, which I consider to
be a very great one, should be remedied; and al-
though 1 will not pledge myself to go quite so far,
yet I will say to Senators that I feel very much
inclined to come to the conclusion to vote for print-
ing 110 extra copies of books until our system in
reference to printing is amended. As it stands
now, we must have a certain amount of printing
done; that is absolutely necessary to enable us to
do our business here; but all this matter of print-
ing books for distribution, and a large number of
extra copies to be scattered over the country, cer-
tainly can be dispensed with until the mode we
have adopted, attended as it is with so many evils,
not only in the wasting of money, but others,
which arc much worse 111 their effects, has been
amended, and we come to a system of economy.
*1 will apply the rule in this instance, contrary to
my first intention, which was to vote for the re-
port of the committee to print this book.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Che>nut, Davis, Fitch,
Fitzpatriek, Green, Uwin, Hole, Haun, Hemphill, Iver^on,
Kennedy, Lane, Pcuroo, Uice, Saulsbuiy, Simmons, Wudo,
Wiglall, and Wilson—21.
NAYrt— Mcp-srs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bingham, Bra™,
Blown, Oanieion, Chand'er, (Jlark, Clay, Ohns;mun, Col-
kunei, Crai-mlen, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkwe, f<V -*eiulen,
Foot, Foster, Games,llamhn, Hammond, Hailan, Iluntei,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ot Teimes-see, Malloiy,
Ntcholfton, Powell, Sebastian, SUdcll, Sumnci, Ten Eyck,
Toombs, Tnimbull, and Wilkinson—35.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire—if the gentleman
from Virginia will permit me—to move a recon-
sideration of the vote, provided any gentleman
who voted to retain the extra copies for the Sen-
ate will move a reconsideration of that vote, so
that wc may get the resolution passed for print-
ing what the Government requires, without the
extra copies. I am willing to vote for the reso-
lution for the service of the Government, but not
for extra copies. I therefore voted against the en-
tire resolution; but I will move to reconsider the
vote just given. I voted with the majority. I
trust some gentleman who voted against striking
out the extra copies will move a reconsideration
of that.
Mr. HALE. I voted in favor of printing the
reports, and voted against striking out tlfe extra,
copies for the Senate, and J do not feel disposed
to alter either vote on that subject; and I hope
that if the course indicated by the Senator from ,
Louisiana is taken, we shall notprintthe book at
all. We want, it is said, two thousand volumes I
for the War Department—I suppose 011 the ground
that this report contains information "valuable 111 :
that behalf, that is, in reference to military oper- I
ations. Well, sir, I look upon the War Depart- \
ment of this country as being the people, and I j
look on the great military force of the country, !
and the one that ought to be educated, as the j
people. I look with distrust upon war depart-
ments and standing armies, the whole of them;
and if you have got any information of this sdrt
that is worth anything, let it go to the people;-
but do not lock it up in the War Department. If
that amendment is stricken out, I shall vote against
-the printing, because I do not think it is worth
while. I suppose the War Department have got
information enough; and they have sent their men
abroad and got this information, not for the pur-
pose of instructing the War Department; they
know enough and always have; and if the inform-
ation acquired is of any value, and value to the
War Department, I want it to go to what I con-
ceive to be the proper war department of this
Government, and that is into the hands of the
people. Let it go to the militia, and not scatter
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will permit me, I merely wish to correct
what I think is anferror he has &llen into. The
resolution, as originally reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, provided for the dis-
tribution; but the distribution was to be made
through the War Department, instead of the
House and Senate. The modification made by
the Committee on Printing was to mix the dis-
tribution; two thousand copies to be distributed
by the Senate, and the rest to be distributed to,the
Army and the militia by the War Department. It
gave two thousand copies for general distribution;
all the rest for special distribution to the Army
and militia, the militia to have much the larger
portion of them. I am free to say, that I have no
wish to distribute any copies by the Senate; and
if you will strike out the two thousand copies to
be distributed by the Senate, and add them to the
two thousand to be reserved by the War Depart-
ment, so as to have four thousand copies reserved,
subject to the future order of the Senate, I believe
I should prefer the arrangement, to bring it into
conformity to what the committee, with which I
acted originally, intended in proposing the print-
ing of extra copies, and leaving them only to be
distributed by the War Department to the militia
and the Army.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest that this is
obviously leading to debate. It is two o'clock,
and it is time to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVfS. I think we are nearly through
with this.
Mr. HUNTER. I see Senators rising all
around.
Mr. CAMERON. I have but a word or two.
to say. I desire to say that I am opposed to this
system of printing books at the expense of the
Government. We arc going to the extent of some
sixty or seventy thousand dollars in this case, I
believe. I think the Senator from Mississippi
said the cost was some fifty-seven thousand dol-
lars, to which is to be added the binding—prob-
ably some eight or ten thousand dollars more. If
this information is necessary to the War Depart-
ment, and the Secretary wants to publish it for
the officers of the Army, I think he can do so,
and pay font out of his contingent fund. Surely
v, e shall ncverget this bad system stopped unless
wc cut it up at the roots. We ought to publish
nothing except what is necessary for the inform-
ation of the Senate. If we publish this work
now, at an expense of sixty or seventy thousand
dollars, putting twenty or thirty thousand dollars
profits m the hands of the Printer, we shall find
ourselves where we were a few years ago—spend-
ing millions of dollars a year for public printing.
I trust the gentlemen who are willing to econo-
mize will suffer this to go where it belongs—to
the Secretary of War.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senate
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
rejected r
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I voted in favor of the printing.
I shall vote against the reconsideration now, be-
cause I see what is aimed at—to get in the amend-
ment which was rejected before.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yras 24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthom, Benjamin. Bigler, Chesnut,
Clay. Da\ iv, Fiteli. FiUpatuek, Green, Gwin, Haun, Hemp-
hill, lversou, John-son ot Aikansas, Kennedy, Lane, Mai-
lory, Pearcc. Powell, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebasuap, Simmons,
and Wigtall—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Bragg, Brown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, CoJlainer, Crittenden,
