1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. CLAY." The Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the petition of Mary B. Hook,
widow of the late Colonel James H. Hook, of the
United States Army, praying of Congress a pen-
sion for services rendered by him to the Govern-
ment, have instructed me to report that they can-
not recommend the prayer of the petitioner for a
pension; but they are persuaded that she is en-
titled, according to the legislation of Congress in
similar cases heretofore, to some compensation
for the extraordinary services rendered by her
husband to the Government, whifth, according to-
the evidence "exhibited, ?aved the Government
near a million dollars. They, therefore, have
instructed me to.move that the papers be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 224) for the relief of"W. Y. Hansel], the
heirs of W. H. Underwood, and the representa-
tives of Samuel Rockwell, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, furnishing an estimate of the
amount required for the expense of holding coun-
cils with certain Indian tribes on the plains end
in the State of Minnesota, reported in favor of
printing the report; which was agreed to. He
notified Senators that when the Indian appropria-
tion bill came up, he would offer an amendment
in conformity with this estimate.
REVISION OF THE REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
bti ucted to inquire into the expediency of &o iimeHtimg the
revenue Jaws as to provide that goods shipped at any for-
eign port, destined for any port in the United States* may
be transfeired from the vessel in winch they weie first
shipped to any vessel destined foi another port in the Uni-
ted State*, without parsing thiough the custom-house,
undei such regulations as the Secretary of the Tieasury
may prcscribc.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senate,
I ask leave to offer a resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the Speaker of the House of llcpresenta-
tives and President of the Senate adjourn their respective
Houses on Wednesday, the 18th of April instant, to Tues-
day, the 22d of May next.
If them is no objection, I ask for the present
consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I objcct.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from California to let us decide this question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from California withdraw his objection?
Mr. GWIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the resolu-
tion must lie over.
LEMUEL WORSTEIt.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I rise to a privileged
question, which is, to enter a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of Lem-
uel Worstcr was passed at the last session of the
Senate. I am not acquainted with the merits of
the bill, not being a member of the Committee on
Pensions; but I make the motion at the instance
of my colleague, who does not give that bill his
sanction. He says he is desirous to explain to
the Senate the reasons why-it should not receive
the sanction of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
be entered. The Senator does not desire its con-
sideration now.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. No, sir. I only desire
it to be entered.
WASHINGTON MAUKET-II0USI5.
Mr. BROWN. Senate bill No. 192, in refer-
ence to the erection of the market-house in this
city, has been returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with a non-concurrence in the Senate
amendments to the House amendment. I move
that the Senate insist on its amendments and ask
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Hoases.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
§tates, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 13th instant,-the following acts:
An act (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Hiittman;
An act (S.No. 79) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man; and
An act (S.No. 306) to settle the titles to lands
along the boundary line between the States of
Georgia and Florida.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. MASON. Mi'. President, the Sergeant-at-
Arms, to whom was directed the warrant of the
Senate dated on the 15th of February, 1860, di-
recting that he should arrest and bring to the bar
of the Senate a certain John Brown, junior, of the
State of Ohio, has, by his deputy, Matthew John-
son,the marshal of theUnitcd Statesforthe north-
ern district of Ohio, made a return which, in the
opinion of the Sergeant—and I concur m it—may
require the further action of the Senate. I ask that
the return be read,and I will then base a motion
on it.
The Secretary read the return,as follows:
The within warrant was received by me on the 19tli of
February, 1860, and steps immediately taken by me to serve
the same. I ascertained that the said Brown was in the
county of Ashtabula, Ohio, where he stiil remains; and who,
with his friends, constantly bearing arms, proclaim and de-
clare that he shall not be arrested, and defy the authorities.
That Owen Brown, brother of said John, and one Coppic,
being fugitives fiom justice from the State of Virginia, are
now with the said John Brown in Ashtabula county. They,
with the said John Brown, say that there is no safety m
Canada, or any section of the United States except in Ash-
tabula county, where there is a secret and armed organiza-
tion numberingsevcral hundred, to oppose and resist, as they
and their associates dcciare, unto death, every effort that
may be made irom any quarter, and especially by the Gov-
ernment ot the United States, to arrest them or either of
them. Supposing that I have no authority to call out an
armed force to cxeeute said writ, I am compelled to return
the siuwe not executed, for the reasons above stated. With-
out the employment of an armed force, said John Brown
cannot be arrested. Should authoiity be given me to call
out the necessary forec, I have no doubt of my ability to
make his arrest and compel a complianco with the law.
M. JOHNSON.
Subscribed and .sworn to before me this 2d day of April,
1860. H. O. WILLSON,
United States District Judge.
Mr. MASON. T ask that the Secretary will
read the indorsement upon the warrant, by which
the authority of the Sergeant was deputed to Mat-
thew Johnson.
The.Secretary read the deputation, as follows:
Senate Chamber, February 16, A. D. 1860.
I do appoint, and hereby empower, Matthew Johnson to
serve tins warrant, and to excrcisc all the authority in re-
lation thereto, with which I am vested by the foregoing.
V. It. McNAlll,
Sergcant-at-*ftnnsof the Seriate of the United States.
Mr. MASON. It is my purpose to move to
refer the warrant, with its return, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, along with this other war-
rant, which, coming from the Sergeant, I in like
manner present to the Senate. It is the warrant
from the Senate, directing the Sergeant-at-Arms
to arrest and bring to the oar of the Senate a cer-
tain F. B.Sanborn, of the State of Massachusetts.
I ask that the deputation of authority upon the
back of the warrant may be read, and the return
of the deputy of the Sergeant.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Senate Chamber, February 1C, A. I). I860.
I do appoint, and hereby empower, Silas Carleton to serve
this warrant, and to exercise all the authority iu relation
theieto, with which I am vested bv the foregoing.
D. It. McNATll,
Scrgeant-at-J2rms of the Senate of the United States.
Boston, Jipril 3, I860.
United States of America, >
Massachusetts District, 5 '
! i Pursuant to the annexed warrant, I did, on the 3d day of
i | April current, proceed to Concord, in the county of Mid-
jj dlesex and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, for the pur-
• j pose of arresting the body of the withm-named F. B. San-
jj born, and wont to the house of said Sanborn a lew minutes
J; niter eight o'clock, p. m.,but did not find him within. After-
| i wards, on the same day, between the hours of nine and ten
j j o'clock, p. m., I again vvent to his house, when, upon knock-
!: mg at the door, he opened it, and I thereupon entered and
informed linn that I had a warrant from the Senate of the
United States for his airest, and accoidingly arrested him.
He requested to see the warrant, and it was shown to him.
lie then requested the same to be read, and one of my as-
sistants then began to read the same. He declined going
with me, and told a female, who I am informed was his
sister, to go and call some person, naming him, but whose
name I do not now recollect, and she immediately rushed
out of the door crying murder. I then informed him, if he
would not resist, but would go quietly, no force should be
used ; and in substance, (because I cannot now recall the
exact words,) told him he should have ample time to get his
clothing. lie immediately threw up his arms with violence,
and exclaimed, "never; no, never." fie was then told that
handcuffs must be put upon him, which I then did. Ho
was then taken from the house and the attempt was made
to place him in a carriage, he resisting all the time, and
continuing to cry murder.
As soon as I had got into the street, I found a crowd had
collected, who pressed upon me and my assistants, and
started the horses by whipping them, as I was informed,
using abusive language and threatening personal violence
to me and my assistants, such as "knife them," "tar
them," *■' cut their harnesses," and like expressions ; San-
born all the while, by words and gestures, exciting the crowd
to lesistance, exhibitingthe irons on his hands, and saying,
"will you allow a citizen of Massachusetts to be taken
away?" and using other exciting language. At this time
the bells of the town were ringing as if for a fire. The
crowd demanded that Sanborn should be releasedfrom his
irons; and he was then and a number of times told by me
that if he wo*uld cease his resistance, the irons should be
immediately taken off. This he repeatedly refused. The
crowd then asked for the reading of the warrant, and were
told if a light were brought it should be read. The light
was brought, and it was read. While the crowd were still
pressing upon me and my assistants, and continuing their
abusive language and threats, John B. Moore, a deputy
sheriff within and for said county of Middlesex, arrived
with a writ of habeas corpus, a copy of which writ is hereto
annexed, marked "A" in the copy of the record hereto an-
nexed and made a part of this my return, and the same was
read to me. I then informed the said Moore if he would
give me a copy that said Sanborn should be at once given
up to hiin. The deputy sheriff then called upon the crowd
for assistance, and forcibly took said Sanborn from my cus-
tody, and afterwards gave me a copy of said writ. I had
with me three assistants, for the reason that said Sanborn
had repeatedly and openly declared, as I was informed and
believe, that he would resist any attempt to arrest him. I had
been to Concord in the day time on two previous occasions
for the purpose of serving said warrant, and had been un-
able to find fcaid Sanborn, as the appearance of a stranger
in that town excited suspicions. I was, therefore, obliged
to go in the evening. I cannot produce the said Sanborn
before the honorable Senate in obedience to the within
precept, for the reason that he was taken from my custody
as above stated, upon the said writ of habeas corpus.
I appeared before the justices of the supreme judicial
court, at the time and place in said writ named, to wit: on
the 4th day of said April, and made thereto the return or
answer, a copy of which is hereto annexed, marked " B"
in the said annexed copy of the recoid of the proceedings
upon said writ of habeas corpus before said court, and by
my counsel prayed the said court to dismiss said writ and
remand the said Sanborn into my custody, under and by
virtue of the said warrant of the Senate; and the said court,
after a full hearing of the said Sanborn by his attorneys, and
of myself by my attorneys, Charles L. Woodbury and Mil-
ton Andios, Esquires, did orderand direct that the said San-
born be discharged fiom my said airest,for the reasons set
forth in the record, a copy whereof is hereto annexed, as
part of this my return as aforesaid. I therefore now return
this the said warrant, without fuither service.
SILAS CARLETON.
Unitfd States of America, }
Clerk's Office, Circuit Couit, >ss;
Massachusetts District, ) *
Boston, April 11, 1860.
Personally appeared the above-named Silas Carleton, and
made solemn oath that the foregoing return by him signed
is true.
Before me, II. W. FULLER,
Clerk of said court, and Justice of the Peacc, Suffolk county.
Mr. MASON. A copy of the record of the
proceedings on the habeas corpus is made a part of
the return. I do not know that it will be neces-
sary to read it to the Senate, unless some Senator
should desire it; but amongst the proceedings, is
the actual judgment of the court in Massachu-
setts upon the question submitted in the habeas
corpus, and perhaps it may be as well to read that.
I do not ask for the reading of it, because my pur-
pose is to refer the subject without debate to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest that all these
papers be printed.
I Mr. MASON. They are to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I see no object in
printing them.
Mr. SUMNER, I merely wish to get them
before the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. They will be printed when
the committee reports.
Mr. MASON. Perhaps the actual judgment of
the court had better be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And at the same time and place before me, the chief
justice of the supreme judicial court, comes the said Silas
Carleton, and files his answer, duly swoin, and states as
the cause of his taking and detaining the said Sanborn, a
warrant issued by Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Vice Pres-
ident of the United States and President of the Senate, pur-
suant to an order of the Senate, therein recited, and directed
to Dunning R. McNair, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of
