280-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
u6th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Hale.
Ho. or Reps.
was not. No party in my State could exist, did
it not at least profess.tb hold that doctrine. The
Democratic party there claims to do so, with how
much good faith X leave to the gentleman from
Virginia to answer.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Virginia is
greatly mistaken if ho supposes that the protective
system is sustained upon the popularity of anti-
slavery notions. There is no doubt a deep feel-
ing in the northern States against the extension
of slavery; but, so far as Pennsylvania is con-
cerned, the feeling in favor of the protection of
American industry is quite as strong, and it would
be as firmly implanted in the public mind there if
the other question had no existence. We .believe
both doctrines to be just and true. If one receives
aid from the other, has the gentleman any right to
complain? Certainly not. Every member of the
Republican party in this House, save oil^has
voted to sustain that measure; and it may, there-
fore, be fairly claimed, I think, that protection to
American industry is one of the principles of that
party.
The condition of the country at this time de-
mands the earnest and thoughtful consideration
of all those intrusted with the management of its
affairs; and it seems to me that wo should at least
occasionally turn our thoughts to the actual re-
sults and inevitable tendency of the present practi-
cal free-trade policy which now, and for some time
past, has ruled this country, even if we thereby,
for the time, suffered the "Drcd Scott "decision and
its kindred topics to be passed over. Our Dem-
ocratic friends seem to think there are 110 other
interests worthy of our attention, and scarcely
deserving a passing notice, but the single one of
slavery. It engrosses the legislation of the coun-
try, to the exclusion of almost everything else.
All other questions, ail other interests, have to
give way before its imperious demands and ex-
acting and aggressive spirit.
But I desire to make no further remarks upon
this subject at present. My purpose is to call
attention to the present disordered state of our
financial affairs; and, if possible, to devise a
remedy. We now owe a foreign debt of over
five hundred million dollars, and that debt is
steadily increasing more than fifty million annu-
ally, while our ability to pay is constantly de-
creasing. Our imports are every'year growing
larger; and our exports, except from accidental
and extraordinary causes, are falling off. Our
manufactories are, one by one, going down under
the destructive effects of foreign competition; our
country drained of its precious metals to make
up the balance of trade always against us; the
industiy and enterprise of the country every-
where, to a great extent, prostrate and paralyzed
under the depressing effect winch this state of
things is sure, sooner or later, to bring m itstrain.
Nothing can be more certain, cause and effect are
not more sure, and no axiom in political economy
can be truer, than that a nation that constantly
buys more than it sells will, in time, become bank-
rupt. A variety of causes may postpone the evil
day; temporary relief may occasionally be found;
but the certain tendency of this course is, and
must be, to this end. This state of affairs existed
prior to the passage of the tariff of 1842, when, in
the progress of the free-tiade system, for some
years pievious to that time, we were brought to
the verge of bankruptcy; and a bankrupt law,
which at one stroke wiped out our indebtedness
of untold millions, became, as was supposed, a
necessity. The tariff of 1842 gradually brought
the country out of the depression in which it had
been thrown by the previous system, and restored
it to unwonted prosperity; and it may safely be
asserted, that every, branch of industry and enter-
prise in tilts country never was more prosperous
than between the years 1843 and 1847—the time
when the beneficial effects of the tariff of 1842 had
their legitimate influences.
We seek, by the passage of the present tariff
bill, to arrest this downward progress of the coun-
try, and restore it to that state of prosperity and
real independence, which our great natural wealth
and resources, and the industry, skill, and enter-
prise of our people, justly entitle us to. To do
this, we must, m laying our revenue laws, so
protect and encourage our own industries that
wc shall be able to carry the productions of this
country to' the point of actual use. This would
increase the capacity of the consumer of agricul-
tural products. Our farmers would have a market
at their doors for their surplus productions, and
the consumers would, from their increased ability
and numbers, buy more of the quantities and
kinds of all farming productions; and nothing
would tend to stimulate the agricultural interests
of the country so-much as a ready market near his
own door for every agricultural production which
.the farm could raise.
How much is lost now for the want of a home
market for many of the bulky articles of the farm
which will not bear a long transportation; how
much is lost in transporting' the more valuable
products to a distant and expensive market, it is
easy to imagine. • *
• We have facilities for manufacturing, in all nat-
ural resources, quite equal, if not superior, to any
other country in the world: in water power, soil,
climate, and mineral wealth; in the intelligence,
skill, and industry of our workmen, and in that
active spirit of enterprise which characterizes the
American people above all others. Then, why is
it that, with these superior advantages, our own
manufactures so languish? Why isit that we send
our raw material to a foreign country, to be there
manufactured, and returned to us in its finished
state, and also send our brcadstuffs to the same
distant market, to feed those engaged in the same
manufacture, and paying the large amount re-
quired for the transportation of the raw materials
and agricultural products to a foreign land, and
then paying for the same returned to us in the
shape of the finished article ?
It is principally to the difference in the price of
labor between this country and Europe that wc
are to look for the difficulty in our manufactures
competing with foreign countries, especially in
those articles such as iron, where manual labor
enters largely into their production. An article
that can be made principally by machinery needs
but little if any protection; but it is not so with
those that require a large amount of labor; and it
then becomes a question of vital importance, and
one that must be fairly met, whether it is the true
policy of this Go\ernment to adopt that system
which tends to depress labor down to the level of
the European standard, or that other and better
one, which shall mciease its value, and elevate its
importance to its just rank as the great element of
our national wealth and prosperity.
The argument in favor of protect ton, based upon
the advantages it confers and the benefits it affords
to the free labor of the country, is, m my opin-
ion, amply sufficient, if no other existed. A just
division of labor must be admitted, I think, an
essential requisite, in order to advance the wealth
and prosperity of a nation to its highestattainable
point. It will notdoto have all, or an undue pro-
portion, engaged in agriculture, lu-1 there be found
no market for the farming surplus; nor will it do for
all to be engaged in manufactures, lestthcre should
he no agricultural products for their subsistence.
The true condition of a State, and the most pros-
perous, is when there is a constant and profitable
employment for the artisan, and a convenientand
reliable market for the farmer. Every intelligent
community would soon adjust its business so as
to bring about this result, if there were no dis-
turbing causes outside which rendered it imprac-
ticable. The lower price of labor in foreign lands
than ill our own is the great disturbing cause
which prevents this from being effected here; and
to remove this difficulty is one principal object of
the protective system.
Suppose we are required to pay a larger price
for a manufactured article made at home than for
the same made ill Europe. This may be conceded
for the sake of the argument; although I am confi-
dent that where an article can be produced and man-
ufactured in this country, all experience proves that
when sufficiently protected, for a reasonable time,
the superior skill of our workmen, and the active
spirit of competition among our people, have al-
most in variably reduced the price below what it was
when the manufacture of it was first commenced.
But suppose, as I said, the article costs more
made here than wc could import it for: in the first
place, we must have the money which we raise
by duties on foreign goods for the support of the
Government—and, by general consent, this is the
easiest and best mode of raising revenue; so that
in reality so long as a tariff raises only sufficient
for the wants of the Government, nothing what-
ever is paid as a bounty to the manufacturer. We
only ask that when the money required by the
Government is to be raised a discrimination shall
be made, so as to afford a reasonable protection
to the great interests of the country. Nothing can
be more unreasonable and unjust than to refuse
this; To do so would seem to he a policy dictated
by the narrowest spirit ofpartisanship, far removed
from a true patriotism and a wise statesmanship.
If, while raising the necessary money for the sup-
port of the Government, we can at the same time
so impose the duty as to foster the manufactures
of the country, develop-the mineral wealth, en-
courage and protect labor, give a good home mar-
ket to the farmer, and thereby give an active and
steady impulse to the whole business of the coun-
try, why shall we not do so ? Can any good rea-
son be shown for pursuing the opposite policy ?
Surely, if gentlemen would divest themselves of
prejudice and party feeling, and come to the ex-
amination of the question with an impartial spirit,
there could be no doubt of the result.
We do not desire a tariff so high as to be pro-
hibitory, for then no revenue could be raised un-
der it. Nor should it be indiscriminate, for then
it would afford no sufficient protection.
The present tariff bill is believed to be adjusted,
as nearly as possible, upon the principle of raising
sufficient revenue for the just wants of the Gov-
ernment, and at the same time so discriminating
as to afford a reasonable amount of protection to
American industry.
Thispolicy,so eminently wise and just, has so
commended itself to the people of the State I m
part represent, that all parties there claim to be
its friends and supporters. Especially does the
so-called Democratic party claim to be its pecu-
liar champion just before an important election,
when it is necessary to secure the votes of its
friends. It will sound strange to honorable gen-
tlemen on the other side of this House to be told
that they belong to the protective tariff party of
the country, and that they are so represented in
the tariff States, when it is well known here that,
with scarcely an exception, you and the party to
which you belong are opposed to the whole sys-
tem.
It is, however, very possible that a candidate
may be nominated by that party who will be rep-
resented to the people of Pennsylvania as a good
tariff man,hoping thereby, asin times past,to se-
cure the support of the confiding people of my
State. The great swindle of 1844, I trust, how-
ever, has not been forgotten by them.
It may be the same game will succeed again.
That it will be tried, there is not much doubt. We
shall see whether our people will consent to be
again deceived and betrayed. We may safely say,
from all past history, that the extent of the friend-
ship of our Democratic leaders for a tariff amounts
to resolutions in town meetings and conventions,
and perhaps stump speeches occasionally before
an election; and no more. So it will always be.
The policy of that party is controlled, and in all
future time is likely to be controlled, by that por-
tion of it living in the cotton States of the South,
who are foolishly hostile to the free labor of the
Noith—erroneously, I think—-believing their in-
terest is to send their raw material to Europe, and
bring baek from there the manufactured article,
instead of encouraging those of our own coun-
try.
From the nature of the labor in that region, it
must be confined to its rudest and simplest form;
being ignorant and unpaid, it has no motive
even if it had the capacity, to rise above its lowest
level. The North, on the contrary, by the just
respect everywhere paid to honest toil, and'the
skill, enterprise, and intelligence of its laboring cit-
izens, who constitute the great bulk as well as the
chief support of its society, has attained the high-
est point of excellence in all its industrial pursuits,
and stands this day at the head of the civilized
world in its triumphs of labor directed by skill
and science.
How is our country to become permanently
prosperous when subjected to the constant drain
upon it, arising from'the large excess of our im-
ports over our exports ? What nation or individ-
