2666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I will ask whether he
knows, if they had ever obtained ninety-six ar-
pents in front upon the river, which they never
did obtain, and have not now, that the north line
.would have crossed the Mississippi river the dis-
tance of about a mile, or about a mile to the south,
and would have taken off the northern part of the
State of Louisiana. 1 make that suggestion in
answer to the Senator's idea that the Governor
knew what he was granting. I say ninety-six
anient.; front on the river would have given half
the upper part of Louisiana.
- Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no doubt at all
about one thing, Mr. President. The geography
.of the back country, the exact bends of the river,
may not have been known to the Governor. He
knew the land was there. You may conceive
of a bend in the river in such a way that the
Governor, giving all the back land, would bring
the lire up to the river again in a bend; but that
would at once be arrested, because the depth
would then be arrested by the front lands granted
on the other front, and that would stop the depth
of the lines. All the back lands are given, pro-
vided they be vacant. Now, you take a bend in
the.river giving back lands, all that there are by
protecting the back line; you meet other fronts,
and you must stop, because then you come to an-
other front instead of being on back lands; but as
long as you continue on lands that are swamp,
bacif from the river, you take what there is until
you come to a water-course.
The Senator from Georgia asked me the other
day for some precedents as to this mode of sur-
vey. I told him I would look up one or two. I
have just sent down for one, because I cannot
have too many of these arguments upon the table.
Here is a claim presented to the board, presented
to the register and receiver in Louisiana, in 1833,
put before Congress, and the land officers here
recommended its rejection, because the depth was
of all the land in tlie rear, or whatever could be
found in the rear. The Land Office here said that
that was void for uncertainty; just what the Sen-
ator from Kentucky said, that this was void for
uncertainty. They would be void for uncertainty
under the common law. They would be void
for uncertainty, here around us, according to our
modes of describing property, because we would
not know what it meant; but when you go to a
province where everybody knew what the lan-
guage meant, where is the uncertainty? The mo-
ment you prove that is the common language, and
it has a fixed meaning, wheie is the uncertainty?
Here the commissioners recommended thiU^p,
should be confirmed to whatever depth found in
the rear, and the Land Office opposed it. Con-
gress refused to confirm it, and sent it back to the
commissioners for a fresh report. The commis-
sioners made a fresh report, and said the Land
Office was making objections because it did not
understand the usages of the country where this
land was granted. The Commissioner of the
Land Office repeated his objection. Now here is
the grant:
" Sosthcne Roman claims a tract of land in the parish of
St. James, west of the Mississippi, beginning back of and
adjacent to, his front track of eight arpents front, and 11111-
nmg hack >o an to embrace all the depth that may be iound
beyond the iir&tdepth of forty ai pents."
That was bis grant—all the back land beyond
forty arpents. He was on the other side of the
Mississippi river. How did he interpret it, and
what was his claim, and how did his surveyor
survey? By going back to the first stream on
which there was high land, becausc that was an-
other front. Consequently here was a survey in
which the first front depth went to forty arpents.
These lines happened to be parallel. They might
have opened just as well as these others. After
taking in the first forty arpents, the surveyor un-
der the term " vacant land in the rear," went on
and surveyed the entire vacant land in the rear
until he came to another stream which formed an-
other front and there stopped; and that, on the re-
port of the commissioners from Louisiana, Con-
gress confirmed in despite of the objections of the
Land Office. Numerous other claims of the same
kind can be found well ascertained with a per-
fectly certainly local meaning. " All the land in
the rear,"means all the vacant land until you find
another front concession, or until you meet a
stream which will be susceptible of being granted
as a front concession. Then it is no longer back
land; then it becomes front land.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky said,
this morning, that this original grant in question
Wcfea grant merely ofan additional depth; and he
says this additional depth ought to have some
relation to the front land, and that the additional
depth asked and the additional depth granted was
the ordinary depth. The Senator has forgotten
the words of this grant. The terms of this grant,
in so many words, are, "all the back land;" but,
says the Senator, it ought only to go forty arpents
deep, because it was asked for for cypress, and
there is no evidence where the cypress timber
begins; and it might justas well have begun with-
in forty arpents as without it. The Senator for-
gets another fact. The petitioner went to the
Governor and said, there is no cypress back of this
land until you get back a league and a half—four
miles and a half—therefore, I can get no cypress
for the use of my plantation; and m view of the
fact that I want cypress, and that there is none
within the distance of four miles and a half, I ask
you to give mo—what' Forty arpents? No, that
would not bring him to tho cypress. "Because
there is no cypress under four miles and a half of
my land behind," says the petitioner; " I want
cypress for the use of my plantation; I therefore
do not ask you to give me the ordinary back
depth of forty arpents; I ask you to give me all
the land behind, so that I may reach cypress."
And what is the answer of the Governor? " Let
the grant be made of all the land behind, as prayed
for." That was in 1776, and yet the Senator from
Kentucky says to-day that there is no indication
of any depth beyond forty arpents, or beyond forty
arpents over the first fort}7-, which would be eighty
arpents in all, in the face of the petition stating
that he could not reach the cypress until he had
gone back four miles and a half, and that he
wanted his grant to cover the cypress, which
would not be reached until he had got four miles
and a half behind.
Now, what was the grant as they claimed it?
They claimed that it went to the lake; that is a
side line of thirteen miles; and that claim was not
made first under our Government; but made as I
said before, to the public officers of the former
Government; made in petitions presented to the
public officers of the former Government; ordered
by them to be sold under advertisements with
that depth of more than four leagues.
But, Mr. President, there is one consideration
connected with this subject upon which the Sen-
ate has been so thoroughly misled, and the mem-
bers of the committee so completely misled, as
shown by their arguments and shown by their
report, that in order to put an end to it, I went to
the Land Office and got from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office his certificate of the facts.
The Senator from Georgia and the Senator from
Ohio, in arguing this case, and the Senator from
Kentucky repeated it to-day, say that it is very
unjust to arm these claimants with a confirmation
or a patent, for the reason that there are numer-
ous other claimants under French and Spanish
concessions; and if any old flaw in the titles can
be found, these claimants have only to present
themselves in court with the patent which Con-
gress gave in 1858 and turn out all of the old claim-
ants; and then Senators expatiate for half a col-
umn at a time on the gross injustice of arming
anybody with a paper of that kind by which he
can turn out of doors other claimants. The Sen-
ator from Georgia even said, that if a man had
come over with Christopher Columbus when he
discovered the continent, and set down there,
yet these claimants coming in with their patents,
could turn him out if there was anything the mat-
ter with his intermediate conveyances. There is
hut one answer to the whole of that, and an an-
swer of fact: that so far from Congress having
granted these parties any preference over all he
other French and Spanish concessions within the
limits of this tract, Congress has done just the
reverse, because long before it confirmed these
claimants to the land left, it had confirmed every-
body else, armed everybody else with an older
patent against these claimants. To show that
this is so, here is the certificate of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office:
" In reply to your letter of the 2d instant"—I
wrote to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office since this debate. The Senators, at the
time of this report, did not know the fact that all
those other claims had been confirmed:
"General Land Office, June 4, 1860.
" Sir : In reply to your letter of the 2d instant, received
this morning, inquiring 'whether there are any claims tt>
land, under Fiench and Spanish concessions, within the
limits of the Iloumas grant, that now remain unconfirmed,'
&c., I have the honor to state that we have no-knowledge
of any unconfirmed claims within the limits of Houmas.
So far as the United States surveys within it have been
returned, all the claims laid down had been confirmed be-
fore the passage of the act of 1858."
Now the members of the committee say, equal-
ity; put everybody on the same footing; give no
man a preference. You have confirmed every other
man within the limits of this grant; you have
armed them all with a Governmenttitle as against
us; you have put everybody else upon such a
footing that they have nothing to do but go into
court and present their patents; and when every-
body else has had a patent, and these parties ap-
ply for a patent for what remains, an outcry is
made that they will, under this younger patont,
be able to turn out all the other grantees. This
is what was said in the argument of the Senator
from Georgia, and the Senator from Ohio. I want,
therefore, that it shall be fully understood, that
the fact shall be known, that there is no conflict
between this grant and any old French or Spanish
grant created by the act of 1858, in which, by that
act, any additional rights are conferred on the
grantees; but, on the contrary, that every French
and Spanish grant within the limits of the Hou-
mas claim has been confirmed to other parties,
and tho act of 1858 only left to the Houmas claim-
ants tho remainder. There is now, therefore, no
conflict with anybody except the squatters. "What
is that conflict' These parties filed their plans
and surveys, put them before your tribunals, laid
out their lines, and said, "this is the land we
claim." They did that in 1804 or 1805. You
passed a law in which you said that land should
be respected until you had finally determined
what should be done with it. Your own officers
violated it. Your judge tells you so—the judge
to whom you referred it. Your own subordinate
officers brought a crowd of claimants on the prop-
erty of these individuals, for which they had
parted with their money a half century ago. They
brought them on there in 1835 for the first time.
In 1829 the first hint was given that there was
any difficulty about the depth of this land. Up
to that time«there had been no' conflict with any-
body. Nobody ever heard of any dispute about
the Houmasgrantuntil 1829; nobody everdreamed
of one. All were in quiet, peaceful possession of
their respective Spanish and French grants. In
1829, one of your under-surveyors sent word hero
to Washington that, in his opinion, the grant did
not go sodeep; and thereupon, and thereupon for
the first time,your Land Office here undertook the
examination of the subject, said that the title was
good to the depth of a league and a half, which
was tho point at which the cypress commenced
under the original petition, and directed the land
to be thrown open for sale for all behind the league
and a half. That was the origin of the whole of
this controversy. Numbers of men came and
bought. It was the first the claimants ever knew
of the difficulty about their depth. They came
on to Washington. They stated in their memo-
rial to the Land Office, which has been presented,
" you have, in violation of law, thrown open our
land to public entry; you have brought a cloud of
litigants upon us; this is a gross violation of our
rights; wc shall have now a suit with every man
who has entered on any eighty acres; return the
money; give us back our land, and sell public
lands elsewhere; you will never be able to put us
straight again; but do the best you can; turn off
everybody who will take his money back and
leave."
The Land Office examined the matter, and,
under the opinion of Mr. Legare, it was determ-
ined that the land officers had no right to open land
for entry; and the Government directed the entries
to be canceled and the money to be returned, and
the parties to leave the land. From that time to
this -there has been contest. From that time to
this there has been contest where ? Not by the
General Government wanting to oust these parties
off their lands, or to raise a litigation with its own
citizens under circumstances like these, but be-
tween a persistent body of settlers on the land
who have constantly had agents keeping up the
