1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government claim for the purpose of opening a
chance for themselves 10 buy; and when, in 1858,
the act was passed reserving all adverse rights,
and the parties were told, "all adverse rights are
reserved under this act; what are you complain-
ing of?" the answer v/as, " our complaint is, that
we have 110 rights, and therefore we have nothing
reserved; we hope to have rights at some time;
we think we ought to have, and hope at some
future day we shall get a right; but now that hope
is taken from us." That is all they could com-
plain of; that is u!l they complain of to-day—that
their chance of buying the land from the Govern-
ment is gone.
Air. COLLAMER. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man one question right there. Is there any diffi-
culty in those who claim to have this title, these
grantees, bringing actions against those settlers?
Has anything suspended their right of action
against them ?
Air. BENJAMIN. In 1836, that same ques-
tion was put to these grantees, and their answer
was given; " If we go into court to sue a mere
squatter, a mere trespasser, it puts no title in issue
at all; it does not put the Government title at
issue." No man can put my title to issue in land
when he is a mere naked trespasser. lie must
show some color of title to drive me to showing
a perfect title.
Mr. COLLAMER. You have a statute of lim-
itations, 1 take it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. COLLAMER. if the man be a trespasser,
or tort-feasor, you can prevent1 your statute of
limitations running by bringing an action against
him.
Mr. RENJAMIN. No doubt.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then if these men have
acquired any rights there it is by your neglect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no pietense that
they have acquired any rights. I do not think
they have a shadow of a right. That is the reason
they complain. They complain that the statute
of 1808 only reserved people who had rights; and
they say that did them no good bccausc they had
no rights.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman, I take it,
understands the purpose of my inquiry. I pre-
sume he does. Suppose these people are on there
tortiously, if you please—that is a question we
cannot try 
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; that haebeen decided
in Louisiana.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they are there tortiously,
they may ultimately, by force of the statute of
limitations, become owners.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well.
Mr. COLLAMER. Bccausc your rights may
be barred by the statute. That makes them
owners.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No doubt.
Mr.COLLAMER. Now,! ask, has there been
any difficulty, and is there any now, in your sup-
porting your action against them, as tort-feasors?
Mr. BENJAMIN. None.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, if you have not
thought proper to bring that action, and the stat-
ute of limitations has run against you, m favor of
tort-feasors 
Mr. BENJAMIN. No statute of limitations
has run; there the Senator is mistaken. Unless
the party has a title, he acquires none by a pos-
session of thirty ypara. A mere tort-feasor docs
not acquire title, unless after a possession of thirty
years.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose it has been thirty
years and more?
. Mr. BENJAMIN. It has not been anything
ike thirty years.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know how long
they have been here; but it is moic than thirty
years since the matter has been pending, I think.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all. It was in 1834 i
Or 1835 that the Land Office here issued its order,
stating that this was public land; and all these
people have gone on since. All others are there
under old French and Spanish concessions.
Mr. COLLAMER. When a man is there you
may call lum a tort-feasor, if he has a preemptive
title, though not a good title. It is a color of title;
and by a proper length of time, under the statute
of limitations, he obtains a good title. Now,
what I desire is this; not to interfere ourselves, or
to furnish you with the means, by a patent from
the United States, of preventing those people from
claiming their titles under their statute of limita-
tions, if they have them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing that
that be done.
Mr. COLLAMER. But if this grant is made
to you, these people are shut up; because you
claim under the United States; and we, instead of
disclaiming, pass over to you our claim. That
would shut these people out. It seems to me that
is a thing wo do not want to do.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know whether the
Senator wants to do that or not, but that has been
the effect of every confirmation made ever since
Louisiana was acquired, and the effect of every
confirmation in California. I do not sec how you
are going to confirm a claim without precluding
a squatter. If every squatter on anybody's land
was to be protected by an act of confirmation,
Heaven knows that there is hardly aland title con-
tinued on which the patentee would ever be able
to get his land. The confirmation has always
had the effect of giving a patent to the claimant.
Mr. COLLAMER. We cannot sit hero as a
court to try titles. We all understand that. Gen-
t lemcn must have felt aware that this is not a body,
the individual members of which arc capable of
following this title all through; but I do not see
why these people, who have a good title, should
want a confirmation from us.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am very sorry the Sen-
ator cannot see it, because it is as old as the hills.
You cannot find one man who has a title, however
perfect it may be, which has not yet been recog-
nized by the General Government, that will not
be here year after year; and if he looks back to
the confirmations in Louisiana, he will find that
nineteen twentieths of the confirmed titles are
perfect grants; bccause your Land Office will not
treat them as good titles until Congress confirms
them. What are you going to do ?
Mr. COLLAMER. What I would desire to
do would be to make a disclaimer, instead of
making a confirmation to a particular person, and
leave the people to settle then- titles between them-
selves in the courts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing to
do that; and I have always understood a confirm-
ation to be that, and nothing else—a disclaimer
of all the title the Government might have in the
land. If the proposition now were to give a con-
struction to the act of 1858, by which it should
only be construed "to be (what I do not believe
any court would construe it to be otherwise than
being) a disclaimer of title by the Government,
but Icavmgtitle in those who claimed a title under
the Government from any cause whatever, I
should have no possible objection to that. That
was the purpose of the reservation; that is what
the reservation was supposed to do, leaving all
adverse claims unaffected. But the idea now is
to raise a litigation with the Government about
the whole land. That is what I am complaining
of; that is what I say is unjust and improper; in-
viting a litigation afresh between the Government
and tile claimants of the whole title. If the com-
mittee, in taking this matter into consideration, j
had reported, " we consider that here is a good
title" (as they have said in debate) " to the depth
of forty or eighty arpents; we do not consider
the titlcgood to anygreaterdepth; and therefore
we propose that the confirmation of the act of
1858, so far as Congress was concerned, l>e lim-
ited to confirming "the depth of eighty arpents;
winch we suppose to be a good confirmation; and
so far as regards all further depth, it shall only
be construed as a disclaimer by the Government
of its own title; but leaving in full force the rights
of all persons claiming through the Government,"
I should not have had a word to say; I would
have concurred in such legislation; because it was
what was originally intended.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that that last qual-
ification should not be m.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What is that?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is that this Govern-
ment should disclaim entirely the whole of it, and
leave these people to have their lights settled in
court, let them get their claims from where they
might. .
Mr. BENJAMIN. What would be the objec-
tion, then, to so wording tho act as to say, that the
Government disclaims all title in the rear of the
eighty arpents not claimed by others, and leave
the others who make a claim to contest the claim
with these grantees. But -that is not at ail the
legislation which is proposed. It is the character
of the legislation that is so objectionable.
Mr. COLLAMER. if we do not repeal this
grant—I am not going into the question of power—
it makes it good for all of the claim, and you get
a patent for it all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, we have
either a right to repeal this act or not. If we have
no light to repeal it, there is no use in repealing
it; but if we have a right over it, then I say this;
the committee assume that Congress has still a
right over this act of 1858. Why do they go be-
yond the necessities of the legislation which, in
argument here, they themselves profess to be
neccssary ? Why do they make litigation between
the Government and these claimants for their
entire plantations, front and rear; for everything
that they have had in possession, unquestioned,
for nearly a century? Why do not the commit-
tee say, here in the draft of their bill, " believing
the title to the first forty arpents to be unques-
tioned, we leave the act in full force as to those
forty arpents; and believing that an additional
depth of forty arpents is fairly granted under the
double conccssion, we leave the act in force as to
that; and in relation to the whole remainder, we
repeal the act of 1858 in such form that it shall
have no force or effect whatever on lands in the
possession of, or claimed by, anybody else, under
any title whatever." That I should understand.
That would put the parties in a position which
we would all understand as just and proper. But
the proposition of thccommittec is not to put the
parties back in the position in which they were
before. The proposition as originally made, and
as now substantially made, is to claim for the
Government to turn these parties out of every-
thing, unless they can set up now, in a litigation
with the Government, a good claim. Not even
the front land—not an acre; nothing that is ad-
mitted to belong to them is to bo without litiga-
tion. All is to be claimed by the Government;
all is to be thrown into fresh litigation; and this,
too, after fifty-five years of litigation or doubt,
created by your own act. They put their claim
before your own tribunals fifty-five years ago,
and had it confirmed and approved. That is what
I say is so objectionable in this legislation.
Mr. PUGll. Docs the Senator mean to say
that this bill disturbs the depth of forty arpents?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. l'UGH. Why, sir, the act of 1807 pro-
vides expressly that the confirmation of a grant
less than a league square shall be final; that the
party shall have a patent from the board without
confirmation by Congress. There has never been
a day, from 1807 to the present hour, that the
Iioumas claimants could not have had a patent
from the Land Office for the depth of forty ar-
pents. They can have it now. That is what the
committee understand and believe. Therefore
we have nothing to do with the original conces-
sion; the act of 1807 is perfect as to that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The act of 1807 confirmed
claims to tho extent of a league square, but not
where more than a league square was claimed. It
affirmed claims to the extent of a league square.
Mr. PUGH. That covers the first grant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It confirmed all claims that
did not excccd a league square. I think that is
the language.
Mr. PUGfH. I stated just now my opinion;
but my friend from Georgia says it is not his
opinion. I lead the act of 1807 carefully. It pro-
vided that where the claims only embraced a
given quantity there need be no further appeal.
Therefore I thought, and I think now, that as to
the original grant, the first Houmas grant, the
title is perfect to-d ay, and they can have a patent.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will read the language of
the law. There is no such thing in it as the Sen-
ator from Ohio thinks there is. Here is the sec-
tion ;
" That the commissioners appointed, or to be appointed,
foi the purpose of ascertaining the of persons claim-
ing land in the Territories of Orleans and Louisiana, shall
have full power to decide according to the laws, established
usages, and customs of the French and Spanish Govern-
ments, upon all claims to lands within their respective dis-
mete, where a claim is math*" by any person or persona, or
the legal representatives of any person or persons, w.io
weio, on the 20th of December, 1803, inhabitants o. Lou-
isiana, and for a tract not exceediog the quantity of acres
in a league &quaie.,J
