104'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
destroy the mails. I will read a short extract
that I took from the speech of Mr. Wadsworth,
of Connecticut, a member of the Congress of 1791.
"When this matter was under consideration, then,
he said:
" That the members of both Houses of Congress received
and sent during their session as many letters as all the other
inhabitants of Philadelphia; which letters, if paid at the
usual rates, would amount to half the postage of the United
Statesi He said, that the number and bulk of franked letters
and packets excluded the newspapers fiom the mail, and
thus prevented the circulation of intelligence."
If Mr. Wadsworth was correct at that time,
what would he say now, when the mails are loaded
down with ponderous volumes such as were un-
known at the time when this speech was made?
" He further said, if the evil increased, (and theie was no
probability of its being diminished, except by the entire
abolition of the privilege,) it would eventually prove the
ruin of the Post Office.5'
That last clause is very near prophetic, for the
Post Office has been very nearly ruined by this
system. It was the intention of the Government,
in the organization of the Department, that it
should be self-sustaining. All the laws clearly
indicate that. The act of February 20,1792, " to
establish the Post Office and post roads in the Uni-
ted States, "declares that" the Postmaster General
shall provide for carrying the mail of the United
States,'5 and "shall defray the expense thereof,
together with all other expenses arising on the col-
lection and management of the revenue of the Post
Office." The act of 1794 enacts that the postage
" shall be paid to such contractors as a compensa-
tion for their expenses." The last mentioned act
authorized the Postmaster General to contract for
<{ tfic carriage ofa mail on any road on which a stage
wagon, or other stage carriage, shall be established,
on condition that the expense thereof shall not
exceed the revenue thence arising." In 1836,
Congress provided that " the aggregate sum re-
quired for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment in each year shall be appropriated by law
out of the revenues of the Department."
Thus you see that the laws from 1791 to 183G
clearly indicate that this Department should be
self-sustaining; and it is certainly proper that it
should be self-sustaining. Justice, common hon-
esty, and public policy, alike demand that those
who enjoy the privileges of the Post Office De-
partment should pay for them, and not those who
do not have a direct benefit in it. Who is it that
uses this Post Office Department? Those who en-
joy the largest mail facilities, and tax most heavily
the postal service, are the merchants, the business
men, and men of fortune and wealth. It is those
men who frequently write from ten to thirty letters
aday, while the farmer, the laboring men through-
out the country, perhaps would not average a let-
ter more than once a week, or a month; yet, under
this system of making Ua tax upon the Govern-
ment, you require those who do not enjoy, except
to a very limited degree, the benefits or prmleges
of this establishment, to pay for it out of the earn-
ings of their labor. This Department should be
brought back to the status that it exhibited for the
first sixty years after it was organized. From
1790 to 1838, the Post Office Department was self-
sustaining. It was so from 1838 to about 3850,
with a few exceptions, sometimes the revenues
going a little over and sometimes a little under.
But how is it since 1850? The deficiencies have
gone on increasing until, in 1858, its expenditures
exceeded its receipts $5,265,027. For the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 18o9, the excess of expend-
itures amounted to ^C,9(36,009 26. Thus you see
that we have a deficiency now upon us of nearly
seven million dollars a year. That is an evil that
should be stopped; and I am for doing it at this
time, and not delaying it longer than we can pass
this bill and send it to the lower House for its con-
- currencc Abolish this franking privilege, which
I believe will go far toward.) making the Depart-
ment self-sustaining; and if that does not do it,
then let us apply the ax of retrenchment to the
root of other evils that arc indicated by the Post-
master General, in this very able and elaboiate
report of his. Let us retrench in every mode and .
form we can; and if we find that we cannot, by
proper retrenchment, succeed in making the De-
partment self-sustaining, then let us raise the post-
age until it will do it. That is our duty, in my
humble opinion, and we ought not to throw it as
a burden on the labor of the great masses of the
people, It is a true and trite saying, that ** those
who dance should pay the piper;" and those who
enjoy the privileges of this Department should
pay for them.
Why, sir, in looking into this matter, as I did
to a very limited extent when I introduced a bill
for the purpose of abolishing this privilege, I
found some very curious things connected with
it; and, if the Senate will allow me, I will read a
short abstract, that is taken from the Parliamentary
History of England, of the debate that occurred
there in the year 1660:
" Colonel Titus reported the bill for the settlement of the
post office, with the amendments.
" Sir Walter Earle delivered a proviso for the letters of
all members of Puiliament to go free, during their sittings.
" Sir I-Teneage Finch said it was a poor mendicant pro-
viso, and below the honor of the House."
I fully concur with Mr. Finch in that.
"Mr. Pyne spoke also against the proviso. Mr. Brink-
ley, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Geoige Downing, and Sergeant
Charlton, for it; the latter saying: 'The Council's letters
went tree.5
"The question being called for, the Speaker, Sir Har-
bottle Grimstone, was unwilling to put it, saying he was
ashamed of it; nevertheless the proviso was earned, and
made patt of the bill, which was ordered to be engrossed.
" The Lords subsequently disagreed to this proviso, and
it was ultimately thrown out.
" At a bubsequent period, however, both Houses did not
fee] it below their honor to secure to themselves thn ex-
emption from postage."
Those members of the British Parliament en-
joyed this privilege to a very limited extent com-
pared to the members of the American Congress;
but the evil increased so in Great Britain that, m
1838, upon a revision of their post office laws,
they utterly abolished it; and now the British
Sovereign has to put a postage stamp on each one
of her letters. I suppose there never was a Gov-
ernment on earth where the franking privilege was
used and abused to the extent that it is in this.
As to the argument that it is the means of dis-
seminating intelligence, I do not concur with those
who urge it. The newspapers and the periodicals
are the groatmedia of communicating intelligence
to the people, not the reports printed by this Con-
gress. What do we witness now? We find that
the message of the President of the United States,
and the reports of the various Executive Depait-
ments, which have not yet found their way to our
tables, have been for months published in many
newspapers in the land. Those reports have not
yet greeted our eyes on our tables here; but,
through the energy of the press, they have been
printed; they have gone fco England, and we have
received from that country the comments on the
President's message. I think gentlemen need not
fear that their actions and doings m this Hall will
not be known to the country, and widely dissem-
inated throughout the length and breadth of the
land. The genius of this age has harnessed the
lightning, and sent it as a daily post-boy to every
city and hamlet m this vast nation, save and ex-
cept the States on the Pacific coast. Tiic proceed-
ings of this Congress—ail those that are of strik-
ing importance—are read every morning after its
deliberations by the people in every large city and
every village of respectable size throughout the
whole country. To the inventive genius of Morse
and the energy of the Associated Press, the people
are indebted for that rapid and speedy dissemina-
tion of intelligence, and not to the sluggish mode
of printing documents for distribution among them
here. I would have no mail mutter go free other
than the exchanges of newspapers. I would allow
them to go free. -I would give them every priv-
ilege consistent with duty, m order that such in-
telligence as they choose to put in their papers
might be freely disseminated among tin- people.
In ltflO, we had in the United States three hun-
dred and iifty-nine newspapers and periodicals,
with an annual circulation of twenty-two million
three hundred and twenty-one thousand seven
hundred.
In 1850, we had two thousand eight hundred
newspapers and periodicals, with an annual circu-
lation of four hundred and twenty-two million
six hundred thousand.
There was one publication for every seven thou-
sand one hundred and sixty-one free inhabitant of
the United States.
Add eighty-four million five hundred and twenty
thousand, which is twenty per cent., for increase
of circulation for the last ten years, and we have
an annual circulation, at this time, of five hundred
and seven million one hundred and twenty thou-
sand. This is the mighty engine to which the
country looks for the dissemination of intelligence
among the people.
In the last report of the late Postmaster Gen-
eral, Governor 13i own, speaking of the transport-
ation of these heavy documents, he said:
" In a single instance the transportation of the books, &c.,
to one member from Utah, cost the Department between
six and seven thousand dollars.5''
A very intelligent gentleman told me, in the
beginning of this Congress, that it would cost the
Government $10,000, at the usual price of freights,
to transport the printed matter that the Delegate
from Utah then had in his possession for trans-
mission to his constituents. These are evils of
which the whole country complains. Large
amounts of heavy bags and documents accumu-
late and obstruct the mails; they keep out the
newspapers; they keep out the paid matter to a
very great extent, or, if they do not keep it out,
they so load down the mails that they do noi go
with that celerity and dispatch that they should.
Frauds are very frequent, and very great, and,
indeed, they seem to have become very common
under this system. I noticed m the debate when
our fathers were speaking on this matter, they
said that no gentleman would ever call on a mem-
ber of Congress for his frank. Our worthy sires
were very much mistaken, it seems, or this age-
is much more degenerate than they thought that
was, for I understand it is common now for mem-
bers of Congress to frank whole packages of en-
velopes for the use of others. And notwithstand-
ing there is a penal statute against forging or
counterfeiting the franks of members, there seems*
to be no chance to punish the offenders. I find
in the report of the Postmaster General a letter
from Mr. Robert Ould, United States district
attorney for this District. It seems they under-
took to punish a person for using the frank of a
Senator. In a letter to the Postmaster General
the district attorney says:
" The jury remained in their room twenty minutes, and
then, much to my astonishment, and, I think, to that of the
judge, found the'defendant 'not guilty.' In conversation--
with seveial of the jurors, I was told their reason was two
fold: first, that they were not fully satij-fied fhar Phillip*
reported to Judge Douglas's frank ' in oider to avoid the
payment of postageand, s-econdlv, that tiie law had been
so commonly and notoriously violated that no piosoeution
ought to be founded upon it until, at lea«d. express or per-
sonal notice had been given by the Department that offend-
er. ui all cases, would be proceeded against."
That is the most startling declaration of want of
morality in the country. The offense is abso-
lutely so common that a jury say they will not
find the parties guilty. 'The only way to cut off
this abuse is to abolish the privilege altogether,
and that, I hope, Congress will speedily do, and
I hope it will be done at this time. There is no
time so auspicious as this. The note of prepara-
tion for the coming presidential campaign is being
sounded in every direction, and we see, from the
tabular statements I have read, that millions of
documents go out under the franks of members
throughout this country;and that,I suppose,con-
stitutes a veiy small portion of the matter that is
usually franked in these campaigns, for all that 1
have here is that which goes through the folding-
room of the two Houses. 1 know that party or-
ganizations exist very compactly in this country.
They have their folding-rooms in the cities, their
regular clubs, and they have, at each one of those
places, a member of Congress who uses his frank
for the purpose of sending documents out. I be-
lieve, in this capital, it has been customary, for
years back, for each great political party to keep
a member of Congress here in that service. He,
it is said, employs a great many clerks to imitate
his hand, and put his frank on documents. This
thins: should be stopped, and stopped at once.
We hear a groat deal of talk about retrenchment
and reform. and it is common for members of both
Houses of Congress to assail persons outside. I
tell you we should commence the retrenchment
and reform right here. This is the place, and we
should commence it by abolishing this privilege
to members; and we should follow it up where
ever we can retrench. Wherever we can sa\ e the
public money and the public morality, let us do it.
I am of the opinion, sir, that this amendment
should be speedily passed, and that it should be
passed just where it is. I think the prefine of
which gentlemen speak, that is around thisbiil, is
an argument for this amendment. We should a\ ail
ourselves of that influence to accomplish a great
