1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
these parties, who, in my judgment, have not
only got the legal title that you have given them,
but us honest, as just, as upright a title as human
being ever held for property on earth. I think
that the attempt to involve them m litigation, by
the provisions of this bill, is inequitable. I think
that the action of the General Government towards
them has been inequitable originally; that action
not recognized by Congress, not authorized by
Congress, but the unjustifiable action of subor-
dinate officers of the Government; but that action
is one which to-day you propose, by this bill, if I
understand it correctly, to sanction and carry out.
That is the stylo of legislation which Judge Camp-
bell has pronounced, in his judgment, to be in-
equitable, never to have received the action of
Congress, and which he reprehends as one that
never could receive the action of Congress, or be
supported by the courts. Still, there seems to be
a disposition to pass a bill in that way; and I
only make an appeal to the Senate, if the object
is to put all these parties on the same ground,
not to bring the Government into litigation with
these parties, but to content yourselves with re-
pealing the law so far as regards every individual
that claims, but not bring them into a fresh con-
test with the Government; not bring the Govern-
ment back again into the State of Louisiana with
this floating title over a large extent of country.
As to applying to these parties the act of 1824,
which the Senator from Georgia suggested yes-
terday—but I believe lie has withdrawn that to-
day 
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He leaves that in?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then if you look at the
act of 1824, we are just where we were yesterday.
The Senator from Texas has shown me the act
of 1824, which, in its fifth section—I did not know
it yesterday—provides just as this original bill
provided, that if these parties do not begin suit
against the Government within two years, they
shall have no land at all, but the whole shall be
taken as public property, and sold by the officers.
If the Senate will sanction such legislation as that,
it only makes it more obvious what the result
in court ranst be.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President 
Mr. POLK. Before the Senator from Georgia
proceeds, I will read, for the information of the
Senate, the fifth section of the act of 1824.
Mr. TOOMBS. I knowall aboutit; but if you
want to read it, you can do so.
Mr. POLK. That section provides:
" Sec. 5. And It it further enacted, Thr.t any claim to
lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the puiview ot
this act, winch shall not b« brought by petition hefoic the
said courts within two year* altet the pacing of t!n< act,
or which, after being biou«iht before the paid couits, shall,
on account ol the ncjleet or delay of the claimant, not be
pioM'cnted to a. final decision wilhm tinee years, shall be
lorevor barred, both at law and [in] equity, and no other
notion at common law, or pioeerding in equity, shall ever
tiiciealter be sustained, in auy court whatever, in relation
to said claims."
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, this case has
been debated on a great many little points, to es-
cape the true issue. These I shall not notice. I
will not detain the Senate long'. Notwithstanding
I am not a Louisiaman; notwithstanding I am not
skilled in the civil law, I know this ease from
bottom to top—the whole of it—every part of it.
The facts have been spread out on your legisla-
tive history for near a half century. They not
only had the argument of the eminent counsel of
these parties from Louisiana, Mr. Janin, in their
committee-room, orally, but they had it in writ-
ing; and they heard the argument on that side,
and none on the other. Then, certainly, we had
the fullest opportunity of hearing all that the very
eminent counsel knew; and thus have our igno-
rance enlightened. Now, before I proceed to the
main argument, in regard to which the Senator
fioin Louisiana lays down a very extraordinary
doctrine, I will begin where he left off.
Judge Campbell, in the opinion to which the
Senator referred, expressed not one single word
which affected this legislation. It is merely an
attempt to wrench a great authority to a point to
which it had no application. By the act of 1811,
the Government ot the United States did say that
where persons produced their titles, she would
not permit the lands claimed by them to be pre-
empted or sold until sheactcd on it. All that Judge
Campbell said was, that if the officers allowed pre-
emptions on such lands, they actcd illegally; just
as he said Mr. Bibb acted illegally when he gave
these partiesapatent. That isall that Judge Camp-
bell decided under tiie act of 1811; which said the
Government should not grant the lands within the
boundaries of any claim until the final action of
Congress upon the claim. That is the way this
question has been kept open for forty-five years,
because there has been no action on the part of the
Government; nobody represents the Government.
These people tome here from time to time, year
after year, to get a confirmation of their titles;
and because the Government would not confirm
them, they come here now and claim them by
prescription.
The gentleman complains of our applying the
act of 1824 to these grantees. I should like to
know why the grantees under the Houmas claim
are entitled to a better meed of justice than he
during the last ten years of his public life lias per-
mitted to be administered to everybody else. So
with the Senator from Missouri. The act of 1824
was passed by the Government to try private laud
titles. At first it was limited in duration. It was
revived by the act of 1844. It stands to-day, and
under it have been tried all the rights of the people
in Missouri; all the rights of the people of Lou-
isiana to imperfect claims. It has stood the law
for upwards of thirty-five years; but now it is a
monstrous outrage to put it on the Houmas gran-
tees ! That is intolerable to the Senator from Lou-
isiana, when it has been thus applied to every
constituent that he had who had only ail equita-
ble title, not a complete one, was governed by
that law. Where a man had a complete title,
there was no necessity for your confirmation.
I know what the law is. Nobody was bound to
bring up a perfect claim. It is not true, as T am
informed by these people, that all these men are
squatters. They represent to the Senate by their
petition—I know nothingaboutit otherwise; they
are the gentleman's constituents, not mine—that
they arc five hundred in number, one hundred of
whom hold Spanish grants, many of which have
never been confirmed. They say that, having good
titles, they did not want a confirmation. They
send an agent here, Mr. Tillotson, and lie says
to the Houmas grantees, "I have met your title
and defeated it, the only time you ever showed
your face in a court of justice." That is what
he says in his appeal on your table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not choose to enter
into what Mr. Tillotson's allegations were. The
Senator from Texas had shown direct falsehoods
on the face of liis petition, and I did not wish to
go into it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think he showed any
such fact.
Mr. WIGPALL. Perhaps you did not listen.
Mr.TOOMBS. Probably! did not see the facts
like the honorable Senator from Texas; but I
think I understand them, and I must use the best
means that God has given me for getting at the
truth. I know, from the Land Office reports here,
that there are large amounts of such grants in
that condition; and since this act was passed, the
land office at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, reports that
some of these claims have never been surveyed at
all. Mr. Wilson may state to the contrary; but
as to its being true, I say I have the evidence of
the local land officer to the contrary. I have the
official statement here on my table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator read that
statement of the land officers m Louisiana, be-
cause they make their reports to the land officer
here, and upon them the General Land Office
acts.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will read it if necessary.
Some claims have never been surveyed, and the
officers wrote here for instructions what to do
with them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not say surveyed; I
said confirmed. Are there any of them that have
never been confirmed ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Wilson says he knows
of none. I have come to a different conclusion,
from the best information I have.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We may not perhaps be
speaking of the same thing, or 1 do not under-
stand the Senator. What I say is, that within
the limits of the Houmas grant there is not a
single unconfirmed Spanish pr French grant re-
maining.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say I am informed directly
to the contrary; and I say further, that so far as
this complaint of the Government of the-United
States is concerned, it is nothing but its-forbear-
ance that is now pleaded to ripen a claim, the very
assertion of which was a monstrosity. What
has been the conduct of this Government?, The-
honorable Senator from Virginia, for some puiv-
pose or other, spoke of this as an extraordinary
proceeding; as similar to the proceeding of one of
the kings of England, who called upon the barons
for their title, and they said their title was in the-
scabbards of their swords. That was very elo-
quent, it is true; but I should like to know when
the Government of the United States buy s or con-
quers a province, and agrees to protect the inhab-
itants' rights of property, how else she is to set
about finding their rights. I should like to seo
human wit devise any other waj. The Govern-
ment bought a vast domain from the Balize to the
forty-ninth degree of north latitude, from the Mis-
sissippi as far west" as could be found," because
that question was not then settled, and wo came
near having a war with England about it. That
was ourgrant from Prance. There wen;great num-
bers of persons who held land in that Territory.
AH the restof it was publicdomain. Now, I want
to know how you could proceed in any other way
than we did? We pursued the same policy in Mis-
souri and Arkansas, in Florida and California.
We have called up all those people to show their
titles and make them good, and I never heard any
complaint of it before. In Louisiana we provided
that those who had perfect titles might or might
not come forward with them, as they chose; but
wo required all others to bring forward their titles.
The Senator knows as well as I do that the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court are full and com-
plete on this point; that this title is jt^t as good,
if it were good at all, without this law as with it.
These parties did not want a patent for a good
title; it was of no use to them on the face of the
earth. It is only of use when' they have not a
good title; and that is the reason they want it, in
my judgment.
We are chided by the honorable Senator from
Texas about our obligations under the treaty.
Everybody knows we arc bound to protect peo-
ple's property; but where and what is their prop-
erty > Suppose these grantees had claimed all
Louisiana; suppose they had setup that pretension
—which the Senator himself admits is ridiculous
—of following this line, cross the Mississippi
and take in Missouri and Arkansas, (and we
have it officially from the Land Office that, taking
it as it really would run crossing the Mississippi,
it would include a great part of Missouri and
Arkansas;) yet suppose somebody could be found
extravagant enough to claim it: how are you going
to got at him? If he claimed all West Florida,
what must you do? Look into the title. The
Senator, by an adroit statement, makes a very
good point. lie says we set up a court to try
these cases,from which there was an appeal to
Congress. He states two facts, but yet joins
them together, so as to make the whole as far
from the real fact as if the language was entirely
different. The commission was not a court. Con-
gress appointed three commissioners, one of them
the register, to examine into the titles. They com-
pelled all those who had imperfect titles to go be-
fore the commissioners, and permitted people who
had perfect titles to bring those up or not as they
chose. The object was to have them reported to
Congress for their action, it being especially de-
clared that the commissioners were only sent there
to look into this business, and see what sort of
claims the people did have, and report them to
Congress. Imperfect claims required confirma-
tion ; but if the titles were good, they were just as
good without confirmation as with it. We made
this provision to carry out the treaty. Wc did it
with the utmost good faith. We were not bound
by the treaty to give every man everything that he
claimed. There must be some way of settling
what was his. We see by this' argument that this
is no place to try this title; and therefore the com-
mittee were not willing to express an opinion
about the title, but only to say that it was not a
case so clear as to require Congress to do the great
wrong complained of in this petition. Therefore,
we say to these gentlemen: "go where thousands
of your fellow-citizens have gone; go where the
people of Missouri have gone, and the people of
