I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
283
36th 'Cong. .. .1st Sess. The Political Crisis—The Danger and the Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. 01? Reps.
a leading characteristic of that party, if not the
very quintessence of its creed.
I have already alluded to what I conceive to bo
a just interpretation of the theory upon which the
organization rests; and I might produce numerous
instances where its leaders have denied the natural
superiority of the white man over the black, and
have expressed sentiments in favor of bringing
negroes and white people to the same political
level. The whole country arc familiar with the
refusal of Governor Banks, when the Republican
candidate for Speaker, to say he considered the
white man superior to the negro. He considered
whichever ivas the superior race would in time absorb
the other, (by amalgamation, of course,) unci he
left it to time to determine. And the whole Repub-
lican party in Congress indorsed these sentiments
by voting for him for Speaker. (For his remarks,
and the vote, see Congressional Globe, page 227,
first session Thirty-Fourth Congress.) Mr. Sew-
ard, who is the admitted head of the party, has
never concealed his sentiments; and we have the
evidence of an honorable member upon this floor,
[Governor Smith, of Virginia,] that Mr. Seward
said to him, in presence of several gentlemen, that
he (Seward) was in favor of allowing free negro
suffrage in New York; and on Governor Smith
remarking that New York would bo a good place
for Virginia to ship her free negroes to, Mr. Sew-
ard said: " We will receive them with great pleas-
ure; we have a great deal of difficulty with the Ger-
man and Irish voters in times of election; ice have to
raise a great deal of money to secure their votes; the
rascals take our money, and then vote against us;
but we have no such trouble with the colored men. "
The whole ofthis remarkable conversation will be
found on pages 238 and 239 of the Congressional
Globe of the present session. (See appendix A.)
But there is nothing in it at all inconsistent with
the theory of the principles of Mr. Seward and
his party, or even with their acts. The same dis-
position to elevate the negro above the white man
of foreign birth is exhibited in the acts of the
Republicans of Massachusetts and elsewhere,
and by the repeated declarations of members of
that party, as I shall proceed to show.
The statement of Governor Smith that Mr.
Seward manifested a willingness to exchange the
Dutch and Irish of New York for the free negroes
of Virginia, is corroborated by the following ex-
tract from Helper's book, which Mr. Seward
unqualifiedly indorsed, and " every sentence of
which," Mr. Giddings says, "finds a response in
the hearts of all h'tie Republicans." " We can well
afford to dispense with the ignorant Catholic ele-
ment of the Emerald Isle. In the influences which
they exTeit on society, there is so little difference
between slavery, Popery, and negro-driving De-
mocracy, that we are not at all surprised to see
them going hand in hand in their diabolical svork
of inhumanity and desolation." (Page 83.)
It will not be forgotten that a compendium of
the book from which this abusive fling at the Irish
was taken, received the written indorsement of
sixty-eight Republican members of Congress,
whose names will be found on the 196th page of
the Congressiona^fllalobe for the present session.
This sentiment of extravagant love for the negro
and hatred of the white foreigner, which has been
found chiefly heretofore in the eastern States,
where Republicanism has been the most firmly
planted, is beginning to take root even in the
West I find in a western paper the following par-
agraph, attributed to the Cleveland (Ohio) Herald,
a leading Republican paper:
" We unhesitatingly aver that seven tenths of the
foreigners in our land, who bow in obedience to the
will of the Pope of Rome, are not as intelligent as
the full-blooded Jifricans of our State; we will not
include the part bloods."
I also find in the newspapers a statement that
some time ago a Black Republican preacher by
the name of Tucker, in Johnson county, Indiana,
used the following language in an oration before
Sabbath-school children, from the pulpit. Hear
him:
"And now, girls, when you get to be about
sixteen years of age, and begin to wear combs in
your hair, you will think of marrying. Let my
advice be to you all in making a selection of a hus-
band, to rather choose a negro than a ichite man who
drinks whisky."
It seems by this that, whilst some Republicans
think more of negroes than white foreigners, oth-
ers think more of them than of any white man
who drinks whisky. How long will it be be-
fore some crazy abolition fanatic sets up a claim
for the superiority of the negro over tne white
race generally? How long will it be, if these
fanatics obtain the power, before negroes are ele-
vated to high official positions in the Govern-
ment? How long will it be before Hon. Pom-
pey Smash, Fred Douglass, or some other kinky-
headed and thick-lipped darkey presents himself
here, all redolent with the peculiar odor of his
race, to claim a scat as one of the people's rep-
resentatives ? When we reflect upon the state
of public sentiment in some portions of the Uni-
ted States, such a contingency may not be so
improbable or remote as gentlemen may sup-
pose. What is to prevent it, if the negro is to
be held a citizen, possessing equal rights with
the white man? If Mr. Seward is elected Pres-
ident, is it not likely he would prefer appointing
a negro to office rather than one of those " ras-
cals" he speaks of, (German and Irish voters,)
who " take our money and then vote against us ?"
More than once have intimations been thrown
out by Republican leaders of a willingness to
support negroes for high office. ^
Mr. Charles C. Van Zant, late Speaker of the
Rhode Island House of Representatives, and a
prominent Black Republican leader in that State,
m the Republican State convention held in Prov-
idence recently, was a candidate for the nomina-
tion for Attorney General. He made a speech,
which we find reported in the Providence Even-
ing Press, in which he expressed a " willingness to
support Fred Douglass for the next President, if he
should succeed in getting the Republican nomina-
tion
When the celebrated Abolitionist Gerrit Smith
resigned his seat ill the Thirty-Third Congress,
the Kew York Tribune noticed the fact m the fol-
lowing significant and insulting language:
"Gerrit Smith has resigned his seat in Con-
gress, to take effect at the close of the present ses-
sion. We regret this withdrawal. Mr. Smith is
preeminently a patriot, a Christian, and a philan-
thropist; and men of that stamp are too scarce in
either House. Then he is an ultra Abolitionist—
one who believes slavery never was, because it never
could be. constitutional or legal anywhere, and that
every slave has a perfect moral right to assert and secure
his freedom by any means that icill be effective. The
Soutlnons needed a'sight of the genuine article.
They have had it, and" will sleep easier and have
truer notions of northern peculiarities hereafter.
But for Mr. Smith's election, they might have
squirmed a little ichen Fred Douglass came to pre-
sent his credentials and hang up his hat as a member;
while, after this specimen of our ultras, we have
high hopes that they will take the next dose pla-
cidly, like philosophers and gentlemen."
That the election of Douglass, or some other
negro, was not improbable in a district that had
cle-ctcd a crazy fanatic, with such sentiments as
tins extract attributes to Mr. Smith, was an opin-
ion quite natural, and no doubt entertained by
moie than the New York Tribune; and there are
those now here who may live to see it realized.
This same New York Tribune/which is the Re-
publican Bible, of the 17th of March last, says:
" We were visited a few days since, by a Vir-
ginian—Mr. Oscar Carey, of Loudoun county.
He was as black as the yzc of spades, but a gen-
tleman in his manners and bearing, as most of the
negroes and some of lli/iehite men of that State arc
known to be." y
"Most of the negroes," and " some of the white
men!"
But I find, sir, that the limits of my speech will
not admit of the introduction of all the evidence 1
have collected upon this branch of the subject. I
have much more of the same sort, which I may
produce on some other occasion. I have only
time now to submit the following pithy extract,
which I find attributed to a Republican paper in
Illinois. Here it is:
"Republicanism Boi,di.y Proclaimed.—The
Freeport (Illinois) Journal of a recent date, comes
out flat-footed, and proclaims the doctrine of the
Republican party thus:
" 'We believe tlic negro is human; he has a
soul; he has an intellect; and in so far as the right
of suffrage or any other right of "citizenship is con-
cerned, he should be placed on an equality with the
rest of mankind. We further believe that the negro
is superior, in all the requirements necessary for citi-
zenship, to a majority of the Irish " cattle " who dis-
grace our soil.' "
These .declarations, from the lips and pens of
prominent Republicans, I consider consistent with
the principles upon which thy party is founded;
but not more consistent than their acts will be
found to be with their declarations. And now Jet
us examine their acts.
If you want to find what pure and unadulter-
ated Republicanism is, look into those States where
that party have unlimited control. This investi-
fation I have attempted to make. To that end
addressed letters to intelligent and responsible
gentlemen in each of these States, soliciting defi-
nite and reliable information upon the subject. I
regret the limits of my speech will not permit me
to submit the replies in full; but here is one, writ-
ten with such ability and spirit, that I cannot re-
sist the temptation to read it, premising that the
writer is one of the soundest and purest statesmen
of New England, and merits the high position he
occupies in his party and before the country. He
says:
" With a view to comprehensive brevity, permit
me to meet your several inquiries, by first refer-
ring to the conjectural platform of the Republican
party. It is constantly to be borne in mind that
the Republican party has no standard of principle,
cxcept that which is to be found in the Abolition
, party—a party which is bold and uncompromising
I in its deliberately-chosen positions and declara-
tions, nnd which adheres to its plansand promul-
gates its dogmas and purposes in utter contempt
of all constitutional authority not in harmony
with its own platform. Its distinctions are plainly
fundamental, while those of the Republican party
are as clearly factitious, and made conformable to
the current delusions of the day. The Abolition
party boldly denounces the United States Consti-
tution as ' a covenant with death—an agreement
with hell;' while the Republicans professedly
honor it, and yet constantly favor legislation that
contravenes its own requisitions. The Abolition-
ists would regard it a privilege and a public bless-
ing to be able to subvert and destroy the Gov-
ernment, as at present organized; while the Re-
publicans claim to be its greatest admirers and
bravest defenders, and then prove their loyalty by
combining with the Abolitionists against the ex-
ecution of all laws which they do not approve.
The Abolition party has pursued an undeviatmg
course for a period of more than twenty-five years;
while the Republican has not continued of the
same character as many days. The Abolitionists
boldly raise their flag, displaying its repulsive
motto—'JVo union with Slaveholders;' while the
Republicans confidentially salute it with a broth-
erly recognition, boast that they want no flag of
their own, and then proclaim undying love for the
South, and unalterable attachment to the Union.
The Abolition party generates and carries its own
thunder, while the Republicans draw upon it as
they think they have occasion, and not unfre-
quently borrow more than they want, or more
than they can manage, and covertly hasten to
suppress or return it. The terrific bolt at Har-
per's Ferry was of their own manufacture. Gar-
( lison is a non-resistant, and does not deal in pikes
< and powder. At Rochester, Seward relied on
| borrowed capital ;but since his return from Europe,
! he demands unlimited credit, with all his old debts
, upon him, and without an indorser. The Aboli-
: tion party always leads with a startling boldness,
i and the Republicans timidly follow, only that
| <hey may gain the lead and save the game. Garri-
son is the unsleeping book-keeper of both parties,
j and if any desire to know his method of keeping
I accounts they have only to read his speech, de-
i hvered before the Massachusetts legislative com-
■ mittee on Federal relations, February 24, 1659.
He admits a credit, only that he may make an
additional charge. His content is only in a new
demand.
" On the common ground of unconditional equal-
ity, both Abolitionists and Republicans agree, ami
, their shouts for freedom are thought to be in glorious
harmony. They claim a leveler's equality; where
