2670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Arkansas have gone, and the people of Florida
have gone, and the holders of imperfect titles in
Louisiana have gone, and establish your right be-
fore the tribunals of your country." This is the
remedy now rejected by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, when other good citizens 111 his own State had
this very thing to do. The Senator cues out against
tl^c flagitiousness of the proceeding on the part of
the committee. But I believe we are in part ex-
cused on the ground that we did not understand
much about the matter, and especially about the
civil law!
The honorable Senator says that these constit-
uents of his, whose rights are subverted by the
act of 1858, are squatters. Perhaps so; but I
neither know nor care anything about that fact.
They represent—the Senator's constituents—that
there are five hundred families of them; that one
hundred of these families live upon Spanish grants;
and that the act of 1858 makes the lioumas claim-
ants lords paramount of tins vast tract of country,
and gives them the homes of these people. As
for Mi. Wilson's statement, that they are all con-
firmed, 1 pay but little regard to it. Nobody has
boon confirmed that did not ask it. Thousands
of claimants never came here for confirmation.
The Senator himself said nineteen out of twenty
of the perfect titles had been bought up for con-
firmation. Where is the twentieth man ? His title
is as good as the rest. 1 cannot find moie than
twelve hundred claims presented to farms in that
distnctin Louisiana, which was very thickly set-
tled.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There are sixteen hundred
in that report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think about twelve hundred.
Mr. UENJAM IN. Sixteen hundred I counted
in one report. There have been tlnee or four
reports.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is very certain that the act
of Congress did not compel any man with a per-
fect title to come before the board m any shape
or form; and therefore many of these people may
not have come. One hundred of these paiues
say they claim under Spanish grants; and yet
their title is m danger by the act fur the Iloumas
grant. Now, let us look at the title.
The Senator says, that ever since 1777 the Hou-
mas claimants have claimed the whole extent of
this grant as it is now claimed. I say that fiom no
paper which 1 have seen produced, or which the
Senator has produced, does it appear that any
such claim was made until the Lafon survey.
He has shown some mesne conveyances, by which
it was said one leg of the gran.' Mood on lake Mau-
lepas. A few miles below this spot, Juke Mau-
repas approached very near to the Mississippi
river, and grants were made fiom the nwr to the
lake; and at some places such n giant might not
have covered five hundred acies of land if the
front was narrow. At this point, however, lake
Maurepas is twenty-seven miles from the Missis-
sippi river. One of the mesne conveyances al-
luded to Lake Maurepas; but what became of the
other leg r it took them both to finish the survey.
What became of the other leg upon Manchac, at
least fifty miles from the furthest point on Mau-
repas. It the concession was bounded by Maui e-
paw, it would not hold one fourth of the tract now
claimed. There are one hundred and twenty de-
grees between the two lines. One of them runs
down to Manchac, and the other goes further and
further from Manchac every inch it travels, until
it gets half around the world, and then it starts
back, and the nearest point it is to it is when it
gets back to the place from whercT itstarted. The
neatest point to Maurepas is where it leaves the
river; and eveiy mile yousoon it, you get further
from it until you get half round the globe; and
then in coming back the nearest point to Maure-
pas would be the starungpoint; and that is bound-
ing it by Maurepas !
The Senator tells us here that people claimed
back to Lake Maurepas. Claimed what? Claimed
both lines,or claimed one line? Can one line in-
clude the land ? if both lines went back, as that
was the rear of the tract, he has got forty miles
from it; and he can never get to it by running in
perpetuity. 1 say, then, this large claim fiist
started with the Lafon survey. The Governor of
Louisiana, after we acquired it, was expressly for-
bidden to ha\e anything to do with land; and that
Lafon survey was of no more use than if Maurice
Conway made it himself, it was illegal, unau-
thorized, because Governor Claiborne had no
authority to have that survey made.
The Senator says no one ever heard of any dis-
pute of the title till 1829. No dispute! It is re-
peated in our report, on undeniable authority, that
the town of Galveston, lying within the Lafon
survey, was settled in 1770, by the King of Spain
himself; and still it is pretended that these claim-
ants have been uninterrupted by anv contesting
title ! We have shown that a hundred grants have
been made within it: and yet the Senator compla-
cently dismisses these tei img facts. I find from
the settlement of Galveston, all the way up the
Mississippi river, Spanish grant upon Spanish
grant, as thick as they can lie. There never was
a pietense that this claim went back to Manchac,
that L can sec m the papers, not even in a mesne
conveyance, (winch would be of no authority
whatever,) until this Lafon survey was got up,
after the country was annexed to the United
States.
That, I say,appears from the papers. I know
there was one mexi^o conveyance that claimed to
Maurepas, and I know some of them claimed to
the depth that can be found, and I know that some
claimed all the back land. I know that, m vari-
ous conveyances, these different words were used;
but to describe the extent and bounds of this land,
as claimed by the Lafon survey, I deny that the
Senator has produced a particle of evidence; and
there is none on the face of the earth, so laras has
come to the knowledge of the committee.
We have shown you, then, that undei the pre-
tense, as we have stated m our lepoi t, of netting tim-
ber for about three thousand eight hundred acres,
one hundred and eighty thousand are claimed.
The original grantee saiu he did not have cypress
enough for his plantation; he had not timber for
fences, and he asked for more land for that pur-
pose. if a grant is doubtful, 1 think its interpret-
ation may he aided by ascertaining what you
wanted with the tiling; what it was intended foi;
what use )on wanted to put it to. That rmght
restrict general words. What the grantee did
want was timber; and yet here aie nearly three
hundred square miles of land, interspersed by lakes
and rivers, some of them navigable, claimed as a
Umber puvilege to three thousand eight hundred
acies. I said that it did not look reasonable on
the face of it to me. i t struck mo as one of those
cases that nothing but a clour certainty ought to
imluee anv man to vote for. Therefore 1 said,
" Go to the com fs; if you are entitled to your one
hundred and eight) thousand aeres of land, 1 will
give you every acre of it." i have no id< a that
they meant chat. i do not believe that the claim-
ants under tins giant intended to do it. Why ?
The Senator asked the other day what is the
use of sueing these squatters? Well, sir, a great
many of these people are not squatters atalLand
nobody knows that better than the Senator. New
uver, i am told, is settled by men having substan-
tial estates—not rich men, but people who are
raising their cotton and luwe their gin-houses, and
some of them own their servants. They are set-
tlcis on this land. The gentleman says they aie
tort-feasors. Very well; nil settlers on the public
domain, as I remarked the other day, were tort-
fi.'sors until a very recent period; they weie all
trespasses; but they went with a distinct under-
standing-, from the practice of the Government for
fifty years, that even upon contested claims, jf in
the contest the Government got the land, it would
give them a light to preempt it. Thot lias been
considered just and «. quitable. The man who goes
on one of these swamps and clears it. must put fifty
dollars' woith of human labor on it to get it into a
fair state of cultivation. Then the Government
have looked at his equities; and hence, when
the Government succeed against these claimants;
when they have contested the claim successfully,
they have uniformly allowed the settlers a preemp-
tion to one hundred and sixty acresat least; and 1
think, in the Baron De Bastrop claim, in Louisiana,
and in Aikansas, within the last four years, they
extended the preemption to three hundred and
twen tv acres—quite a stretch—to this very class of
trespassers. Then they had an equity; an equity-
growing out of the uniform custom of the Gov-
ernment. Talk of their settlement being illegal!
The act of 3811 made it no more illegal to go on
this land than on any other land. The Govern-
ment simply said, by^that act, " we will not grant
a title until Congtess acts on the private land
claims." These people committed no moie ille-
gality than the Senator's constituent have been
in the habit of doing; they committed no moie
crime than the constituents ot my fnend from
Minnesota, or the people in other western States
commit m going upon the public domain antici-
pating fiom the liberal policy of the Government
that they will afterwards get preemptions. This
is the offense of the constituents of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana; it uhath this extent; no
more."
This Lafon survey, I stated, was without any
authority; but they stood on that; but when they
came here, m 181^, Congress would not confirm
it. Veiy well; was that a hardship? Why?
They did not need it. ltwould have been a very
sufficient answer,under the treaty, to say, we aie
bound to piotect your piopei ty, and if you have a
deed, very well. Wade Hampton came here with
his memorial m 1835. He had powerful friends. I
see,among' the papery, iettcis fiom Mr. MeDuffie
and Mr. Huger, of South Carolina, telling Gov-
ernor Bibb that they thought it was a good title.
It is very wi 11 known that a huge portion of this
grant is held by a vet y worthy family m South
Caiohna. Governor Bibb acted under that ad-
vice, and said it was included m the act of 1614.
The Senate at once, on the suggestion of Air.
Johnson, then a Senator fiom Louisiana, called on
the then Attorney Geneial, nowone of the justices
of the Supreme Court, to inquire into this title, and
give his opimon to the President. He did so; and
gave his opinion that if was a bad title m itself,
except to the extent of forty-two arpents rear;
and gav e the whole history of it; and then he said
th'Tc was no authority under the act of 3^34 to
issue a patent. Suit was commenced, and Judge
Campbell declared that there was no authority
under the act of 1814 to issue the patent; and he
ordered it to be delivered up to be caueelcd.
Thus stood the case when this legislation com-
menced .
Mr. WIGFALL. Did I understand the Sen-
ator to say that Judge Campbell decided that the
title was bad ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
Mr. WiGFALL. 1 supposed not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated, as explicitly as I
could, that he decided that there was no umhouty
under the act of 1BJ4 to issue the patent. That is
all he decidcd. He expressly disclaimed deciding
on the title; but he ordeied and decieed that the
patent issued by Judge Bibb in 1844, having been
issued without authority of law, should be deliv-
ered up to be canceled.
Now wo come to the act of 1858. The honor-
able Senator from Louisiana wants to know the
injury you are doing these people by it. It U a
very plain one, or you would not have had this
contest; they understand it perfectly. When that
bill was originally introduced, as was mentioned
by the Senator from Maine, you might have read
the bill, you might haveiead the amendment, and
you might have read the report, and no human
being could tell then what it was doing. This
may result from the nature of the subject. Then
you might have gone to Duff Green's edition of
the State Papers, and read these one hundred and
forty-four pages, i have tracked it out as it be-
came necessary for me to do. I looked at those
pages, and 1 could not find what was meant. 1 saw
some ten or twelve hundred cases; hut I did not
know which of them this act referred to. 1 knew
a good many of them had been confirmed. The
law said that all claims less than a 1< ague r.quare
should be confirmed; and so you had to look
down the list and find one that exceeded a league
before you could find out which one it was. That
was a labor without any light, unless you went
to the Land Office and gut all the documents. The
report stated that there had been possession for
fifty rears, if so, on that possession it would
have been a plain case; and 1 -just desire the ear
of Senators for a moment. Hie whole question
is here: if the title is good, they have been m pos-
session since 1777; if it is nut good, there never
has been any possession to any of the land but
the tract on the river covering the sugar planta-
tion; so that the whole question of possession is
a question of title. The actual pospesbio pedis is of
the front upon the river. All this statement about
possession is a mere statement, an unsound legal
conclusion. The possession depends entirely on
the title. There not being a posstssio pedis except of
