284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Political Crisis—The Danger and, the, Remedy—Mr. English.
Ho. of Reps.
differences arc not counted, at least, not till after
the election. They claim a civil position for the
negro, because they feel sure that they can control
his vote. They arc shocked at any avowal of so-
cial distinction between the two races. They are
ready to hail him as a fellow-soldier, and to place
him upon the voting list in advance of honest and
industrious white men of foreign birth.
<s On this common ground the two parties act
with unrestrained impulse and freedom, ignoring
the light of knowledge and experience, demand-
ing, perhaps, what all would rejoice to see, but
none are able to accomplish; asking what cannot
be granted professing what cannot be practiced,
and promising what cannot be fulfilled. It is al-
most a self-evident proposition that equality is a
condition of power self-sufficient and self-protect-
ive, wanting nothing, needing nothing, and hav-
ing nothing to spare. It is an absurdity, an obvi-
ous blunder, to assert that two dissimilar races, of
different origin, of unequal parts and varying ca-
pacity, cansucceed m the same societywhenplacedin
competition. JVo such example of success can be found
on the page of history; no such disjointed analysis of
cause and effect can be found upon the records of phi-
losophy. For more than two hundred ytars we
have had the Indian and the negro in contact with
the removing privileges and elevating influences
<?f civilization upon the American continent, and
under that variety of circumstances, sufficient to
show the means of success and causes of failure,
in attempts to elevate and advance them in the
scale of moral and intellectual growth, they have
been tested every way, but they have been im-
proved only in one. The fate of the Indian is no
longer a subject of doubt; his aboriginal qualities
fitted him only as a child of the forest, and his race
is marked for death. The negro has been owned
and freed underevery variety of condition and cir-
cumstance, of labor and of climate, either to mark
oui ins own work for himself and enjoy its wages,
or to follow the directions of men superior in skill
anil judgment, and to participate in their enjoy-
ments and privileges, in the northern States he
was told to bo free, because he was no profit to his
owner. His freedom was nominal; his wretched-
ness leal. (See Historical Sketch of Slarcrv, by
Th. 11. Jt. Cobb, p. 201, ch. 15, Effects of Abolition
in U. S.) In 1703, Puritan Massachusetts for-
bade their freedom by law, cxcept on ^condition
of security to the town where they belonged. A
similar law was passed in Connecticut. I know
of no record that this law has been repealed. In-
deed , there is no record that slavery has been abol-
ished by statute either in New Hampshire or Mas-
sachusetts. At different periods, with doubts and
difficulty, prospective laws of emancipation were
passed l>y Rhode Island, Connecticut, Pennsylva-
nia, New York, and New Jersey. Vermont ex-
cluded .slavery, by her bill of rights, at an early
period. Astiie labor of the negro in the northern
States proved to be a tax upon his owner, he was
siurendeied to himself, from time to time, not to
freedom; and the race has been gradually dying the
death of imbecility, wretchedness, and degrada-
tion. (See De Bow^s Compendium of Statistics of (J.
8. Census, ch. 49 from page In the mean
time, the southern States have been pursuing a
similar course, where the negro 1ms been tested
os a laborer under conditions of servitude, and
where the climate, soil, nnd products, are suited
to iiis constitution. Directed end held by the ne-
cessary conditions of his bonds, as a minor under
the laws, he has aided to enrich the country by
his industry, and to improve his race to a degree
before unknown. His exemption from the pres-
sure of physical wants has multiplied opportuni-
ties for mental improvement, and while he is per-
mitted to range within the circle of his master's
* freedom and possessions, he shares its comforts
and becomes the subject of its refinements.
"All experiments, where the negro has been
left to himself, have resulted in his degradation
and death. On the other hand, when he has been
held as an interest, and directed by a superior
judgment and protected by considerations of hu-
manity, he has been vastly improved in his habits
and character. In a conversation with Rev. Mr.
Stewart, of Liberia, who lias recently visited the
New England States to study the condition of his
colored brethren, he assured mc that the negroes of
the Ji'oilh were much inferior to the staves of the
South, and that their most reliable men, m Liberia
had served as slaves in the southern States. They
were better informed, more industrious, and more
skillful in planningand managing business of every
kind. This he accounted for by their more ex-
tensive and responsible experience as connected
with the business of their masters.
" At present, negroes and mulattoesare permit-
ted to come into Massachusetts without any re-
striction, and to vote at the elections under the
laws. The recent and unavailing attempt of the
Republican party to recognize them as soldiers is
well known to the country. The number of col-
ored voters in Boston is nearly four hundred; of
Worcestcr, three hundred and sixty; of New Bed-
ford, three hundred; but of their numbers in other
places I am not advised. They almost invariably
vote the Republican ticket. There is no law pro-
hibiting their holding office, serving on juries, or
appearing as witnesses m the courts."
In these rcspects they stand upon a similar foot-
ing in Maine,New Hampshire, Connecticut, Ver-
mont, and Rhode Island. Marriages between
blacks and whites are lawful in all these States
except Maine and Rhode Island; and negroes do
occasionally intermarry with white persons. Ne-
groes are allowed to practice law. A gentleman
writing me says: "I know of one negro lawyer
in Boston." Negro children arc allowed to attend
the free schools in common with the white children.
Garrison boasts that" in Boston,to-day,theblackest
child sits quietly and honorably by the side of the
%o!iite$t." Colored men may, and I presume do,
serve oil juries. " When the jury list was revised
the prcscn t year,'' says the Worcester (Massachu-
setts) Transcript of the 23d of last month, "it was
intrusted to three aldermen, who reported, among
other names, those of William H. Jenkins and
Francis A. Clough. Both are colored barbers."
The tendency of the Republican party in New
York to negro equality is well known. Not satis-
fied with the large negro vote polled now at every
election for that party, under the property-quali-
fication system, the late Republican Legislature
of that State took the initiatory steps to make
negro suffrage universal. All who voted for the
law are Republicans. The vote stood thus in the
House: for the law, 70; against it, 3?—only five
Republicans voting m the negative. The Demo-
crats, tlnrty-two in number, all voted -m the neg-
ative.
It will thus bo seen that negro equality prevails
to a greater or less extent in ail New England; and
the same tendency will be found to exist in all the
Republican States of the West, Into the State
of Ohio negroes andmulattoes are allowed to im-
migrate without limit or restriction.
"J. They may vote at elections, if the white blood
preponderate#. The Democratic party passed an
act excluding from suffrage any person having a
visible admixture of African blood. This is yet
upon the statute-book; but in Anderson vs. Jlilli-
Icin, the supreme court of Ohio, all Republicans,
at the last term, decided it to be unconstitutional,
notwithstanding tlic words "citizen of the United
States" occur m the constitution of Ohio, which
limits the right to white citizens of the United
States. There are quite a number of colored per-
sons who vote; and I am informed they have gen-
erally been allowed to vote on the Western Re-
serve, where Black Republicanism has attained its
full growth, without icgard to the state of legisla-
tion at all, or of judicial construction of it, and
without any reference to the color, or the prepon-
derance of blood. They are, of eouise, and always,
against the Democrats; and although their num-
ber never was precisely ascertained, I am told it
was the general impression tHat,m 1857, they were
strong enough to turn the election m favor of Gov-
ernor Chase.
3. Under the Republican decision, referred to,
mulattoes of more than half white blood have all
the rights incident to citizenship, and are eligible
to office.
4. Prior to 1848, a black or mulatto was excluded
as a witness in any cause to which a white pei-
son was a paity, by statutory inhibition; but
during the time this statute was in force, the su-
preme e«>urt decided, if the white blood predom-
inated, the witness was competent. The act was
repealed in and ever since negroes are al-
lowed to testify the same as white persons.
5. Persons having the qualifications of electors
are competent as jurors, and the bar is open to
citizens. So, under the Republican decision, be-
fore referred to, if the white blood predominates,
a mulatto is competent as a juror, and may be
admitted to the bar. The Logan (Ohio) Gazette
says that, under the late visible-admixture decis-
ion, a mulatto-man has been elected supervisor of a
road district adjoining Beliefontaine, and will ac-
cordingly lord it for his term of office over the while
men of the district.
6. There is no law forbidding the intermarriage
of a negro with a white person, and I have under-
stood that there have been instances of such inter-
marriages in that State. (See appendix B.)
So much for Republicanism and negro equality
in the State of Ohio. •
Negroes are not restricted from cominsjjfrnto the
State of Wisconsin to live, and in that State they
may intermarry with the whites, and testify in the
courts m cases where white peisons are parties.
The same, I believe, is also true as to Michigan
and Iowa, except that the proximity of Detroit
to Canada makes laws allowing the marriage of
blacks and whites in Michigan unnecessary, as a
fewminutes'run brings the parties where they can
revel in social, legal, and political equality to their
hearts' content. Iowa, t am told, allows negro
children to attend the free schools on terms of
equality with white children. That these States
are not entirely Africanized is probably owing to
the fact that Republicanism has not yet obtained
undisputed foothold there. That obtained, and
the rest would no doubt speedily follow.
Now, I believe, I have gone over every one of
the States that voted for Fremont. Here is the list:
Massachusetts, Vermont, Maine, New Hamp-
shire, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York,
Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Iowa. And now
let us see how they stand upon this question of
negro equality. We find,
1. That into all these Slates negroes and mu-
lattoes, without limit, may cmigiatc and become
permanent residents, competing with the white
man in his labor, and enjoying, to a greater or
less extent, political equality with him.
2. In every one of these States negroes and
mulattoes may he witnesses in suits where white
persons are parties, or where a negro is one party
and a white person the other.
3. In all these States but three, negroes and
mulattoes may sit on juries, or be lawyers, the
same as white persons.
4. In nearly all these States negroes andmulat-
toes may vote at elections, the same as the white
man.
5. In nearly all these States negroes (fr mulat-
toes may hold offices the same as the white man.
6. Jn more than half these States negroes or
mulattoes may intermarry with white persons.
7. And send their negro or mulatto children to
the public schools, in common with the white
children.
It will thus be seen that negro equality prevails
to a greater or less extent, in all the States that
voted for Fremont. In Massachusetts, which is
a type of them all, and may jpstly be considered
the model Republican State of the Union, negroes
are received with a cordial welcome, and clothed
with the privileges and immunities of the white
man. They vote at elections, the same as the
white man; they may hold office; practice law; sit
on juries in the trial of white persons; be witnesses
against white persons; send their children to the
free schools in common with white children; and,
what is worse, intermarry with white persons,
thus legalizing a disgusting, revolting, and ruinous
system of practical amalgamation.
The pernicious character of this system is ex-
emplified in several occurrences of recent date.
The fust is described, as follows:
"A Remarkable Amalgamation- Case—A
Connecticut Widow Wedded to a Negro Bar-
ber.—The following story, which seems almost
too incrcdiblc for belief, is told by the Hartford
Times. The case lias created great excitement in
that city:
" ' Mrs. C. B., of Bridgeport, a widow lady, the
mother of four children, two of whom are mar-
ried, became enamored a few months since of a
colored barber, living m this city, by the name of
Francis. The husband of Mrs. B. left her, at his
