I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 mf
the sugar plantation in front on the river, none of
those three hundred miles except the river front
being actually held by these parties, but ail the
territory being held under other Spanish grants,
or being in the possession of squatters, or being
waste and unoccupied, I say, on principles of law,
the possession of these portions depends wholly
upon title. If the Senator means that, he says
truly, and you must show me your abuttals before
you show your possession. The abuttals of this
grant are the very things we are after. If the
paities have not got a deed, tliey have not been
in possession of an acre but the sugar plantation.
If they have a deed, and it is good, they have been
in good possession of the whole. The title draws
after it the possession. When you prove title,
you are presumed to be in possession. That is
the whole case. This idea of possession, I say,
then, is brought in to throw dust in the eyes of
unprofessional men. The possession of the sugar
estate, as far as I have been able to see from any of
the papers, is all the possession these people seem
to have had; and m all our investigation we can-
not find anything else in reference to it. As to
the saw-mill, of which we have been told, I am
informed that there is 110 evidence of it but the
statement 011 the other side; but, if the allegation
which is made in the paper before the Senate from
the other parties be true, they went up there to
Manchac, and bought a tract of land, and put a
saw-mill on it. If that be the truth of the case,
instead of being an evidence of title, it is an evi-
dence that they did not have title.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will read
the decision of the supreme court of Louisiana,
which I suppose is better than this man's pamph-
let, which he put upon our tables, and which I
did not know that anybody read, the supreme
court of Louisiana recites the titles.
Mr. TOOMBS. There was a good deal of ob-
scurity about it, in nty mind, and therefore I
wanted to look into it. It is something like Louis-
iana law: one would have to live there before he
could find out what it was. You must often know
the facts in order to understand the decision. This
Houmas grant was not m controversy in that
Louisiana case atall. Both those parties, if claim-
ing at all, were claiming under it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes; but the point the Sen-
ator was at is, that some man, whoever he is, now
says the saw-mill was built upon a tract bought
by another person. The supreme court of Lou-
isiana says the saw-mill was put upon the Hou-
mas tract.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; it is in the Hou-
mas tract, as now claimed; but is said to have
been fixed there by a purchase of some panics
from another Spanish grant. I see nothing of
that in the decision cither way.
Mr. WIGFALL. With the permission of the
Senator from Georgia, I will merely correct him
in a reference. My understanding of that case—
I suppose that the case of IVloore vs. Hampton,
in 3d Louisiana Annual Reports is alluded to 
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WIGFALL. The facts as detailed in that
case are few and simple, and easily arrived at.
Thcyare as follows; Donaldson died, having pre-
viously made a mortgage—-—
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, I know all that.
Mr. WIGPALL. I am coming to the point.
Mr. TOOMBS. Excuse me.
Mr. WIGFALL. I should have got through
bythis time if I had not been interrupted. Don-
aldson died, having previously made a mortgage
to the succession of Clark; Donaldson's widow
married Moore; the succession of Clark foreclosed
and sold this tract of land on which the mill was.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true.
Mr. WIGFALL. De Armas bought it.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true.
Mr. WIGFALL. Dc Armas sold to Hampton.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true.
_ Mr. WIGFALL. The whole of this made the
title under which Donaldson held—the Donaldson
and Scott survey.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. WIGFALL. Now, Hampton bought, and
Mrs. Moore, the widow of Donaldson, brings suit
against Hampton for that tract, and the supreme
court of Louisiana decides it. That, however, is
not the point.
Mr. TOOJJBS. I hope the Senator will ex-
cuse me.
Mr. WIGFALL. Now, what I want to come
to is this: it shows conclusively that the Houmas
claimants did have the actual possessio pedis, not
on the bank of the Mississippi alone, but twelve
or fifteen miles from it on the Amite; and on the
Amite they built a saw-mill; and that conclusion
no man can fail to come to who will read that
case.
Mr. TOOMBS. That fact is not at all in point.
It is taking up five or ten minutes with an inter-
ruption of my argument on a fact that I alluded
to merely incidentally. When the gentleman
wanted to put me right in reference to the saw-
mill, I was going 011 to say that not in Hamp-
ton's memorial, nor in the memorial of their coun-
sel from 1836 to this time has that ever been urged;
and it does not seem to have been known to their
eminent couns# from Louisiana. It was some-
thing like a confirmation produced yesterday,
other than this one m the second section of the
act of 1858. I do not know where the Senator
from Louisiana got that; because I have never
seen it anywhere in the papers. Where have
you confiimed thisclaiin by otherconimissioneis,
besides those mentioned in the second section of
the act of 1858?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In 1833.
Mr. TOOMBS. Was it carried before com-
missioners in 1833?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Because Congress had
started a fresh board of commissioners, with a
view to have it ogam brought before Congress for
confirmation.
Mr. TOOMBS. This claim—the Houmas
claim ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then, in 1833, they got an-
other recommendation for lis confirmation?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. But Congress did not confirm
it then }
Mr. BENJAMIN. No. -
Mr. TOOMBS. In 1835 Hampton came here
with a petition, and you would nut confirm. In
1836 you would not do it. In 1844 a patent was
issued, and you directed proceedings to be taken
to set it aside. 1 say, whenever Congress has
acted at all, and whenever the Government has
acted through its superior officers, except in the
case of Judge Bibb, they have steadily acted
against this claim, and nobody more strenuously
than a portion of the representatives of Louisi-
ana, including Senator Johnson, from that State,
who was the author of the proceedings to set
aside the patent of 1844, as I find by looking to
the record. Every time it was presented to Con-
gress it was opposed; and this, forsooth, is con-
sidered as a long acquiescence; and the legislation
which we now propose is said to be a disturbing
of a peaceful possession!
Now, sir, a word as to the injury that this act
does. From the best information 1 can get—I do
not know that I am accurate, but if 1 miss by one
fourth I hope gentlemen will let it pass, the fact
being brought in merely for illustration—from the
best infoimation I can get, there are possibly sixty
thousand or eighty thousand acres of tins land
covered by other Spanish grunts; then there is a
large quantity in the possession of settlers, re-
garding it as public land. The committee have
the most unquestionable evidence that these set-
tlers are en tilled to an equity, according to tile
practice of the Government. These parties com-
ing here not only attempted to get a confirmation
of their own claim, which they did not need if
they had a good title, but they get a Government
title; and therefore, nt one fell swoop, they turn
out,houseless and homeless, five hundred of these
people, who are squatters. I want the principles
of justice recognized and sustained in our legis-
lation. Are these three or four men better than the
five hundred > Have they higher rights ? Have
they conquered a wilderness ?
Mr. WIGFALL They have better rights.
Mr. TOOMBS. Their right is the very thing
that they do not want to stand upon. They would
not give a copper for their own title, but they
want the Government's. They knew that if you
armed them with a grant from the United States
they could turn all others out. If it was good,
they had a right to turn these men out and get
dajnages. That would have vindicated their title.
The Senator from Louisiana made a statement:
which I am sure he did not see the force of. Any
suit that he would have brought would have main-
tained his title, if he had recovered it. The court
would have to decide it 011 the validity of the title,
if he sued the poorest squatter on the domain.
Mr. WIGFALL. I will state to the Senator,
with his permission, that the Supreme Court and
himself differ on that subject. ' :
Mr. TOOMBS. No, we do not. '
Mr. ^WIGFALL. There han pens to be a case
from Texas that I know something of, though I ■
did not argue it here, in which the Supreme Court
state distinctly that one who sets forth but a squat-
ter title could not call upon the plaintiff to show
title. That was an elaborately-considered ques- .
tion, and was decided here not more than three or
four years ago.
Mr. TOOMBS. I reckon no human being ever
made such a decision as that. I have been a com-
mon law lawyer for thirty years, and I tfever
knew a defendant called on to show a better title
than that of squatter possession, until the plain- .
tiff showed a superior title to his.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will tell the Senator of-
another decision; and 1 am sure there are plenty
of lawyers around me hero 111 whose State the
law is that you are not obliged to show a perfect
title against a naked trespass. A mere color of
title will suffice against a naked trespass.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 know that; but this is simply
attempting to distort an acknowledged principle.
1 stated the principle correctly. What the Sen-
ator has just stated is law, too. They seem to be
alike, but they are different tilings. I laid down
the principle that nobody could turn another out
without showing title; but 1 say that when you
show a grant, and it is examined by the court,
and yrm recover on it, though of course nobody
but parties and privies would be technically bound
by the decision, you would have your title sus-
tained.
Mr'. WIGFALL. With the Senator's per-
mission, I will say that the Supreme Court has
decided precisely the reverse; that without some
title, at least, a defendant cannot call upon a plain-
tiff to show any title.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let me ask the honorable
Senator from Texas to make hiy argument in re-
ply to me when he pleases, and let me go on now.
1 laid down the law as it stands, and my opinions
will not be changed by a simple assertion, withou;
authority, to the contrary, because 1 have the
vanity to believe that 1 know something about it
myself. Atall events, I want pretty good evi-
dence that some other has superior knowledge of
it. 1 never knew any man turned out of posses-
sion, whether lie was a squatter or not, unless a
better title was shown.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Suppose Hampton had
gone into court against these squatters, and had
shown this sale, under a fieri facias in Louisiana
in 1815: would not that have been enough to turn
out a squatter?
Mr. TOOMBS. It would.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That would not have
helped their original title; that would not have
settled their title.
Mr.TOOMBS. No, sir; and I did not say that.
The Senator is too good a lawyer to mistake me.
I stated that if you had gone and £ued a squatter,
you could have the title passed upon, whether it
wasgood or bad. It was competent to it; and thus
you could have had a judicial judgment whether
the Houmas grant was a genuine and good grant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Against whom?
Mr. TOOMBS. Against that squatter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Of what use would that
have been ?
Mr. TOOMBS. You could then have come to
the Senate of the United States, and when you
had turned these men out, by showing that this
title was good in the courts, you would have pre-
sented a much stronger claim to me; and 1 would
have confirmed it if you had shown that it was
a good title, and was held good 011 a fair trial;
and 1 presume the Senate would unanimously. I
do not say you could have recovered under your
title; but I say that was enough, if it was good;
and if you sued in the courts of Louisiana, or in
the Federal courts, and had it adjudged to be a
good grant to turn out squatters, it would be suffi-
cient to turn out the United States. I know it
would not bind the United States technically; but
