I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285'
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Political Crisis—The Danger and the Remedy—Mr. English. Ho. of Reps.
death, which took place about throe years ago,
between night and ten thousand dollars. With
a portion of this money she set the negro up in
business in Bridgeport, but he some time ago re-
moved to New York. The intimacy between
them led to some scandal, when she confessed a
few days ago that they were secretly married in
New York In October last.' "
The next occurrence very naturally follows the
first. Here it is, from a late Boston paper:
" Superior Criminal Court,
" Wednesday, March 14.
William H. Thompson, colored, who plead
guilty to an indictment for assaulting his wife Cor-
delia Thompson, and destroying one of her eyes,
was sentenced to the House of Correction one
year.'5
A friend m Boston, who inclosed me these items,
says that " the negro, Thompson, referred to in
tin: last, married a white idowwui,and smashed her
head with a chair." These are but samples of
the pernicious fruits of practical negro equality.
(For an account of other occurrences of like char-
acter, see appendix B.)
Republicanism, then, in Massachusetts, would
allow a white man to be accused of crime by a
negro; to be arrested on the affidavit of a negro,
by a negro officer; to be prosecuted by a negro
lawyer; testified against by a negro witness; tried
before a negro judge; convicted before a negro
jury; and executed by a negro executioner; and
eitherone of these negroes might become the hus-
band of his widow or his daughter!
Negroes are not only considered the equal of
the white man, but in some instances his supe-
rior; for a negro coming into Massachusetts from
another State, even though a fugitive slave, may
vote in one year; but a white man coming there
from Germany, or any other foreign country,
would have to wait seven years before he could
vote; thus placing the negro six years ahead of the
white man who may happen to hunt been born on for-
eign soil!
Such are the practical and legitimate results of
Republican theories, and I hold them up to the
indignant gaze of my fellow-countrymen.
From what I have shown it is fair to presume
that such results are not repugnant to Republican
views, and especially the views of that large num-
ber of Republican-Representatives, estimated at
from fifty to seventy-five, who were sent to oc-
cupy, and do occupy, seats in this Hall by the
aid of negro votes; but they arc exceedingly ob-
noxious to my constituents, and, I believe,to the
great mass of the American people. I thank God I
that my constituents are white freemen; and I
glory in the belief that, they will never consent to
be placed on an equality with the negro. We
want nothing to do with them, slave or free, and
have wisely excluded them from coming into the
State by constitutional provisions. We think
there is much truth in the remark of the London
Times, " that if one thing mote than another has
tended to give the Anglo-Saxon race in the New
World the victory over the Spanish, it is that it
has kept itself apart from the red and negro races,
and lodged power constantly in the hands of men
of European origin. It has been fully proved,
not only on the American continent, but in our
own colomes, that the enforced equality of the
European and African tends, not to the elevation
of the black, but to the degradation of the white
man." {Vehold our Government to he aickiteman's
Government, and discountenance everything tend-
ing to a mixture, or equality of the races. If you
ask me why this is so, I answer: because Indiana
is a Democratic State. We have not to thank
the Republican party that our State is not now
overrun by negroes and mulattoes. The leaders
of that party opposed their exclusion. Nearly
all, if not all, the Republicans of this Congress
from that State opposed it; and some of them
made able but rather significant speeches in the
constitutional convention. The curious are re-
ferred to the debates of that distinguished body,
particularly pages 253, 457, 615, and G28, of the
first volume.
Neither can it be forgotten that when a resolu-
tion was proposed in the Senate of Indiana, de-
claring it to be inexpedient to allow negroes or
mulattoes to attend as scholars in the common
schools in that State, or to give testimony in the
courts of justice against white persons, it was de-
feated by the united vote of the Republican sen-
ators. (The resolution, with the proceedings,
will be found in appendix C.) I consider the ex-
clusion of negroes from coming into that State,
and the absence there of everything like negro
equality, to be entirely attributable to the ascend-
ency of the Democratic party. The same is no
doubt equally true of Illinois, Oregon, California,
and other Democratic free States, in nearly all of
which similar legislation prevails.
I know that Republican leaders have spoken
sneeringly and contemptuously of the States thus
discriminating in favor of the white race. Because
such discrimination was in the constitution of
Oregon, and foreigners who had declared their in-
tention to become citizens were allowed to vote
before taking the final oath, Republicans in Con-
gress denounced that constitution as an "infa-
mous instrument," an " infamous atrocityand
seventy of them voted against her admission, not-
withstanding she was a free State. (See Con-
gressional Globe, second session Thirty-Fifth
Congress, pages 984 and 1010.)
And thus we have still another exhibition of
that "love of the negro and hatred of the white
foreigner which we have seen in the Republican
legislation of Massachusetts and Connecticut, and
in the repeated declarations of prominent Repub-
licans. In view of these indisputable facts, none
of our adopted citizens who entertain proper solf-
rospcct can for a moment think of voting the Re-
publican ticket. If they did so vote they would be
giving " aid and comfort" to their worstcncmies;
foi foreign-born citizens would probably be more
degraded and injured by carrying out the Repub-
lican policy than any other class of society.
One of the most prominent Republicans now
upon this floor, a gentleman distinguished for his
ab'lityand zeal for the Republican cause, [Mr.
Dawks,] has recently written a letter to a negro
convention upon " the disabilities imposed upon
free colored persons by the constitutions of many
of the so-ca'lcdfree States." He says, in speak-
ing of these " so-calicd free States," 44 that such
a kjtate is called a free Slate passes my comprehen-
sion. It is all a false pretense and a fraud; " and he
thinks it is high time " for those who make it the
corner-stone of their political creed that all men
arc created equal," to meet and grapple the
" monstrous heresy" of such States. (See appen-
dix D for this letter in full.)
No doubt, if the Republicans get sufficient
power, the so-called " monstrous lieresy" of dis-
crimination? in favor of white men will be
crushed out, and these States will be made "free
States," accoi&ing to the Massachusetts standard,
winch seems to be that a white man is to be con-
sidered the equal of the "nigger," provided he
behaves himself as well, and does not happen to
be of foreign birth. Sir, because the Democratic
party refuse to recognize the negro as the equal
of the white man, it is no evidence of the hostility
of that party to him. 1 believe the Democratic
party to bo his real friend, and the Republican
party his worst enemy. It is true, a portion of
that party would entice the negro slave to ruu
away to Canada, or some State in the Union where
he would be converted into a Republican voter;
butitwoull be freedom in name, and not in sub-
stance, and would bring no real happiness with
it. If negro slaves are kept closer, and ruled with
u harsher rein now than formerly, it is because
their masters arc driven to it by the conduct of
the Republican party; and it iy for thn same rea-
son that southern States are adopting laws to drive
out all free negroes from their borders.
Thetruth is, the free negro, as a general thing,
is unfit to govern himself; and, under the most
favorable circumstances, in free States, it is said
he has but three rounds m the ladder of his am-
bition—to be a boss barber, have a banjo, and a
white wife. The inferior being we find him, the
Almighty, for some wise purpose—" He doeth
all things well"—seems to have designed him. A
negro He made him, and it is not in the power of
ail the \bolitionists*and Republicans on earth to
make him anything else.
Upon the subject of his inferiority, and utter
inability to compete with the white race, or gov-
ern himself, I have m my possession an important
letter, of recent date, written by a gentleman who
has possessed better opportunities for forming a
correct judgment than, perhaps, any man in the
United States. Originally an intense believer in
all the negro equality doctrines of the most ultra
Abolitionists, he was selected, because of that
belief, and his peculiar fitness, as a professor in an
institution intended, as far as possible, to develop
African talent.^After a patient and persevering
eflort of many y5$ars5 duration, he was forced to
give up his long-cherished idea that the negro was,
or could be made, the equal of the white man; and
now he comes forward, like an honest man, and
acknowledges his error in the frank and manly
letter I have before me. He says:
" I appreciate the compliment you pay me, in
soliciting my opinion upon a question that I be-
lieve involves infinite consequences, not only to
this Republic, but to humanity itself. It appeals
with great force to the best energies of the patriot
and philanthropist; and I exceedingly regret that
I have neither language nor ability to do justice
to the convictions that have been produced'by the
experience of facts that bear directly upon this mo-
mentous subject. 1 am free to state that my con-
vi< tions of the character of the African race, de-
rived from my long experience as teacher, and my
very intimate acquaintance with the colored peo-
ple during that time, which, toa great degree, was
unavoidable, were forced upon me against long-
cherished and favorite theories, and very strong
prejudices. After making due allowance for the
artificial and cruel degradation that the free colored
person is subjected to among tKe whites, as society
i9 now constituted, with all its prejudices against
color, I have come to the unequivocal conclusion
that the African is a distinct species of the human
face; differing radically, and as definitely, to the
caicful observer, in mental construction and ■intel-
lectual bias, us in physical conformation and exter-
nal appearance. That he cannot, with equal advant-
ages, compete successfully with the white 7nan in any
of the enterprises of civilized society, (without the
tropics at least,) where intellect is a requisite qual-
ification. This is a broad assertion, I am aware,
yet I fully believe that it is capable of being sub-
stantiated by irrefragable proof; and so far as
tacts are concerned, and necessary for corrobo-
lation, they crowd upon the observation of the
most casual inquirer after truth. I do not deny
that there are exceptions, to a very considerable
extent, to this general rule. I admit that 1 have
found remarkable, intelligent, and intellectual ni-
di vidunls among the colored people; yet they have
been remarkable as colored persons, rather than
being viewed so when contrasted with distin-
guished genius of the whites. Moreover, these ex-
ceptions, as far as my observation has extended,
have invariably been confined to mulattoes, where
traits manifestly of the white race predominated."
"You inquire my views of the 'practical results
of amalgamation.' In reply to that question, I re-
mark that I possess no language to express my
abhorrence and loathing of it; nor of my convic-
tions of its baneful and pernicious effects upon
human happiness and human society. 1 esteem "
amalgamation as one of the worst consequcnces
of the existence of the African race m this coun-
try. Physically, it is a blight upon offspring.
Disease, uuusual in any other class of human
beings, is the result. The mulatto is less prolific
than either the white or black, and, after arriving
at puberty, generally becomes sickly, inclining to
consumption; and a very large portion of this
class die before reaching middle age; whereas the
African of unmixed blood is the longest-lived
being of the human family. Important and per-
nicious as thesephysical evils are,they are trifling,
compared with the misery that amalgamation
brings upon its wretched victims, in a social point
of view. The mulatto is not recognized as an
equal by white men. For this injustice, as he
esteems it, he cherishes the? most bitter and vindic-
tive malignity. His chagrin and mortified feelings
fester in his breast, till he becomes an unmitigated
hater of those who, as he is naturally impressed,
without any just cause, have slighted him. The
negro he despises, who, m turn, envies and hates
the one who puts on airs of consequence before
him, and assumes to be his superior on account
of his lighter complexion. Indued, the legitimate
arid inevitable fruits of amalgamation in this coun-
