I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*727
E1
or no value. Wc have to deal with the negro as
he is, as he has shown himself from the earliest
periods of human history, and as, from our knowl-
edge of him, he is likely to be centuries hence.
Kept in proper subjection, and guided by a su-
perior intelligence, lie may be both happy and
useful on this continent. Left to himself, and but
imperfectly restrained by the operation of law, his
presence among us may give rise to great national
calamities, and seriously interfere with our do-
mestic peace.
I do not think the agitation of the slavery ques-
tion will benefit the negro or improve his condi-
tion among us, while it undoubtedly weakens the
ties by which ourselves are bound together as a
nation, and exposes us to all the evils of a people
divided by sectional passions and prejudices. If
you, gentlemen of the Republican party, are sin-
cere in your profession of philanthropy, if you
really want to improve the condition of the negro,
and not merely to use him as a stalking horse to'
ride into power, let himalone, and cease agitating
the country with your seditious eloquence and
your arguments addressed to spinsters. The peo-
ple of the southern States will not be instructed
jy your teachings; your counsel will be spurned
with indignation, and your professions of frater-
nal feelings will be received with very little faith
in your sincerity.
As long as you make the slavery question the
battle-cry for your sectional adherents, it is im-
possible for the South to trust you or to look upon
your proceedings with indifference. Abandon it,
and the South will again unite with us upon all
questions concerning our common welfare. The
youth claims nothing but her constitutional rights.
The North is already in possession of all the real
practical advantages of position and power. The
South is willing, and must submit to an accom-
plished fact. Why should the North insist on
upsetting the constitutional theory or heaping op-
probrium upon an institution for which the South
is not responsible, and with which the North has
no right to interfere ? There is a universal law of
nature that life of any kind, whether vegetable or
animal, will go wherever there exists the condi-
tions of its existence, and the same holds of men
and races.
The negro will go on this continent, wherever
may be found the conditions of his existence,
wherever his labor is profitable, and wherever,
under the protection of his master, he is safe from
that competition with his labor, which is sure to
be his destruction and death; and he will gn no-
where else! Now, why should you insist on mak-
ing by-laws to the laws of God, useless and puerile
in themselves, and offensive to a large portion of
the people of this Union? The Kansas question
has long since been practically settled. It was
settled only by the universal law of nature just
quoted. By letting slavery alone, it will always
quietly work out its own destiny. If interfered
with by us of the North—if artificial checks or
artificial stimulants be applied—the consequences
may be disastrous to both the black and the white
races, and equally so to our laws and institutions.
The " irrepressible conflict" with which we are
threatened, is the creation of politicians for their
own ends. It does not exist m reality, and can-
not take place until the Constitution is torn into
fragments, and the bonds of our Union are de-
stroyed forever.
Slavery has existed in the United States from
the time of the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion, and we have prospered with it as a nation.
The northern States have abandoned it, because
they found it no longer profitable to them; but
they have done but little, if anything, towards ed-
ucating the negro, and liberty has not materially
improved either his condition or his morals. That
which the North has done for the negro is very
far from inviting the South to follow its example.
The South cannot afford to have so large a por-
tion of its population abandoned to idleness and
vice. It cannot, with the same facility as the
North, replace black labor with white labor; and
the cotton, rice, and sugar States cannot do so at
all What control of the negro could be substi-
tuted in these States for that of their present con-
dition? I know of none, and the Senator from
New York knows of none. He would be sadly
puzzled if the South, instead of repelling his views,
were to accede at once to them, and to ask him
to furnish the means to carry them into practice
without ruining the South and injuring, in the
same ratio, the North, and without reducing the
negro himself to a worse condition than that in
which he is now content, happy, and useful.
Yet that which the Senator from New York can-
not do himself, which his whole party is incapa-
ble of accomplishing, he is determined to force on
the South, by representing it to the whole coun-
try as an unavoidable issue, as an " irrepressible"
conflict." He asks the people to choose between
African slaves and white freemen; as if such a
question could really be put; as if such a practical
issue could ever be presented to the country. The
conflict between African slaves and white free-
men exists nowhere, and least of all in the south-
ern States.
The white freeman and the African slave will
never, never come in conflict with one another, so
long as each shall preserve his proper place, so
long as aspiring politicians and political dema-
gogues shall be prevented from conjuring up delu-
sive phantoms, with which to disturb the imagi-
nation and trouble the good sense of the people.
Slave labor and free labor, so far from being op-
posed to one another, assist each other mutually
by varying arijl multiplying production. As long
as the southern States shall employ slave labor,
they will be the best customers of the North, and
the negro, instead of conflicting or competing
with free white labor, will serve to keep up the
price of it. As long as the negro is usefully em-
ployed in the southern States, he will stay there,
and notgotothe North to compete with the wages
either of the white native freeman or of the immi-
grant from Europe. The conflict between the
African and the white man can only begin with the
emancipation of the negro, not before! There is no
disposition on the part of the South to force sla-
very upon the North, no more than there is a dis-
position on the .part of northern manufacturers to
force their fabrics on a bad market.
The South is merely contending for her consti-
tutional rights, no more; and to refuse to acknowl-
edge these is an infringement of the constitutional
compact which binds us together as a nation, for
no possible advantage to either section. The
"irrepressible conflict" is a northern abstraction,
alike opposed to the Constitution, the Union, and
the best material interests of the whole country.
It is nothing but a political formula, spreading
dread and alarm throughout the land, inviting to
sectional passions and prejudices, and inflaming
the fanaticism of men who would otherwise be
useful members of society,and in pursuiljjf some
profitable business. The " irrepressible conflict"
is a political lever in the hands of sectional poli-
ticians, not an unavoidable issue between the dif-
ferent section of the Union. As to the query of
the distinguished Senator from New York,
"whether civilization can improve, whether
Christianity can save?" I do not see what^ appli-
cation it has to the slavery question. Civiliza-
tion necessarily takes different forms, and then;
are some forms of civilization which are no im-
provement at all, either to the physical or moral
man.
Few of us would wish to revive Greek or Ro-
man civilization, though both were, in some re-
spects, superior to our own. The French are
the most eminently civilized people of Europe;
yet none of us would willingly transfer French
civilization, with all its concomitants, to our
shores. The proposition that civilization im-
proves, must therefore be taken cum gra.no salis;
and I wouldespecially except from it the civiliza-
tion which seems to be the beau ideal of the Sena-
tor from New York. As to the other proposition,
that " Christianity can save," no one can deny it.
But the Senator from New York is so renowned
an expounded of the " higher law," that a doubt
may reasonably arise whether Christianity, as he
understands it, is the same as that which our sim-
ple forefathers practiced when they framed the
Constitution of this country; and whether the
saving qualities of that species of Christianity
actually extend to the toleration of such errors as
the Senator from New York wishes to propagate
throughout the length and breadth of our land.
Sir, religion has gained nothing from being mixed
up with politics, but may lose much of its sanc-
tity in the estimation of men by being made sub-
i I servient to partisan ends. I will not follow the
|j honorable Senator from New York in to what I con-
!; ceive is a labyrinth of error and confusion, much
less will I imitate his example. The Christian re-
ligion is "one of peacc, not of strife and contention.
Itdoes not, like that of Mohammed, presentan "ir-
repressible conflict" between the faithfuj and the
infidel, to be terminated in the last instance by the
sword. Hence the great distinction between the
Christians and Turks, and hence the adaptatiotyrf
Christianity to modern civilization, and the incom-
patibility of Mohammedanism'with all, rational
progress in politics and morals.
Jesus Christ, the Divine founder of our holyre-
ligion, lived and talked surrounded by slaves,
subject to a Roman master, and yet nowhere did
He preach the doctrine of the "irrepressible con-
flict,"or stimulate the Jews to rebellion and blood-
shed. It was those who believed in the "irrepres-
sible conflict" that called for His crucifixion.
I have said that it is the duty of the North to
let slavery alone. If all parties were agreed on
emancipation, they would be at a lossfor the means
to accomplish it without ruining the prosperity
and industry of the whole country and destroy-
ing the negro. Experience, the only safe guide of
the statesman, has shown the danger with which
such a subject is surrounded and the destructive
consequences to which it may lead. In the face
of historical results, produced elsewhere, under
circumstanc.es far more favorable than those in
which our southern States are placed, and under
a Go vernment possessing far greater coercive pow-
ers than our own, we are bound, looking^to their
example, to exercise caution. The West India
experiment is not inviting us to hazard our peace,
| our security, and the great commercial and indus-
trial interests of this country, by yielding to the
demands of political fanatics, who would substi-
tute sentiment for duty, and their own views of
right and wrong for the Constitution arid laws of
the land. Government, as has often been re-
marked, is a business, not a sentiment; and he is
but a poor statesman, though he may be a suc-
cessful politician, who views it in a different light
and acts upon a different principle.
We are continually told in this body that the Re-
publicans, as a party, do not intend to attack sla-
very in the slave States, but merely mean to confine.
it to its present limits. I cannot believe such dec-
larations are founded in truth or are sincere on the
part of those who make them, and are to my mind
utterly incompatible with the organization of sec-
tional parties. As long as there is a party in the Uni-
ted States which does not recognize the Constitu-
tion and the decisions of the Supreme Court as the
supreme law of the land,as long as a party is per-
mitted, asasectional party,to revile the institutions
of the South and to excite hatred and contempt
for them among its adherents, there can be no
peace, no safety for the South, and consequently
no fraternal feeling between the people of the dif-
ferent sections of the country, and no national
sentiment in the loftier sense of the word.
The whole slavery agitation must cease, the
" irrepressible conflict "must be abandoned, if our
Federal Union is to be preserved; if wo are again
to act in concert with one another and weigh in
the scale of power as a united and kindred people.
I, for one, am willing to recognize the suprem-
acy of the Constitution. I am willing to submit
to the decisions of the Supreme Court, and to ad-
here, to the fullest extent, to the compromises
which our fathers entered into for the sake of peace
and union, and which it is our duty to uphold
and defer*! for our common safety. There is no
security, no peace, no hope for our institutions
and laws, or for the continued prosperity of our
country, in any other course; and the time is close
at hand when tli'e immense majority of the people
of all the States, North, South, East, and West,
will come to the same conclusion.
Fanaticism may prevail for a while, but our
people are too eminently practical to be for any
length of time led into error, or made to war 011
their best interests. Even now, while profes-
sional politicians are hard at work to keep the
excitement alive, they are rebuked by the sound,
sensible, business men of the country, who repu-
diate them and their pernicious doctrines in the
most effective manner, by the total indifference
with which they behold their proceedings, and
the renewed energy with which they devote them-
selves to their accustomed pursuits. The people
of this Union, Mr. President, are not alarmed.
They neither covet nor desire an " irrepressible
conflict.'' They pursue " the even tenfir of their
