1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
ought to be alluded to at some time or other, by-
some one,on this side. His wit alone caused him
to make it; but the good sense of the body itself,
seeking to carry a measure for the benefit of the
country, will at once say it is better to carry
i-t later than never, and better to put it to a more
distant day and be certain to succeed, than to fix
it at an earlier period and fail in it entirely. For
this reason, I am inclined to think that the period
will be extended until the 1st of August, or per-
haps even until the 1st of January next, as the
time when the abolition of the franking privilege
shall be permitted to take effect.
Under these circumstances, certainly this body-
can adopt, and by its own act enforce, the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege, if it bo so desira-
ble; and if we are so unanimous in regard to it,
surely the Senate will adhere to it and enforcc it
against the will of every other branch of the Gov-
ernment, (whether it be the veto of the Executive
or the action of the House of Representatives,)
or stop the Department. I see no necessity at
all for encumbering the present bill with the pro-
vision, and I hope, therefore, the Committee on
Finance will withdraw the amendment; or, if not,
if they feel bound to adhere to one another out
of the respect they owe to each other, having
adopted the amendment amongst themselves,!
hope they will at least say that they now regard
it as a matter of less consequence than they did
before, after having listpned to the debate on this
floor, and having heard the expression of senti-
ment which has been given on each side of the
Chamber.
I beg, also, to present to my own side of the
House another consideration, which seems to me
to have a practical force which no man ought to
deny. It is, that when you have abolished the
franking privilege, you have not achieved that
relief to the Post Office Department which you
will be compelled to achieve in order to relieve it
from its dependence upon the Treasury. We have
the testimony of every Postmaster General, of
whatever political complexion, sound or unsound,
that a postage rate of at least five cents is neces-
sary to maintain the system; but there has been
an unwillingness on the part of many gentlemen
here, particularly on the other side of the Chamber,
to allowing that necessary increase of revenue lo
the Department. I beg to call the attention of
my own political friends here to the fact that,
whenever we shall abolish the franking privilege,
the other side of the House will say that the Post
Office Department, having been relieved of the bur-
den of the free matter, needs no more relief, and
hence they will not increase the postage to five
cents; ancl yet, those who have been at the head
of the Post Office Department, on their own side
as well as on this, have uniformly insisted that five
cents was the lowest rate of postage at which the
proper amount of revenue could be raised, and
that three cents was below the just and sound
and healthy rate of postage which could sustain
the Post Office Department, independent of the
general Treasury of the United State's. When-
ever you abolish the franking privilege, whether
it will achievc the good that is expected or not, it
becomes an entire barrier to your changing the
revenue of the Post Office Department by increas-
ing to five cents this tax, pronounced by all to be
the most just and equal tax that exists in this
Government in any of its ramifications. It be-
comes an insuperable barrier to your taking any
step towards fixing the revenue consistently witli
tho expenditures of the Department.
Then, why insist on this now? I have my
doubts, moreover, I will say, in regard to the effect
which this measure would have upon the cost of
transporting the mails; and if we do not insert in
this bill a provision abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, I desire to present an amendment which I
tlunk will enable us lo ascertain somewhat prac-
tically, the results that will follow the abolition of
the franking privilege. The amendment which I
propose to suggest, is to require the Postmaster
General in his advertisements for letting mail con-
tracts, to require the bidders to include an item
specifying the rates at which they will carry the
mails in the event of Congress taking awayHhe
franking privilege. I desire to know how much
the Department will save in the cost of transpor-
tation when we relieve the contractors from the
burden of carrying the free matter? When we
have this information, we shall be able to know
something of the saving that will result from the
measure. Such an amendment has suggested it-
self to my mind, because I do not believe that on
a great majority of the mail routes in the United
States you will have your mails carried for one
cent less than they are now carried, when you
abolish the franking privilege. I am satisfied that
that is true in regard to all the railroad routes,
and I believe it to be true with regard to nearly
all the other routes. Where a man carries a horse
mail, the taking away of the free matter may
make a little difference in the amount that he will
charge; but if he carries the mail in a four-horse
stage, it will make scarcely any difference in the
amount which he charges. We know that there
is soon to be a mail letting for one fourth of the
Union; and I suggest that the Postmaster Gen-
eral be authorized to require from bidders, bids in
the alternative, saying how much they will carry
the mails for at present, and how much they will
carry them for when the franking privilege shall
be abolished. Then we shall know something
about the result of the measure. I do not believe
it will be found, upon examination, that the abol-
ishing of the franking privilege will be productive
of any material reduction of the expense of trans-
portation; and if so, it certainly must be admitted
that we shall either have to leave the Post Office
Department as it is now, a burden upon the
Treasury, or we must increase its revenue by
raising the rates of letter postage.
In consequence of that feature being added by
the Senate last year, the other side of the House,
or their friends elsewhere, are liable for the defeat
of the Post Office appropriation bill at the lasr
session; and it is from them that comes now the
pleading voice to speak in behalf of the suffering
mail contractors, and they seem to plead it with
the most sympathy. While such is the fact, I
recognize it as a duty on their part, inasmuch as
they defeated the bill last year by their opposi-
tion to an increase of postage. 1 am willing that
they shall succeed now in passing this bill with-
out the amendment abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, and, at the same time, I am very doubtful
whether the result of the movement will be to ac-
complish the end which we have in view; which
is, to make the Post Office Department independ-
ent. I now ask that my amendment be read, with
the declaration that I shall offer it so soon as it
shall appear that the Senate decline to insert in
this bill a provision abolishing the franking priv-
ilege; and I hope gentlemen will abandon the en-
deavor to tax the present bill with the passage of
that measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment already pending.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish my
amendment read merely for information, with
the notice that I shall offer it in the event I have
stated. *
The Secretary read, as follows:
Jlnd be it further cnacted, That the Postmaster General
sbail require in his advertisements for letting the United
States mail contracts that the bidders for each contract shall,
in addition to their bids, also include ati item ppeciiying the
rates at which they will carry the said mails from and after
the repeal by Congress of the franking privilege by members
of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I had hoped that I should not
be under the necessity of saying another word on
the subject of this bill before the vote was taken
on its passage; but the remarks of the Senator
from Vermont are such as to call for some reply
from me. There is much that he said with which
I entirely concur. I agree with him that we ought
not to put legislation on the appropriation bills,
with certain exceptions. I have always believed
that there were occasions when there was very im-
portant legislation, and such legislation as would
be likely to be acceptable to both Houses, that
might fairly be put on the appropriation bills. You
injure, then, neither the one House nor the other.
At the same time, I have always said, and I have
acted on that declaration, that I would not use an
appropriation bill in one House for the purpose of
forcing the other House either to lose the appro-
priations, or else to pass some measure of legis-
lation to which it was adverse. The moment
either House declared its opposition, I should be
willing to recede from any amendment of that
character upon an appropriation bill.
Now, sir, the difference between him and me is
this: I regard the abolition of thejfranking privi-
lege as very important. -Ifit should happen that
there is a majority of both Houses in favor of it*
I think we shall have achieved a good deal by pass-
ing it on this bill. If, on thecontrary, both Houses
are not in favor of it, there will be little or no de-
lay occasioned by the amendment. I apprehend
neither House would endeavor to force through
on an appropriation bill legislation that was un-
palatable to the other; bu11 have reason to suppose,
and believe thatthis would be,an acceptable meas-
ure to the House of Representatives. I understand
that there is not one member in ten who is n*t
opposed to the franking privilege. Perhaps there,
is no question on which you would find so many
pej-sons united, in each House, as the question of
the propriety of abolishing the franking privilege,
I thought, under such circumstances, it was fair
and proper to try the experiment. Certainly there
is no one here who has avowed himself in favor
of retaining it. I doubt whether any one in the
other House, certainly very few, will be found to
avow themselves in favor of the franking privi-*
lege. Why not try to abolish it here then ?
But the Senator from Vermont said it necessarily
delayed the bill. Perhaps if the bill had been such
as could have passed through the Senate without
any amendment, I might not have been willing
to propose anything else ;but it was indispensably
necessary to amend it; the Postmaster General
requested it. The bill, as drawn By the House,
only provided for a certain portion of the con-
tractors; it did not cover all classes of claims; and
it was indispensable and right and proper, as the
Postmaster General suggested, that we should in-
troduce other classes of contractors who had suf-
fered by the failure to pass the appropriation bill
last year, as well as the class that was introduced
in the House of Representatives. That being the
case, it was necessary that the bill should go back,
and as the House had adjourned over for two days,
I did not see why the Senate should not express its
opinion on this amendment, one way or the other,
in that time; nor do I now. If the Senate are
opposed to it, either for the reason that they think
it is an improper place, or for the reason that they
do not agree in principle with the amendment,
they can say so, and vote it down.
But in regard to the vote to be given against it,
under the idea that the Senators on the other side
will agree to it in a general appropriation bill, I
do not see how they can do it on their own prin-
ciple. It would be no more applicable to that bill
than to this. Their principle is, that legislation
should not be introduced on appropriation bills,
a very good principle; one to which there are very
few exceptions, in my opinion; but I thought this
was a case^or a fair exception. But my purpose
is, if I can, to get the sense of the Senate. If they
think it improper to put this amendment here, let
them say so. If they are in favor of it, let them
so declare. Let the bill go to the House, and the
Holise will express its opinion. If it is against it,
it will throw it out. If it is for it, what harm will it
do? All mustadmit that we shall do great goodif
wc abolish the franking privilege, ana it seems to
me somethingmust be done for the relief of the Post
Office Department. Last year when we proposed
to raise revenue, it was objected to. That was prob-
ably the chief cause of the defeat of the bill then.
They said,4 4 abolish the franking privilege.'' Now
we do not propose to raise revenue, but to take
the other mode which the Postmaster General has
suggested, and try to introduce one of the reforms
on which he has dwelt most forcibly, and that is
the abolition of the franking privilege, which I
think he says is to save us some eighteen hundred
thousand dollars. If Senators are opposed to rais-
ing the postage, why not attempt to curtail ex-
penses? Why not do it in a manner which is ad-
mitted to be proper to be done?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to say, that in the
condition in which we introduce the amendment
now, it defeats itself. As it now stands, it reduces
it to a mere proposition that manuscript matter
shall be sent through the mail by having the name
of a person who is authorized under the existing
law to frank written upon it, but printed matter
must be prepaid. That is a general proposition
which will extend to all cases. I do not suppose
it is intended to embrace the circulation of news-
papers, but the language is such as would do it. *
It would be the inevitable construction of the lan-
guage of the clause; but the Senator from Rhode
