THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. Ill YES, WASHINGTON, D. C..
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 18G0.
New Series No., 168.^
avotenow, very well. ["Agreed."] Ifwcintend
to vote, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BEryAMIN. If there is a majority of
the Senate for passing this bill, I hope the first
section alone will be passed, and that the com-
mittee will not insist upon going on beyond the
jfirst section and forcing a confiscation upon these
parties of all their lands, front and rear, if they do
not bring a suit within two years. That is a
point on which I am very strenuous. If the object
is to put these parties back where they were, why
not be satisfied with the repeal of the second sec-
tion of the act of 1858?
Mr. TOOMBS. The second section I now offer
says it shall stand as it is until Congress does
act. The Senator very well knows that it will
stand another fifty years. I insist on the second
section, refusing to affirm the grant; and I am
willing to leave it where it was.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But the Senator goes be-
yond leaving it where it was. Now he wants to
go beyond on the other side, and to legislate di-
rectly against this title. If you put a clause in
the &ct that Congress rejects the title, you go be-
yond the simple repeal that you propose, and
you legislate'against it, which everybody has
said he was unwilling to do.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will allow me,
the only effect is, that the Government can never
come to a settlement for fifty years, unless they
refuse to confirm it; because this must always
be kept open and unsettled until you get it given
to these people.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Cannot the Government
sue to-morrow?
Mr. TOOMBS. No. You are neither in pos-
session, nor anything else of that sort.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not worth while to
answer that.
Mr. TOOMBS. You are not in possession of
ninety-nine hundredths of it.
Mr.PUGH. The proposition adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I understand, was to strike
out the entire second section. That is now before
the Senate. I am in favor of the second section
as it was drawn. The whole bill received in the
committee careful consideration at every word. It
does not, in any shape, confiscate any title which
the Houmas claimants have. It does not divest
any right. It does not deprive them of any ad-
vantage; and an assertion to the contrary is a mere
pretext to hide the real question. If there be any-
thing in the act itself of which they have a right
to complain, that will be open in the judicial tribu-
nals. But they claim under a perfect title; and
the whole effect of the act of 1858 is to give them
a patent. That is suspended by joint resolution.
Instead of giving them a patent, we now refer
them to the courts; but still, in order that the Sen-
ator from Louisiana may have no ground of com-
plaint, either on the one hand that we treat the
Houmas claimants unfairly, or on the other that
we keep open the controversy as to la^d titles in
Louisiana, I propose, before the question is taken
upon striking out the entire second section, to
strike out the last clause of it: and by that we
leave no question. I propose to strike out the
words, commencing in the eighth line:
"And in default thereof, the lands claimed by them fchall
be treated and considered as public land belonging to tiie
United States, to the extent the claimants may fail to estab-
lish their ritle in said suit."
These words being stricken out, and the ori-
ginal second section remaining except them, it
then simply provides, in accordance with the sub-
sequent law for Louisiana, with the law for Ar-
kansas, for Mississippi, for Alabama, for Florida,
for Missouri, for California, a method of adjudi-
cating the title. If the first section of the bill, the
repealing clause, or any other part of it, divests a
vested right, as so many Senators have claimed,
and improperly claimed, the court will so decide
for them. I have no apprehension that any court
will ever so decide—not the slightest. I think, be-
fore the vote is taken on striking out the entire
second section, if the Senate will strike out these
"Words, the last objection will be removed; and
168
therefore I move to strike o,ut those words of the
original bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not in the habit myself
of imputing to any member of the Senate mo-
tires, and 1 disclaim entirely, in the language of
the Senator from Ohio, that, so far as I am con-
cerned, there was any pretext when I denounced
this section, as it stood, as a mere act of confis-
cation. H is no pretext on my part, and lam
not disposed to impute to others any different
motive from what they profess. With me it is a
clear conviction, that when the Government of
the United States, having confirmed a title, part
of the land covered by which at any rate had"
been in the possession of the parties for fifty
years, and which they say now is a perfect title,
by a section of this bill say to the claimants, "if
you do not bring suit within two years, it shall
become public land," it is an act of confiscation.
If that is not confiscation, I do not know what
confiscation means. You may amend it, and it
may not be an act of confiscation. Strike out the
clause the Senator from Ohio points out, and then
it does not operate for confiscation; but as it
stood, as this committee reported it, it was noth-
ing more than saying, " here is a perfect title,
which does not need confirmation; and yet, if
you do not take proceedings within two years, it
shall be treated as public land." If that does not
mean confiscation, I do not know what it does
mean.
Rut again, as to the constitutional effect—for it
is on the question of power alone that I go, as
the honorable Senator from South Carolina docs.
This second section of the act of 1858 meant to
confirm something. What did it confirm? Did
it not confirm the adjudication of the commis-
sioners appointed by the act of Congress of 1805 ?
Did not that adjudication of the board of commis-
sioners cover all the land that is now claimed?
If it covered the land that is now claimed, and
Congress reserved to themselves the ultimate right
of affirming or disaffirming that title—not the title
to part, but the title to the whole claim as con-
firmed—and Congress did affirm the decision of
the board of 1858, how can it possibly be said
that it did not vest a title to all that was confirmed
by the board under the act of Congress? Now, I
am aware that the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia announced the doctiinc—1 heard him avow it
here just now—that Congress may abrogate a
contract. He has even voted for it, he says, pay-
ing damages. They may, because the Govern-
ment cannot be sued, and there is nothing which
you can bring before a court of justice m order
to test the constitutionality of an act abrogating
a contract; but in the case of land, if Congress
undertakes to abrogate a contract which parts
with the title to land, then you may proceed; for
the thing itself, and the constitutionality of the
act, may be tested. In the case he puts, where
you break a contract under which the party has
acquired nothing except a right of action, he can-
not sue, because the Government cannot be sued;
but if be goes into your Court gf Claims, under
your present law, they will decide whether he has
a right to damages. The honorable Senator ad-
mits that; but m this case they have confirmed
and vested the title, and now it is sought to divest it.
Mr. PIJGH. I did not object to the honorable
Senator replying to me; but it is manifestly not
according to the rule of the Senate for him to an-
swer the Senator from Georgia, because he is en-
titled, by our usage, to close the debate. What-
ever you reply to me, oil the amendment, is all
right; but I suggest that it is unfair to coritiuue
general debate.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know of any parlia-
mentary law that at any time prevents me from
uttering my sentiments. If it is out of order, the
Senator can call me to order.
Mr. PUGH. It is not out of order; but it is
contrary to usage.
Mr. BAYAR D. If it is not out of order, 1 can
go on with my remarks
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Senator from Delaware has the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot (ell how the debate
has proceeded; but I have a right to go on with
my remarks, unless I am out of order, and I mean
to do it. They will he brief, though. I was
speaking of the doctrino which I heard for the
first time to-day, emanating from the Senatorfrom
Georgia. He drew an analogy where I thinlc
none exists, between this case and the oaee of
contracts, which rest merely in execution, and
where, if the Government does notchoose to per-
form them, it pays damages. They have a right to
do that, if the public interest requires it, on paying
damages; but it does not follow from that, that the
Government can break a contract arirtng under a
grant which the courts can reach. Hero the ques-
tion is, whether they can take away the thing
which they have granted? I say not. They have
no sucli power, and the law would be futile if you
passed it. Unless it be true ihat the sccond
section of the confirmatory act of 1858 vested
a right in these parties irrespective of the issu-
ing of the patent, then there is no necessity for
the repeal of that section at all. I care nothing
about the patent. I think that is purely directory;
and whether the executive officer issues it or not,
amounts to nothing. It is precisely the doctrine
that is decided by Judge Campbell, that where he
issues it without the warrant of law, the patent is
not worth a straw; and the converse must hold,
too, that if the title is confirmed and vested in tho
party, the question does not strike at the author-
ity of the executive officer under the law to issue
a patent, but it strikes at the power of Congress
to revoke the grant.
His doctrine is, that they ought not, unless for
high and vital considerations, to revoke a vested
grant. Mine is, that they have not the power to
do it in a republican Government. Itis put on
two grounds by the learned justice who decided
that case. It was tho case of a State. It was a
case of fraud. The Supreme Court decidcd—both
on the ground of the negative restriction of the
Constitution on the power of a State to impair a
contract, and also on the general principle that a
vested right cannot, in a representative Republic,
be divested by an act of the Legislature, though, if
fraud existed, judicial action might possibly do
it, (and tlwt applies to the case of Minnesota,
which has been cited here,)—that the repealing act
was void. The act in reference to Minnesota was
not an act of Congress. It was an interpolation of
a word which altered the intent and meaningof the
law. Then Congress repealed it. Tho validity
of the repeal did not depend at all on the repeal-
ing act of Congress. It depended on the fact that
it" they had gone into the courts of justice to claim
under the previous law, the question would arise,
whether that was the law of Congress?
In the picsent case there is no doubt about the
fact. Improvidently passed or not, we did pass
the act of 1858. The title vested under it; but I
am one who does not look to the effect of general
principles, especially constitutional ones, as affect-
ing the decision of particular ca^es; but I think it
wiser to adhere to the general principles of con-
stitutional construction than to suffer an individ-
ual case to make its own law. ["Question!"
" Question!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on concurring in the amend-
ment made m Committee of the Whole to strike
out the second section. The Senator from Geor-
gia moved, as an amendment, to strike out all of
the section after the enacting clause, and insert
certain words which he sent to the Chair. The
Senator from Ohio moves to amend the section,
before taking the question on striking the whole
out, by striking out certain words indicated by
him. The Chair, with the consent of the Senate,
will put the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio to strike out a portion of tho
second section, before putting the question on
striking out the whole section. The words pro-
posed to be stricken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"And in default thereof, the lands claimed by tbenvshal!
be treated and considered as public tends belonging to the
