THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
February 8,
Island shakes his head, and, I understand, that
isnot Ms meaning. Then I will say, if it is not
tbe meaning, it ought to be,
Mr. SIMMONS. I intended, when the debate
was through, to suggest the exception of news-
papers, but I was waiting for the debate to close.
Mr. D A VIS. Then we should stand in this
strange position: that the Senate of the United
States, for instance, would print a bill or report,
which it might be important to send to some par-
ticular locality through the mail, and a Senator
would be deprived of the right to send that bill or
report through the mail to the locality where it
was desirable it should be made known; but if he
would taie it to a printing office, and say " I wish
to send it out on one of your papers, "it might go.
That is to say, the power of the Senate and the
right of Senators over their own printed matter
would be less, under the operation of the law as
the Senator from Rhode Island intends it to be,
than that of any publisher of a newspaper or peri-
odical throughout the United States. I do not see
the value of such a discrimination.
Then it is quite clear that it will never hold as
ail argument to say that you relieve a Senator of
a tax by not requiring him to pay his letters, and
yet expect him to circulate the documents and
other publications made for general information
by prepayment. The whole amount of postage
upon the manuscript matter would be a trifle com-
pared with that which he would be charged with
upon documents. I prefer to have the proviso
stricken out entirely, and I am prepared to vote
against the proviso, and leave all modifications in
the law, which it may be necessary to make after
abolishing the franking privilege, to future con-
sideration ; or, if that be not done, I prefer to strike
out tlie second clause of the proviso, and leave
printed and manuscript matter oil the same foot-
ing, to be paid for by those who receive it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
frotai Georgia to the proviso. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to insert the
word " manuscript" before " matter;" and at the
end of the proviso, "but upon all printed mail
matter the postage shall be prepaid.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to say,
"except newspapers."
Mr. HUNTER. Suppose we strike out the
whole proviso as is suggested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote must
first be taken on the amendment to the proviso,
unless by unanimous consent. *
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection ifthe Sen-
ator from Rhode Island has not. I accept the
modification lie now suggests, if he desires it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it is all stricken out, I
shall move it to the main part, if I can.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am willing to take it pure
and simple, if .you prefer it that. way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, that will be done.
Mr. HA.LE. No; I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will proceed to call the roll on the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not now understand
whether the words, "except newspapers," are
inserted or not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I proposed to insert them,
if the Senator from Georgia was willing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I said I was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent, the words proposed can be added to the
amendment, but only by unanimous consent; the
yeas and nays having been ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 beg leave to say one
word. If that whole last provision were left off,
I think the Senator from Rhode Island would ac-
complish all he desires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The words
proposed by the Senator from Rhode Island will
be added, by unanimous consent. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment as it now stands.
The Secretary read:
But upon all printed mail matter, except newspapers,
tlie poitage shall be prepaid.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 26; as follows:
* TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingliara, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Oollamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
penden, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Haun, Iverson, Simmons, Sumner, Tea Eyek, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and "Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Ches-
nut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason,Nicholson, Pow-
ell, ltice, Saulsliury, Sebastian, Slidell,aud Wigfall—20.
So the amendment of Mr. To ombs was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Let us go through
with this bill. Let us get a rote on this question.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being on a division—ayes twenty-one, noes not
counted.
Mr. GREEN. The. question now is, I believe,
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Tkumbcll] to strike out the whole proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to vote to take
the proviso out, so as to make the abolition of the
franking privilege a clean thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to strike out the proviso.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance as amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let the amendment be read
as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That all laws author-
izing the franking privilege be, and the same arc hereby,
repealed, from and after the 1st day of April next.
Mr. SIMMONS. I propose an amendment to
that, to add:
But upon all printed mail matter, except newspapers, the
postage shall be prepaid.
Mr. WIGFALL and others. That is the law
now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that is not tlie
law. I am willing to except newspapers and reg-
ular periodicals from prepayment. Let the other
printed matter be prepaid.
Mr. "WILSON. Put "periodicals" in your
amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the law now
is, that printed matter is paid at the place of des-
tination.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
But upon all printed mail matter, except newspapers and
peiiodienN. the postage shall be prepaid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand the law,
matter goes free to postmasters, and would come
free from them to members of Congress. I desire
to geU'id of the whole thing. If we are going to
abolish the franking privilege, bv which we send
matter free, let us abolish tlie right of postmasters
or other persons to send matter free to us. As
the law now stands, a letter from a postmaster
goes froe, and I think this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island is just as necessary now
as it was when offered to the proviso that has
been stricken out. I do not know now, whether
his amendment will reach the object entirely, but
I think we ought to have a clause to prevent any
free matter from passing in the mail, except news-
papers and periodicals. That is what we want
to get at.
Mr. HUNTER. If you repeal the franking
privilege, you repeal the right to send matter
through the mail to members. Their franking
privilege embraces the right to receive, as well as
the right to send. Undoubtedly it does. The
whole matter is accomplished as the amendment
now stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not satisfied that that
is so, and I am inclined to think otherwise. The
franking privilege might be regarded as applying
only to the franking of the matter which the per-
son is authorized to frank and send. We want
to get rid of the passage of all free matter through
the mails, and I should like to see a provision
framed so as to accomplish that, but excepting
newspapers and periodicals, if you please. I am
in favor of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, but I make Uiis other sug-
gestion: that I fear we are not accomplishing the
object which we desire.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the amendment to the amendment, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Collamor, TJixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Simmons,
Sumner, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragj, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmgman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Hammond, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory,
Mason, Nicholson, Powell, ltice, yaul^bury, Sebastian,
SlideU, Toombs, and Wigfall^31.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance as amSnded,
as follows:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all laws author-
izing the franking privilege be, and the same are hereby,
repealed from and after the 1st day of April next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not purpose discuss-
ing the matter at all; but the Sanaa objection lies
to the proposition as it now stands, that applied to
it before with the proviso, and which I made yester-
day. Printed matter, speeches, will still be sent
out without prepayment being required. They
will not be franked, it is true, but this printed
matter will go out through the mailsinto the hands
of postmasters and be disposed of under the reg-
ulations of the Post Office Department.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. Before the vote is taken
I wish to say, as the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] is not here to-day, that he re-
quested me yesterday, in case he should not be
here to-day, and a vote should be taken by yeas
and nays, to state that he had been obliged to leave
the city on account of a death in his family.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mes&rs. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Biown,
Chesnut, Clay, Clmgman, Davis,"Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Powell, Sauisbury, Se-
bastian, s§lide!l, Toomb-j and Wigfall—27.
NAY S—Mes&rs. Anthony, B Ingham, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fesbenden, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, Hale, l-Iamlin, Hat lan, Haun., Hemphill, Kins,
Nicholson, lUee, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. There is one more amend-
ment offered by the Finance Committee. It is to
add as a new section to the bill:
And beit further enacted, That the moneys received into
the Treaisury from the levenues of the Post Office Depait-
ment, in each and eveiy fiscal year hereafter, shall be, and
the same arc hereby, appropriated for the payment of tlie
following expense? of the said Department, in fucJi ycais
respectively, to wit: for compensation of postmasters and
cleiks in their offices; spccial agents; the detection or
mail depredators ; for the transportation of the mails; lor
wrapping-paper, mail-bags, blanks,and paperforthesame ;
mail-locks, keys, and stamps ; postage stamps, and stamped
envelopes.
The object of this amendment is to make a per-
manent appropriation of the revenues of the Post
Office Department, to be used for the purposes of
the Department, to meet such cases as occurred
lately, where Congress failed to pass the appro-
priation bill. I believe this was the practice of
the Government for more than fifty years. The
provision requiring the postage revenues to be
paid into the Treasury, and to be taken out by
annual appropriations of Congress, I think, is not
older than some eight or tea years. We propose
to £0 back to the old system,in order to meet the
difficulty which I have stated. It will be for the
Senate to say whether they think the contingency
is likely to occur again. If they do, there ought
to be a permanent appropriation. If not, it may
be well enough to leave the matter as it now is.
Mr. HALE. If that feature is introduced, the
other feature that was alluded to the other day,
by the Senator from Mississippi, ought to be in-
troduced; and that is, to put the mails on the mail
routes so that the discretion of the Postmaster
General shall be limited by his revenue; and 1
think if this goes back, the other should go back.
Mr. HUNTER. This only allows him to use
the revenue derived from the postal service, and
does not allow him to use anything else. It is
merely to make a provision that what is collected
from postages shall be a permanent appropriation.
The only use of it is to meet such a contingency
as occurred last year.
