1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
business can be entertained by the Senate after
Thursday next, and I will therefore propose, if
it be agreeable to the Senator from Georgia, to
fix a day for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be taken up at
an early day, as the action referred to was sus-
pended for this Congress.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will name, then, the first
Monday in May, or if there can be an earlier day
in May, it will be gratifying to me.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will concur
in it. I second the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the kill be made
the special order for the first Monday in May,
and I trust to the indulgence and courtesy of
Senators to dispose of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
take up the bill (S. No. 307) to repeal the second
section and other portions of an act passed the
3d day of June, 1858, entitled "An act to provide
for the location of certain confirmed private land
claims in the State of Missouri, and for other pur-
poses; and also to provide for the final settlement
of certain private land claims in the State of Louis-
iana."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
made the special order for the first Monday in
May, at one o'clock.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following hills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 640) for the relief of Wendell Trout
—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 627) for the relief of the widow
and other heirs of William Higgins, deceased—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 65G) to grant a pension to Mary I.
Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris, de-
ceased—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 637) to settle the titles to certain
lands set apart for the use of certain half-breed
Kansas Indians, in Kansas Territory—to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. For.net, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed an enrolled bill
(S. No. 42) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Mark Elisha; and also the en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 213) to incorporate the
United States Agricultural Society; and they were
signed by the Vice President.
PRINTING OTS DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, oil the 13th instant, at twelve o'clock
and thirty-eight minutes, the printing of a letter
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House, a state-
ment of the number of officers, privates, &c., who
served for a period of six months and upwards in
the war of 1S12.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, this day, the printing of the follow-
ing documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House,"information concerning Indian hostil-
ities in the Territory of New Mexico—ordered at
twelve o'clock and thirty-eight minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
ting an abstract of offer for furnishing naval sup-
plies coming under the cognizance of the bureau
of yards and docks—ordered at twelve o'clock
and thirty-nine minutes.
PATENT LAWS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 10) in addition to "An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts, "is before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee oil Patents as a substitute for the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to amend the sub-
stitute, by adding after the word "countries," in
line four, section ten, the words 
Mr. HALE. I wish that the bill may be read
through, and amended section by section. I may
have an amendment to offer to the first section.
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been read through, and
I object to its being read again, unless the Senate
so vote.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator can prepare his
amendment whilst I go over the several sections •
of the bill, as I intend to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of
the bill is called for.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it had better be read.
It is said to he a very important bill. I do not
remember having heard it read.
Mr. BIGLER. It has been read at length. I
propose to go over the several sections and ex-
plain them.
Mr. HUNTER. Yery well; that is sufficient,
if the Senator will explain it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. HALE. I ask, as a question of order, if
it is not the orderly way of doing business to take
up a bill, section by section, and read it through
and amend it as we go along ? I think that is the
proper way.
Mr. BIGLER. The whole bill is before the
Senate, and the Senator can move to amend any
part of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire insist on his call for
the reading?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; but I insist on the regu-
lar order of business. The regular order, I un-
derstand, is to read the bill section by section,
and move amendments to each section in order.
If that is the orderly way of doing business, it
ought to be pursued.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary that that has been done
before.
Mr. HALE. The Secretary is mistaken. The
bill has not been read through, section by section,
for amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. The entire bill was read, every
section of it, and the Senator was here at the time,
I think.
Mr. HALE. I was.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator can move to
amend any section, or he can move to strike any
section from the bill, it is all at the disposition
of the Senate. The amendment of the Senator
from Maine has not been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the call of the Senator
from New Hampshire is in order, if insisted on.
Mr. HALE. I do insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be taken up and read by sections, unless the
Senate otherwise order.
Mr. BIGLER. Very well; let the first section
of the bill be read, then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the first section.
The Secretary read the first section of the pro-
posed substitute, as follows:
Tliat the Commissioner of Patents may establish rules for
taking affidavits and depositions required in cases pending
ill the Patent Office, and suell affidavits and depositions may
be taken before ai'tv justice ol tlie peace, or other oflker
authorized by law to take depositions to be used in tile
courts of the United States, or m the State courts of any
chare where such officer shall reside; arid m atiyconte&ted
case pending in the Patent Office it ahall be lawiul lor the
cloik ot any court ol the United States for any district or
Temtory, and lie is hereby required, upon tlie application
ofanypaity tosuch contested case, 01 the agent 01 attorney
of such party, to i^sue subpenasfor any wttne-.;s<^ lesiding
or being within the &aid district or Territory, commanding
such witnesses to appear and testily bciore any justice or
the peace, or other officer as aforesaid, residing withm the
said district or Teiutory,nt any tune and place in the sub
pena to be stated; and if au> witness, atter having been
dulv served with such bubpena, bhall reiuse or neglect to
appear, or, after appearing, thall lciuse to testily, (not being
privileged from giving testimonv,) such refcusal or neglect
being pioved to tlie satisfaction of any judge ot the court
whose clerk shall have issued such subpena, said judge
may thereupon proceed to enioice obedience to the process,
or to punish the disobedience in like manner as any court
of the United States tnaydo in case of disobedience to pro-
cess of subpena ad testificandum issued by such court; and
witnesses in such cu^on shall be allowed the same compen-
sation as is allowed to witnesses attending the courts ot the
United States: Provided, That no witnesses bhall be le-
ciuired to attend at any place more than torty miles irom
the place where the subpena shall be served upon him to
give a deposition under this law: Piovided, also, lhatno
witness shall be deemed guilt} of contempt for refusing to
disclose any secret invention made or owned by nun:
provided, further. That no witness shall be deemed guilty
of contempt for disobeying any subpena directed to lum by
virtue of this act, unless his fees tor goiug to, returning
from, and one day's attendance at, the place of examination,
shall be paid or tendered to hfm at the tune of the service
of the subpena.
Mr BIGLER. The reason for this section
must be very obvious, and the necessity for it is
so conclusive, that I am satisfied-it will receive the
vote of the Senator from New Hampshire. It is
a singular fact that, in the organization of this "in-
stitution, no authority was conferred upon any tri-
bunal to subpena witnesses. Litigation of a very
important character, everybody knows, grows
out of the affairs connected with' this office." It is
the duty of the Commissioner of Patents, for in-
stance, to declare interferences between applica-
tions for patents in original cases. It is his duty
to declare an interference between an application
and a patent already in existence. These cases
lead to litigation. Now, there is no authority for
subpenaing witnesses or taking affidavits. The
practical operation has been this: the case arises;
the parties are notified; a day is fixed for hearing
the case-, tKe parties endeavor to get their testi-
mony; you cannot say they subpena their wit-
nesses, for they have no authority to do so; they
give them notice, and endeavor, as best they can,
to secure the attendance of the witnesses; but per-
haps on the day fixed, when everything is ar-
ranged for the hearing, some one of these wit-
nesses turns his back on the whole affair, refuses
to come, and there is no means of requiring his
attendance, and the result is that the case must be
postponed. All this has embarrassed the opera-
tions of the department seriously, and at the
same time throws unnecessary expense on the
litigants. The Commissioner states that there are
instances in which they are obliged to virtually
bribe witnesses—pay them exorbitant rates to get
them to come forward and testify. The whole
object of this first section is simply to authorize
the proper tribunals to issue subpenas to compel
the attendance of witnesses, and punish false
swearing. I will read a paragraph on this point
from the report of the Commissioner in 18o7—a
report made by the present Postmaster General,
who, we all know, aevoted himself very closely
to this subject:
" While the statutes organizing and regulating the action
of this office constitute, perhaps, the best system of patent
laws ever devised, still, the experience of the last tvveuty
years has disclosed various imperfections in their provis-
ions ; the more prominent of which, with tlie remedies
proposed,! deem itpioper,at this time, briefly to urge upon
the attention of Congress.
u lu applications tor the extension of patents, and in in-
terference cases, a wide range of inquiry into matters of
fact is otten essential to the ends of justice. The existing
laws furnish no means for compelling tne attendance of
witnesses, nor foi obliging them to testify upon such issues.
The interests bound up with these investigations are fre-
quently of the greatest maguitude , and, as a consequence,
refractory or meicenary men, availing themselves of this
omission in the law, have refused to appear or give their
depositions, except upon the paynientot the most exorbi-
tant sums by parties claiming the testimony. Cases of this
character, while working the most cruel hardship to indi-
vidual*, have tended to bring tiie Administration of the
Government into discredit, il not into contempt. No rea-
son is peicf ived why the process of subpena, freely allowed
to all litigating their interests in the courts of the country,
shall be withheld from the parties to these important and
complicated controversies."
There is the whole story of this case. It shows
the necessity for the first section, and I hope that
is satisfactory to my friend from New Hampshire.
It is right to say, that as to the particular feature
of the bill, 1 have never heard any divei-sity of
opinion. It is desired in the Department by the
most experienced men. It is desired by invent-
ors, and, I think, by all their agents.
Mr. SUMNER. I think there is no objection
to that section.
Mr. BIGLER. So much as to the first section.
I understand the Senator from New Hampshire
to insist that we shall proceed section by section.
Is it the intention to require a vote on this section,
or a vote on the whole bill ?
Mr. HALE. I have not asked such a thing as
a vote on each section. I have only asked that the
ordinary course be pursued. It has not been the
practice to vote section by section, but to consider
the bill so. I do not ask anything unusual.
Mr^BIGLER. Then, I suppose the second sec-
tion section will be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The second section will now be
read, unless some Senator wishes to remark fur-
ther on the first section. _
The Secretary read the second section of the
substitute, as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of securing greatei uniformity of action in thegrantand re-
fusal ofletters patent, there shall be appointed, id tkies;ime
manner as now provided by law for the appointment ox ex-
