290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
36th Cons....1st Sess.
Texas Volunteer Hegiment—Mr. Otero.
Ho. of Reps.
between the authorities of the Unitpd States and the Na-
vajos. I was anxious to communicate some satisfactory
information about the progress and probable result of tins
war before the clobmg of this report, but 1 have delayed its
preparation three weeks beyond the time it should have
been forwarded, and the war seems iess hkeiy to come to a
speedy close than it did at the commencement.
" From the letters of Agent Yost, which are already be-
fore the Department, the Commissioner will be able to form
iris own opinion as to the immediate cause of the present
difficulty. But, as the character of the Navajos may not
be well understood at Washington, I propose to submit a
few facts in refeienee to them, that have been accumulat-
ing since our acquisition ot tins Teiritory. When General
Kearny took possession of New Mexico, he found a war
existing, and which had existed for many years, between
the Mexicans and Navajos, and, judging trom the general's
promises to the Mexicans, winch weie olten repeated, he
must have considered it an easy matter to relieve tlfem
from the war, and protect them fiom all fuither dcpieda-
tions from tins formidable foe. lie, however, did not re-
mam long enough m the Territory to find out lus mistake,
for mistake it eeitamly was. When on a visit to the set-
tlements beiow this city, with a largo detachment, of troops,
the Navajos made a descent upon the valley of the Itio
Gtande, and, in sight of the genetulN command, drove off
some ot his own stock, and a considerable number belong-
ing to citizens. This,together withseveial otaerrobbenes
about the same time, caused General Kearny to oider a
detachment ot men under Colonel Doniphan to move
against the Navajos. This movement was made in two
divisions^ one under Major Gilpin, which took the joute
by Abiquew, and enter the country to the north ; and the
other, under Colonel Doniphan himself, which went in far
south. They made an efiectual rnaich thiough the coun-
tiy, and finally met the fndians at Heat Spring, where tliey
concluded a neaty of peace, the conditions ot which, how-
ever, were never observed by the Indians, for they con-
tinued to muidcr and steal as before.
" Uaily m the following year, 1847, Major Walker, with
a detachment of volunteer, made another campaign
against them, and penetrated their country as far a& the
Caiion dc Chefle.
'•This expedition also proved a failure, only serving to
increase the contempt which the Indians had acquired for
the American tioops.
"The next year, 1818, Colonel Nevvby, with a much
larger lorce of volunteers, made a third campaign against
this tioublesome toe, which, like the two former, eftected
nothing but the enactment ol a second treaty of peace, to
which the Indians, paid no attention, but continued their
depredations m an increased jatto.
"These raids had become bo alarming m 1819 as to in-
duce Colonel Washington, who \v,n then heiensGovernor
and military commandant, to take the field hinusClf, which
he did with a consideiable foiee of jeguiar tioops and vol-
unteers. The colonel, like his predecessor, wa-* unsuc-
cessful. lie, hovvevei, matched through the Indian country,
and finally met a pail of them at Canon de Chelle,and con-
cluded the thud tieaty ol peace, which, like tho.se which
had picceded it, was not woith the p.tpi r on which it was
written; indeed, a party ot the .same Indian who weie
piescnt when the tieaty was signed, leached the bettle-
menis in advance ot the colonel's command, and *tole a
laigo number of mine-? which wete grazing neai this place,
almost in M«ht of the tiag-^taff which stand* in the plaza.
" After this, in the wmtcrot 1851 and 1852, Colonel Sum-
ner, of the Aim}, and (invetnor Cat bo unmet a large party
of warrior, and several ot the pimeip.il duels* at Jemez,
and pioposed anolher tieaty of peace, to the gieat anmse-
ni'Mitot the Indians. Many ot them lefined to consider
tiie piopoMUon, but finally, alter an exciting council among
them-elves, they agieed (om^ii and make binding tiie treat)
made with Colonel Washington, alleging that it was pie-
viouslj made with Indians who had no antlnuity to ticat
foi the nation. Hut the effect was the sinic; murder ami
robbmes continued to meiea^e, until Colonel funnier was
conipelleil, in detense of the sufhning inteie,sts ol the citi-
zen*, to move agaurt them, which he did eai ly m 1nV3, at
the head of a oonsjdeiablc loice of regular tioop-?. Tliey
also penetrated as far as the famous Cauon de Chelle; but
the colonel believing his foice insufficient to meet the
enc-my, concluded to letieat, which it was thought by some
he did rather nutnedly.
u About the 1st of May, 1853, they niuidcred a Mexican
by the name ol Maitin, and robbed him of hi* propeity.
Covemoi Lane, who wasthensupenntendentjtook uniii'c-
diate steps to lecovei the inmdeiei ot Maitin, ioi which
puipo^eho bent two special agents into the nation, w ho,
with a detachment of troops, met the Indians and made a
formal demand for the murdeicr. They retu-ed to dehvei
him, alleging that he wa-- a memhei ot an influential Unruly,
and could not be gi\eu up. Aia-i the ictuiii ot the agrnu
with this r<*port, Governor Lane sent for Colonel Sumner,
and demanded the ehasti-einent ot the Indians lor the min-
der ot Martin. This wa^ m the Mimmerot l£>.>d. Colonel
Sumner immediately commenced prepmations for a tui
rmdable campaign,and had lus pi.ins well advanced when he
was relieved uoni the command by Oeneiai (inland. Gov-
ernor Lane wa- al-o succeeded by (iovcmni Meuwethei.
j-oon alter tiie now Govei not or -aipeiintendent took
charge 0! the Indian atfausot th<  1 et utoi\, lie wa= vnted
by a large di'le^ation <d the puncipal men of the nation,
and in couur il with them agu ed in extend hi< pnidon toi
ail pi^toflen^e-j, inchiduig t:>e muni"! ot Maitin. Tin-, it
is believed, had a ver> untoitunate inlhii nee upon the In-
dians. Tlmy hau been told. in po-iuve terms, tiie agents
of this Government, backed by thv presence of th<> tioop,,
that if the mutdeier was not given up, thev would be pun-
ished; and then, without any known reason oi explana-
tion, to forgive the ofiense, showed a want of contidenee
in our own ability to inflict the punishment we had prom-
ised, At any rate, the Indians continued to 10b as thev
had always done.
In l6o4, they killed a soldier at Fort Defiance. Major
Xvendrick, who was then m command at the fort, called
the chiefs together, and made a similar demand for,the
murderer of the soldier, which was persisted in, until the
Indians found that something must bo done to appease the
outraged feelings of the troops.
"The chiefs, therefore, came forward and told the com-
manding officer that the murderer would be given up; and
a day was fixed for his execution by hanging. But what,
perhaps, would have been regarded as strange, the Indians
asked to be the executioners themselves,which was granted.
On the day appointed for the execution, they brought for-
ward and hung in the presence of the troops, not the mur-
derer of the soldier, but a Mexican captive, who had been
with them for many yeais. This imposition was of course
not known at the time, but abundant evidenee has been
since revealed to leave no doubt of its truth.
" The last and final treaty, as you are aware, was made
by Governor Meriwether, m 1855; but itwasnotiatifiedby
the Senate, which, however, was unimportant to the In-
dians, for they would not have observed its conditions if it
had been.
"In 1856 more murders and robberies were perpetrated
than during any one year for seveial previous. In 1857
there was issued to them a larger amount of annuity goods
than they had received on any lormer occasion, and al-
though deputations may have been checked for a short
time, in consequence of the liberality of the Government,
it was soon forgotten, and duiing the past spring and sum-
mer hardly a week has passed without some theft being re-
ported against them. An$nowto all this we have to add the
double muider at Tort Dfffianee, first of the negro boy, and
then the Mexican capuve, who by falsehood they attempted
to pass upon the uoop-, as the murderer of the boy. From
this statement it will be s>een that these murderers have at
no time, since tliey have been under the control of the
United States, ceased their depredations; and the Mexicans
inlo^ us that it has been the same tor the last forty years.
Their conduct has always exhibited the most palpable con-
tempt for ourauthority and our Government, and it is tune
that J expect and obedience weie entoiccd. The liberal and
humane policy of the Department is neither understood nor
appieciated by them ; and the presents which thev icceive
are regarded as mere bribes to puiehase their friendship.
Their notorious bad faith has made them odious to all other
Indians, The Utahs and southern Apaches aie at war with
them, aryi the people are leady to commence hostilities
upon them whenever permission is granted."
Mr. OTERO. I have had that portion of the
report read with the view to prove that neither
the regulars or imported volunteers from the States
can effectually cope with those Indians; and also
with the further object of showing the repeated
and constant depredations and outrages commit-
ted by them in the Territory of New Mexico
since our annexation.
The Clerk will now please to read the extracts
from letters which I have recently received from
New Mexico, and which 1 now send to the desk
to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
k'The mail conductor,and the passengers that came up
in the stage yesterday, repoit,ot lathei eoufiim the icporr,
that sixty thousand t-heep,$our hundred head ol cattle, and
many horses have been duven off from that pai tot the val-
ley extending from the Pueito dc Abo to Fort Ctaig. This
is om  single sweep; others had taken place previously.
Making allowance for exaggerations, theie have been not
les^ than hfty thousand sheep, six or seven bundled head
of cattle, and a huge number of hoises and mules taken,
and some fiiteen ot sixteen Mexicans killed, and four sol-
diei.-, at I''ou .Defiance."
Mr. OTERO. That extract is taken from a let-
lor written to me by the superintendent of Indian
affairs, Mr. Collins, dated February 12, 18G0.
The Clerk will please to read an extract of a later
date, and from the same source, which I send to
tiie desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Navajos, afow days since, robbed some four hun-
dred mules from near Albuqueique. They belonged to Hon
Juan C. Aimijo and others, who weie prepaung to start to
the States." ^
Mr. OTERO. Read also the following extract
of a letter written by Hon. Spruce M. Baird, to a
gentleman at Mcssilla. Mr. Baird is a Senator
of our present Legislative, and a man in whose
statement every confidence can be placed.
The Clerk read, ay follows:
ci Wj ate all well and doing well, but mightily aft aid <">f
the Navajo-. Tliey aie getting veiy s.aucy. The) have
run oil' the lttuloi ot the wealthy .UeAiean^ u ho woic fund-
ing on this -ide of the mountain lorsafutv—about eight
handled head. Thej got baek -nine, hut so broken down
they could not travel. A pa: t of the mutes they took fiom
on" ranehe. not tniecnrle, non: om i.r.u .e. "Two coin-
pat'n of tionp- ((Jiuted Stat«'- mourned) -farted m puisuit
ol 'h"m, • neceod. dm pas - nig them, and conceal cd them-
belvfs at the eio-\-im: ot tiie nvet. waiting ioi the Indians
to cioso. The Iriduit'.on iheirwav ta'thc iiwi, killed
tlnee men and two women. be>ide> taking one woman
captive, iben p-c^ed dircct.ii hci>■ can the t:io companies of
troops, and efeap 'd The^e gallant soldier0, and de.ondeis
of their counti.v.ascertained ibi^ faa inthe morning, after
liqht. by viewing the tint! of the successful maraudeis.
The eompanj of Mexicans that went nom here into the
Navajo countiy had great difficulty in getting back; they
losing two of their company. They succeeded in bringing
ten Navajo women as captives, and this is one reason I
have more fear, as they will have their revenge whenever
and wherever they can. They have been so successful
thus far, their success will make them more bold. We
cannot get wood to cook with; no one can be hired to go
for it, for tear of the Indians, and I am afraid to send Dick,
(sr negro man.) Such times ! such times! I do not allow
the children to go outside the yard, I am in so much fear
that they will be stolen. I sent to town yesterday and suc-
ceeded in getting a little ammunition, with which we will
defend our^elve.< as well as may he.
Since the above was written, Judge B. has removed
his family to Albuqueique for greater safety. In view of
tlu -e things, thy question naturally arises, are we ever to
b secure m oui homes?'5
Mr. OTERO. 1 could read a great many other
extracts, which I have in my possession, in regard
to the melancholy condition of Now Mexico, but
I do not wish to occupy too much of the time of
the committee. I desire, however, to refer to one
particular fact upon which gentlemen on the other
side of the House seem to base their opposition
to this measure, and that is, that because a few
bad white men have on certain occasions com-
mitted some alleged outrage upon the Indians,
therefore the innocent women and children on the
borders of Texas and New Mexico shall not be
protected. Is that the argument? It is at least
the drift of it. That is the way I understand it.
Because some bad men on the borders of Texas,
some emigrant into the Territory of New Mex-
ico—fugitives from justice, probably from the
State of Pennsylvania, having no visible means
of getting a livelihood—go there, and their hu-
manity leads them to take sides with the Indians,
therefore the honest and enterprising citizens of
the Territory arc not to be protected.
Now, sir, I see neither reason nor humanity in
the position assumed by the honorable gentlemen
on the other side of this Chamber. I see, on the
contrary, a very urgent necessity to induce Con-
gress to organize, at once, two tegjnients of vol-
unteers for the protection and deiense of Texas
and New Mexico, whose citizens ha\e been for
many years bleeding at every pore.
Now, let me say to the committee, that New
M exico has ci foreign and Indian frontier of filtetui
hundred miles, and Indian communication of one
thousand miles. We cannot get into the States
.without traveling that distance through an inhos-
pitable Indian country. Last fall, when return-
ing to the States from New Mexico, with my
family by my side, I came near being murdered
by the Kiowas, who had been robbing and mur-
dering upon the great plains between New Mex-
ico and Missouri. We were miraculously saved;
for all around us the Indians had been, and still
were, murdering the poor emigrants to Pike's
Peak. How, sir, am I met here by the "hu-
manitarians," when I recite the story of the poor
traveler, accompanied by his feeble wife and little
ones, who, as they wend their way for a ikhomc-
steady" perhaps in the wilds of Kansas, Pike's
Peak, and New Mexico,are mercilessly mm dered
and scalped, while their children arc disembrained
upon the rocks? Sir, let the country know it, let
the poor man, for whom you have passed a bill
granting them homesteads, understand that they
accept the boon you would offer them at the peril
of their lives. Let them undeisland the generosity
and humanity of those gentlemen who have harsh
words to denounce their own Christian brother,
while they eulogize the barbarian,and shed tears
for the murderer of the virtuous and the innocent.
I see no humanity in the position assumed by the
gentlemen on the other side. My rule is to ex-
ercise that kind office towards my own kin, to
the community in which 1 live, and to the race
from which I have sprung. If I had my own way,
I would dispose of the savoge in a very summary
manner.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New Mexico what his plan of dis-
posing of the Indians would be ?
Mr. OTERO. My plan would be, sir, to raise
a regiment or two of volunteers m New Mexico,
and let them kill every Indian they met, until
they would be thoroughly subjugated. That is
my plan. Ic is a Jacksoman plan. I would treat
them as your fathers treated the Indians in Ohio,
until they finally obtained peace in the settlements.
Mr. Chairman, from the limited knowledge I
have of the ea'-ly history of this country, I believe
it was the volunteers of the colonics who only
were successful in resisting and punishing the
Indians. The regular troops, the British troops,
