1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
April 16,
aminers, a board of three examiners-in-chief, at an annual
salary ot three thousand doifars each, to be composed of
persons of competent legal knowledge and scientific ability,
whose duty it shall be, on the written petition of the appli-
cant for that purpose being filed, to revise and determine
upon the validity of decisions made by examiners when
adverse to the grant of letters patent; and also to revise and
determine in like manner upon the validity of the decisions
of examiners in interference cases, and when required by
the Conimsseioner in application for the extension of pat-
ents, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned
to them by the Commissioner ; that, from the decisions of
this board, appeals may bo taken to the Commissioner of
Patents in person, upon payment of the fee hereinafter pre-
scribed; that the said examiners-in-chief shall be governed
in their action by the rules to be piescribed by the Commis-
sioner of patents. No appeal shall hereafter be allowed
from the decision of the Commissioner of Patents, except
in cases pending prior to the passage of this act.
Mr. BIGLER. The second section is maie
necessary by the rapid increase of business in the
office, it was organized, I think, in 1836. Up to
1847 the business was of a very limited amount,
and 1 can find no record; but in 1847 the applica-
tions were over seven hundred. Since then, they
have been increasing with wonderful rapidity, and
for the last year cxcecded five thousand, and are
estimated forthe present year at six thousand two
hundred. In consequence of the multiplicity of
business, owing to the fact that after cases arc
examined many appeals are taken from the pri-
mary examiners, there is a necessity for this re-
organization. The Commissioner is utterly unable
to hear the appeals which are earned before him
under the organization as it now stands, and he
has been forced to select three of the principal ex-
aminers, and detail them to hear appeals from the
primary examiners—a duty which the original law
imposed upon the Commissioner, and which ho
was able to perform so lopg as the business was
ver)^ limited; but now it is utterly out of the
question.
As to this necessity, there is a concurrence of
opinion, I think, amongst the Commissioners, or
at least- the four who have last filled the place.
Judge Mason, Mr. Holt, and Mr. Bishop, all con-
cur, as does the present incumbent, that it is utterly
impossible for any one man to hoar the appeals
from the primary examination. This section con-
stitutes a board of principal examiners, who are to
hear the appeals from the primary examiners. It
allows an appeal from this board to the Commis-
sioner; but there id'no appeal provided for in this
bill from the Commissioner to the courts; and in
that particular the organization is changed. Here-
tofore appeals were taken from the examiners to
the Commissioner, and from the Commissioner
to one of the judges of the circuit court of this
District. This bill proposes to constitute a boaul
of principal examiners, and from that board to
allow an appeal to the Commissioner, and no
appeal from the Commissioner to the courts.
Now, sir, it is hardly possible for any one who
has not been connected with the details of this of-
fice to determine clcarly and satisfactorily to him-
self whether these features are all wise or not; but
I take it, the experience of men in a department
like this, disconnected entirely from the excite-
ments of the day, should be "almost conclusive.
They testify to the necessity of this measure.
They insist upon its adoption. I believe it has
been recommended here for five or six years;
perhaps the one feature to which the Senator
from New Hampshire referred has not been. I
know there is some difference of opinion in re-
gard to that particular feature. The reason why
they asked this change in the department is the
danger to the archives of the department and the
inconvenicncc ofcarryingitsdocuments into court.
Then, again, the same principles which must ne-
cessarily control the court, control the Commis-
sionerand control this board of examiners. They
must be legal men, and they must be men edu-
cated in the exact sciences. As to thotpartieular
feature—an appeal from the Commissioner to a
court—I will say to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that I care very little about it, except it
seems to me that that makes the system too ex-
pensive under the proposed reorganization.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the second
section, and I submit to the Senate my reasons for
it. This is a very important change. It cuts off
the whole body of inventors in this country from
any approach to the judicial tribunals of the land
for the ascertainment and settlement of their rights
when asking for patents. It is true the bill leaves,
as every bill must, the matter open to be contested
by conflicting claimants before the judiciary after
a patent is granted; but as to all those questions
that relate to the "granting of patents, to the grant-
ing of renewals or extensions—which, as every-
body that knows anything about the Patent Office
knows, sometimes involve property to the amount
of millions, and involve the greatest possible in-
terests that can be involved in any litigation before
any tribunal—you propose to cut them off from
the judiciary entirely, and to submit them to the
arbitrary determination of one man, who, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania says, cannot possibly ex-
amine them; and to remedy 
Mr. BIGLER. It is unnecessary for the Sen-
ator from Now Hampshire to entirely misrepre-
sent what he certainly understood very clearly.
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order; and I
want the question of order settled.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, sir, let us have the ques-
tion of order 
Mr. HALE. He says I entirely misrepresent
what I clearly understand.
The PRESIDING; OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
I asked the Senator if he yielded to the Senator
from Pennsylvania? I have not yet given the floor
to the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HALE. That is not the question I make.
The question I make is, whether it is competent
for a Senator tojrtsc up here and accuse me of en-
tirely misrepresenting what I clcarly understand?
Mr. BIGLER. I did not intend to say that
the Senator clearly understood it. I would have
shown him in a moment, if he had permitted me,
exactly where he misunderstood me. I said 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire give way to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. HALE. I want the question of order set-
tled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair docs
not think it in order for one Senator to charge an-
other with misrepresenting what ho clearly under-
stood.
Mr. HALE. That is all. Now I will hear the
Senator.
Mr. BIGLER. Well, then, Mr. President, the
Senator clcarly misrepresented what I stated, if
ho intended to convoy the idea that I said that the
Commissioner, under this new law, would not be
able to hear the cases. I was speaking of the law
as it is. I spoke of the impossibility of the Com-
missioner hearing all the cases that were neces-
sarily carried from the primary examiners. But
under this bill, he only hears those which are to
be earned from the board of examiners, which is
to peiform the duty that the Commissioner now
performs. The Commissioner will take the place
of the court. I do not know how many the cases
would be, or what their relative number would
be. That is to be determined by experience. But
the most experienced men in the department
think it will be possible, under the new organiza-
tion, for the Commissioner to hear all these cases
fully and thoroughly. That is what I intended
to say.
But I wanted to remark further, that I care
very little about this particular feature of the bill;
for, as I said to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, it was one aboutwhich there was some dif-
ference of opinion. It docs not interfere with the
right of these parties in court, except as ro the
particular case before the Patent Office. Every-
body knows that you have a right any where in
the United States to contest a patent, to institute
proceedings to show that it is not an original in-
vention, or that it is defective in any other way
that you please. But, sir, if that is the only ob-
jection—that it denies an appeal to the courts—the
Senator ought to move to strike out that clause
only! that feature which denies an appeal to the
courts. If ho is inclined to persist in striking out
the whole section, I must read whatthe Commis-
sioner, in his report of 1858, says on this partic-
ular feature. This is the report of Mr. Holt, who,
as I before said, devoted himself very closely to
this department, and has taken special interest
in it, and who, I take it, understands its practical
operation very much better than either the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire or myself. Here is
what he says as to the necessity for creating this
board of examiners:
" Since the mouth of November, 1857, a boaid tempora-
rily organized, and consistingof three examiners, specially
detailed for this duty, have been occupied in the examina-
tion of appeals from the decisions of the primary examiners
to the Commissioner. Dming the past year they investi-
gated and disposed of five hundred and thirty-five cas.es, in
most of which they have submitted elaborately prepared ic-
ports. The results of their action have been eiiunentlyfat-
isfactory, and have commanded, it is believed, the entire
conlidence of the country. The withdrawal of these offi-
cers from their respective classcs has practically reduced
the examining coips to nine instead of twelve, the num-
ber at which it was fixed in 1856. The applications of that
year amounted to four thousand nine hundred and sixty;
those of] 858 amounted to five thousand three hundred and
sixty-four; so that with a reduced force there is a heavy
inciease of labor to be performed. This is unfortunate and
to be deplored, in reference alike to the public and the in-
ventor. The former has a deep interest in that thorough
and faithful examination of applications contemplated by
the patent laws, in order that rights which belong to all may
not be unjustly monopolized by one ; the latter has the samo
interest, lest a patent, hastily and incautiously gianted,
should prove in his hands but a lure to draw him into har-
assing and impoverishing litigation. The legalization of
this boaid, and the restoration of examineis to the three
classes now virtually deprived of them, would furnibh at
once the ichef required.
" Since the establishment of this temporary board of ap-
peals, the Glasses from which its members were respectively
withdrawn have been in chaige of those who have the lank
and pay of assistant examiners only. In the new position,
however, assigned them, they have had imposed upon them
the responsibilities of examiners-in-chief, and it is due to
them to say that they have discharged their duties with zeal
and fidelity. In my judgment, it is but just that they should
be compensated according to the cliaiacter of the services
they have rendered."
That is the discussion of the necessity of this
board, which the second section proposes to
create.
Mr. HALE. I am sure it was not necessary
for the Senator to say he had no interest in this
matter; because nobody said he had. I certainly
have none, aside from the inventors and their in-
terests; but striking out the last clause would not
meet what I want. If I understand the extract
from the report, read by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, an addition of three examiners to the
force is all that is asked; and, in my humble judg-
ment, the Commissioner of Patents will get in a
much better form the redress that he asks, by our
simply giving him three additional examiners, and
letting him, from the whole number of examiners,
detail those that are most competent and most
able to discharge these revisory duties, which he
says he now has to impose upon three of his ex-
aminers. If you leave it in that way, leave it to
the Commissioner who is there to select from the
whole board of examiners three of the most intel-
ligent, the most competent, and the best informed
of the whole, and let him make, as he says he now
makes, a board of supervision of them; he will
get all that he asks very much better than he will
in the manner they are now proposed to be ap-
pointed. I suppose they are to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Interior, and this section pro-
vides for throe men, whose sole duty it shall be
to constitute this revisory board, and nobody else.
This simply interposes between the examiners
and the Commissioner three other examiners, and
in that way you multiply the machinery without
getting any better mode, or any more talent, or
any higher grade, or any more information. In
fact, you will not have so much.
Now; the Senator says, with a happy innocence
of the true state of the ease, that these examiners
will be scientific men, legal men, men that are
well qualified. Does not the Senator know, and
does not everybody who knows anything about
the Patent Office know, that it is just as much a
piece of party machinery as the Supreme Court
is, or any other department of the Government?
Does he not know that the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is a political officer, and appointed for his po-
litical standing ? Why, Mr. President, there is
an examiner in the Patent Office now, who has
been there ten years, and I do not know but more,
and I suppose he is there'now— he was a little
while ago—whose sole merit that got him there
and kept him there was a scurrilous article that
he wrote about me in the New Hampshire Patriot.
To pay him for it he has been transferred to the
Patent Office, and has been there a dozen years.
That is generally the way these examiners and
other officers are appointed. It is idle to shut our
eyes to the fact.
Now, sir, knowing that this 'is the way these
officers are appointed, I a^k you if you are willing
to confine the inventors of the country to such a
tribunal, and cut them off entirely from the courts
and from any approach to the judicial tribunals
for the protection of the vas.t rights which are lit-
igated before this Commissioner in regard to the
