I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293:
36xii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Supreme Court and Bred Scott—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
were of no use in that service. It required more
than marches and countermarches, and the sound-
ing of the bugle and the drum in the morning and
in the evening, to compote with the Indians' mil-
itary tactics; it required frontiersmen who knew
their mode of warfare.
The Indians laugh at-your movements. I re-
member a conversation i had with the celebrated
mountaineer, Kit Carson, whose name is historic,
who is well known all over the country, and per-
sonally to many here. Some eighteen months
ago, he accompanied an expedition of regular
troops, in command of some Utah Indians as
spies and guides. When these Indians returned
from the campaign, which had not terminated
very creditably, they told Kit Carson that the reg-
ular troops were not fit to fight with the Indians.
"Why?" said Carson. " Because," replied the
Indians, "they carry with them always a train
of wagons, and commence their march when the
sun is quite high, and stop long before the sun
goes down again. You know, Kit, if you want
to follow the Indians and overtake tlicm, you
must have men who can travel night and day."
The Indians themselves, sir, make this criticism
upon the tardy movements of your regular troops,
i do not wish, however, to be understood as even
intimating that the regular Army of the United
States is not a brave and gollant Army. Far from
that, the bravery and gallantry of your officers
and soldiers are attested by history. What I mean
to say is this: that the rank and file of the regular
Army being generally composed of raw Irish and
German recruits, who, upon their arrival at New
Orleans or New York, from their fatherland or
" ould country," enlist, and are sent out West,
without knowing anything of the country, and
much less about fighting. These men, I say, are
not fit to fight Indians. We have men on the
frontier who can travel night and day, and who
can go without food for two or three (jays; but
you cannot make an Irishman or a Dutchman to
do it. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I will refer to one important reason
why we want volunteers taken from the imme-
diate neighborhood of the Indians themselves.
None of the gentlemen who have preceded mo.
have referred to it. I have already said that it was
only the border men, accustomed to the habits of
the Indians, and mured to hardships, who could
successfully cope with the savages. I think, sir,
besides, that it is important to have the Indians
properly understand that the citizens themselves,
upon whom they have committed depredations,
arc the ones who chastise them for it, and not sol-
diers imported for the purpose. That, sir, in my
opinion, would be the true policy of this Govern-
ment in its Indian warfare, if the effectual and
speedy suppression of Indian hostilities is con-
templated. While I am prepared to admit the im-
portance of the presence of a portion of our gal-
lant little Army, as a nucleus around which an
efficient fighting force may form, it is a fact well
known to me, and all who have lived upon the
western frontier, that the Indians will ne^er fairly
fight tlie regular troops, and that the regular
forces always pursue and fight the Indians at
every disadvantage. When the Indians find them-
selves closely pursued, they immediately raise a
white flag and ask for peace, which, of course, in
pursuance of the courteous practice of the Army,
is immediately granted, as you have seen from the
extract taken from the report of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, and which has already
been read. By this policy, the Indians are made
to fear the troops.
Now, sir, what is the result as soon as the
troops ate withdrawn from the Indian country.''
New outrages and murders are perpetrated upun
the quiet citizens who have been lulled into the
belief that the Indians had promised, by their
treaty with the commander of the military cam-
paign, not to commit any further depredations
upon them. Again our mother earth is stained
with the blood of the brave, the virtuous, and the
innocent,and we are left to witness desolation and
rum over our isolated Territory. I repeat it, sir,
let the citizens protei.t themselves in organized
volunteer companies; let them impress upon the
minds of the Indians that the soldier is the resi-
dent citizen, whom they must respect, and whose
lives and property they must not destroy or vio-
late. Then, sir, when you may find it necessary
to withdraw your troops, in case of a war with a
foreign nation, or for any other cause, the Indians
will behave themselves for fear of the frontiers-
men.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot conclude my remarks
without referring to the manner in which the Ex-
ecutive of New Mexico has discharged his duty
to the people of that country, and I hope I may
be excused if I am a little personal in my remarks
towards that functionary.
Twelve or eighteen months ago, a war existed
with the Navetjos; and while he disapproved the
conduct of the military there, and pronounced the
whole of the war a "comedy of errors," and the
treaty of peace which was made with the Indians
a "humbug," he permitted the perpetration of
outrages and murders to be continued, notwith-
standing he might have averted them by calling
out the militia of the Territory to defend the set-
tlements and repel the invaders; which duty he
faithlessly and criminally failed, of his own voli-
tion, to perform. It was not until the Legislature,
at its last session, formally required of him the
execution of that duty, by the enactment of a
law, that he took any action in the premises. Up
to that period, an incalculable amount of property,
and a countless number of lives, had been sacri-
ficed to his faithlessness and delinquency as the
Executive of the Teiritory. And that destruction
of life and property is up to this time continued,
with scarcely an effort to arrest the depredations,
or stop the flow of blood.
The recent orders of the War Department, in
regard to the movement of the troops to Texas and
the Kiowa country, will leave the Territory of
New Mexico almost entirely unprotected against
Indian aggressions. Already the late impending
and most necessary war against the aggressive
and powerful Navajos has, m consequence of the
inadequacy of our military force, been suspended;
and that suspension, while it will embolden that
tube, will stimulate others into vexatious depre-
dations and disastrous hostilities against us. I
hope that the appeal which I have made to this
House, in behalf of the distant, exposed, and suf-
fering people whom I represent, will not be treated
with indifference; but that Congress willpromptly
and generously respond to the demands which
justice and humanity make in behalf of those
whom the Government of the United States has*
recently conquered; whom, by foiee ofarms', they
have brought beneath their flag; and whose rights
of property, life, and peace, they are bound, by
every obligation of public faith, most sacredly to
protect.
THE SUPREME COURT AND DRED SCOTT.
   ,/
" An opinion not bindmnauthoritv, unle^ the crv^/allpd
for ltd expretMon.''—Cm toll vs. Curroll} IGth Mon-urd'^
Supreme Court Repeats. _ f
SPEECH OF HON. D AY. GOOCH,
Otf il A S S A CI i L SK X1S,
I\T the House of Representatives,
•May 3, 1860.
The IIoupp being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state oi the Union—
Mr. GOOCH said:
Mr. Chairman: I listened with much interest
to the able and eloquent speech of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] last evening,
m which he urged us, and more especially the
men from Massachusetts, to accept the opinions
given in the Dr<'d Scott ease by six of the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States, in re-
lation to the constitutionality of the Missouri
compromise, as a judicial decision of that ques-
tion, binding upon u^and the people of the whole
country. I was wholly unable to agree with him
in his premises or conclusions, lie assumed that
that question was legitimately before the court for
decision,and came to the conclusion that the opin-
ion expiessed by the majority of the judges, m
relation to it, ought to he iegarded as funding au-
thority by the Congress of the United States and
all good citizens, \ also listened to the speech of
thegentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] a few
weeks ago, which attracted marked attention, and
will be remembered by the committee, in which,
in speaking on this subject, he said:
" To tiiis claim of sovereign power over the Territories,
as derived from any source, I m ight, as against the Republic-
ans, have conclusively interposed the decision in the Dred
Scott case, wherein the act of Congress prohibiting slavery
in the Territory was bolemnly adjudged to be unconstitu-
tional and void. The decision was full, and proper, and es-
sential. So satisfactory and grateful was it to the South,
there is danger of forgetting one of theoldState-rightsland-
maiks. The Supreme Court is not to be regarded as the
ultimate ai biter ior the decision of all constitutional ques-
tions. ^ Besides the tact that the judiciary can only take
cognizance of technical eases—and there are many politi-
cal questions that cannot bo diawn within its authority—
it should never be elevated above the sovereign parties to
the Cons-titution, who, a.s sovereign and independent States,
having formed the compact, have the unquestionable right
to judge of its infraction. The judtciaiy, us well as the fix-
ecutive, or Iogi«latuie. may usinpdanjieious powers, and is
alike subject 10 the ultimate right ©f judgment by the par-
ties to tile Constitution."
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Currt]
seems to say: I fear these judges, even when they
dccide in my favor; and when, towards the close
of his speech, he said: "history is full of in-
stances ofjudieial subserviency, and political opin-
ions often control judicial conduct, "Ifeltassured
that he had serious apprehensions that the judges
who had expressed the opinions in the Dred Scott
case, already referred to, or others, sitting in their
places, might, when times and the fortunes of po-
litical parties had changed, express other political
opinions, perhaps less satisfactory and grateful
to the South.
I do not wonder at his apprehensions, and I
commend to the court and the country the notice
which he here gives, that the South will not rec-
ognize the validity of the decision of any political
question by that court, unless it shall be, like the
decision in the Dred Scott case, satisfactory to
them. An opinion or a decision of the Supremo
Court of the United States, obtained by any party,
or forany purpose w hie h impairs, in the slightest
degree, confidencc in the wisdom, integrity, im-
partiality, and freedom from sectional or political
bias, of that high tribunal, is purchased at an
awful price.
Mr. Chairman, I deny the assertion of these
gentlemen, that the act of Congress prohibiting
slavery in the Territories has been adjudged to
be unconstitutional and void. I know that, in
the Dred Scott case, six of the judges expressed
or concurred in the opinion that that act was
unconstitutional; but it was the mere expression
of opinion, and no part of the decision. There
is or may be, as every lawyer and every intelli-
gent man knows, a wide difference between the
opinions of the judges m stating the reasons for
their conclusions—the arguments from the bench
—and the points and principles of law adjudi-
cated in the decision of the cause. It is not always
true that the argument from the bench is sound
in all its parts, more than the argument at the bar;
and lie who mistakes the argument for the decis-
ion, and confounds what is said with what is ad-
judicated, may find that he has learned more
bad law than good. The decision of a court may
be correct, and many of the reasons given forthat
decision unsound, many of the opinions expressed
erroneous. It is by no means a new or strange
thing for the judges of a court to express opin-
ions on questions not involved in the decision of
the cause before them. The maxim has long ob-
tained, that it is the office of a good judge to
amplify the jurisdiction of his court; and some
judges seem to think it their office to amplify each
cause before them for adjudication, by expressing
their opinions upon as many questions of law as
possible in its decision. But we must remember
that men are constantly expressing opinions on
all questions, even when they can give no good
reasonfor the opinions they entertain, and no rea-
son atall forexpressiug them. And in this respect
many judges seem very much like the 1 est of man-
kind.
The decision in the Dred Scott case has been
characterized as an ambitious one, and, I think,
justly; for, having within its reach but one negro,
and not an inch of land, it assumed to subjugate
a race, and conquer for slaveiy a Territory with
boundaries as extended as the future expansion
of this Republic.
Mr. Chairman, we are not obliged to grope our
way in the dark through the seven long opinions
which the judges have given in the Dred-Scott case,
