1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than to allow the motion to reconsider to remain
as it is. It could be called up then at any time.
I hope he will withdraw his demand to call up
the motion.
Mr. FENTON. I do withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that to
make the bill a special order will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. It was with a knowledge of
that fact that I objected to its being made a spe-
cial order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone the
consideration of the motion to reconsider is in
order, and the gentleman from Ohio demands the
previous question upon it.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw my call on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. CURRY. That can only be done by unan-
imous consent; and I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be p*|t.
The motion to reconsider was then postponed
until the second Tuesday in December next.
Mr. COBB. Now, for the sake of clinching
the matter, I will move to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to reconsider was postponed;
and to lay my motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALL OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Ml". STOKES, from the Couamittec on Invalid
Pensions, reported adversely on the following
cases; which were laid on the table, and the re-
ports ordered to be printed;
The memorial of A. W. Johnson;
The petition of Daniel Darty, for invalid pen-
sion ;
The memorial of Luther Winget; and
The memorial of Samuel Graws.
GEORGE W. MALONE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Lieu-
tenant George W. Malone; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the "Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
GEORGE VT. ALLEN.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting an invalid
pension to George W. Allen; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
  the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
^ HEZEKIAII IIAYNES.
Mr. LOOMIS, from the Committee on Patents,
made an adverse report on the petition of Heze-
lciali Haynes for a patent; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. RUST, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported a joint resolution giving the
' assent of Congress to certain acts passed, or to bo
passed, by the Legislatures of Arkansas, Lousi-
ana, and Texas, or any two of them, in relation
to. the raft on Red river, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RUST. I ask that the joint resolution
may be put on its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It gives the as-
sent of Congress to such acts as have been or may
be passed by the Legislatures of Arkansas, Louis-
iana, and Texas, for the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of Red river, caused by
the raft in that river. The joint resolution further
provides that when any company shall be incor-
porated for the removal of such obstructions, and
shall have rendered such river navigable, for the
reimbursement of the money so expended, such
company shall have the right to levy, upon boats
or river craft passing through that portion of the
river, a toll not to exceed fifty cents upon each
bale ofcotton,and not exceeding twenty-five cents
upon each barrel of goods, wares, ana merchan-
dise, passing on such boats or craft through that
portion ®f the river for thirty years, commencing
with the 9th day of March, 1860, provided that
nothing in the joint resolution shall be so con-
strued as to give the right to impair the naviga-
tion of Red Bayou.
Mr. SPAULDING. I object to the reception
of that joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was reported
from the Committee on Roads and Canals in the
regular call of that committee for reports, and is
regularly before the House.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move to lay the joint
resolution on the table.
Mr. RUST. I have the floor, and I would like
to know how the gentleman from New York can
take it from me to make his motion ? I reported
the resolution from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and I have not yielded the floor, and I
do not intend to.
The SPEAKER. Thatistrue. The gentleman
from Arkansas has the floor, and the gentleman
from New York cannot take it from him to make
the motion that the resolution be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUST. The resolution has been read
twice. The Representatives of all the States con-
cerned are in favor of its passage. The river is
closed entirely, and navigation is intercepted.
Boats cannot ascend above Shreveport. I cannot
conceive how there can be any rational objection
to the resolution. I certainly do not see why gen-
tlemen from States not concerned should make
objection. I hope, therefore, that the resolution
will be now put on its passage. It docs nonap-
propriate one dollar of money. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUST. I have called for the previous
question, and that motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and decides that the motion is not in
order.
Mr. SPAULDING. I demand tellers on sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spaulding
and Q.darle5 were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SPAULDING demanded the yeas and
nays on ordering the resolution to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. RUST demanded the previous question on
the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
At the request of Mr. V andever , the resolution
was again read.
Mr. SPAULDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
Air. SHERMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. KUNKEL. Has the legislation of Arkan-
sas, Louisiana, and Texas, referred to in the res-
olution, been read to the House ? If it has not, I
ask that it be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that that
is not in order, unless by unanimous consent, the
previous question having been ordered.
Mr. SPAULDING. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Bingham
and Burnett were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tollers hav-
ing reported thirty-two in the affirmative, (more
than one fifth of those present.) _ _
The question was taken; ana it was decided m
the negative—yeas 63. nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cliailos F. Adams, Aldrich, Bealc,
ham, ISouligny, Branch, iiravton, Burhngame, Butterhem,
Carev, Carter, Case, Corwin, Covode, Dawes, Delano,
Ducl'l, EUgertou, Edward*, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, !■ en-
ton, Frank, Gilmer, G.jncfi, Graham, Hickman, Humphrey,
Irvine, William Kellogg, Kilgoie, DeWitt 0. Leach, Lee,
Xiongneeker, T.nvpjoy, Marston, McKoan, Morrill,1 Nix o%
Perry, Pewit, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Itoyce,
Spaulding, Stanton, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Train, Vandever, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, Walton,
Weils, Window, and Woodruff—63.
NAYS—Messrs; Green Adams, Atirain, Allen, wniiam
C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, liarr, Barret, Blair, Bon-
ham, Brabson, Briggs, Bristow, Bufiinton, Durolu Burnett,
Burnham, Horace F. Clark, John B.Ciarlc, Clbptoii, Onbb,
James Craig, Curry, Curtis, Davidson, John 6. Davis,
lie Jamette, Dunn, Eduiunoson, Ferry, Foster, Ganreil,
Gurley, Hale, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hatton, Hill,
Hindman, Holman, William Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jones, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, Lamar, James M.
Leach, LeaKe, Love, Maclay, Mallory, Charles D. Martin,
Maynard, Mcltnight,McPherson, Mcftueen, Mcliae, Mill-,
ward, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Moorliead, Edward Joy Morris, Nelson, Noeli, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Kiggs, Christo-
pher Robinson, Iiumn, Kust, Schwartz, Scott, Sherman,
Sickles, Sirains, Singleton, Stallwortli, Stevens, Steven-
son, James A. Stewart, William Stewart, Stokes Stout,
Taylor, Thomas, Trimble, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
and Wright—101.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
During; the vote,
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Boteler was
paired with Mr. Junxcin.
Mr. COLFAX stated that he was paired with
Mr. Crawford, who was with him on a confer-
ence.
Mr. HILL stated that Mr. Harris, of Mary-
land, was paired with Mr. Davis, of Mississippi.
Mr. LOGAN stated that he was paired with his
colleague, Mr. Washburne.
Mr. POTTER stated that his colleague, .Mr.
Hoard, was paired with Mr. Boyce.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The question rccurred on the passage of tho
resolution, on which the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. REAGAN. I want to say but one word
on this resolution.
Mr. DAVIDSON.. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, A&hmore,
Avery, Barr, Barret, Bouhgny, Brabson, Branch, Briggs,
Bristow, Btireh, Burnett, Burnham, Horace F. Clark, John
B. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Curry, Davidson,
John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, Dunn, Edmuwlson, English,
Feiry, Gartvcll, Gilmer, Gurley, Halo, Hamilton, Harde-
man, Jolm T. Harris Haskin, Hill, Ilindman, l-Iolman,
William Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Lamar, James M.
Lcac!), Love, Maclay, Malloiy, Maynard, McQueen, Me-
Hae, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Moorliead, Nelson, Niblnek, Noell, Peyton, Pugh, Quaries,
Reagan, iUggs, Ituffin, Rust, Schwartz, Scott, Bimms,
Singleton, William Smith, Stallwortb, Stevenson, James,
A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Underwood, Vallan-
digham, Vance, Webster,Whiteley, tViison, Woodson, aad
Wugbt—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Ashley, Iieale, Bing-
ham, Blair, Blake, Brayton, Bufiinton, Burlingame, But-
terfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Corwin, H. Winter Davis,
Dawes, Delano, Duell, Edgcrton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, EUi-
eridge, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Frank, French, Gooch,
Graham, Hickman, Houston, William A. Howard, Huni-
pluey, Irvine, Jones, William KeUogg, Kenyon, Kilgore,
Kunkel, DeWitt C. Leaeii, Lee, Lovejoy, MeKean, Mc-
Kmglit, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon, Perry, Pettit,.
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robin-
son, Sickles, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens. Wil-
liam Stewart,Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,Tompkins,Train,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Vence, Wade, Walton, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Windom, Wood, and Woodrufl—77.
So the resolution was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Killingbr, was paired with Mr. Scott on
political questions; and that he himself was paired
with Mr. Hattoh.
Mr. RICE said: Mr. Speaker, I am willing to
vote for an appropriation to make this improve-
ment, provided it be done under the sanction of
Congress; but I am not willing to pass an act
approving, by a veto of this House, the acts of
State Legislatures. I vote in the negative.
Mr. BONHAM, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BONHAM would have voted in the affirm-
ative,
Mr. DE JARNETTE asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. DE JARNETTE would hare voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. VANCE stated that on the first vote he
was absent in attendance on his committee on im-
portant business.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
