1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
distributed by them, why should they not pay for
the printing out of their own funds? Why come
here ?
Mr. FITCH. That is a matter for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says that they
have this year issued four thousand five hundred
patents; at thirty dollars apiece they must have
a hundred and thirty or a hundred and forty thou-
sand dollars as the year's income. If these people
have paid thirty dollars, I think they ought to
have a copy of the work; but I do not see why
the Senate should pay for them.
Mr. FITCH. Perhaps a sufficient answer to
the gentleman is that the Government, whether
with or without authority of the Senate I cannot
say, has diverted the surplus fund for building
purposes, and they have no money to pay for
these works.
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly they ought to have
money enough out of this fund arising from pat-
ents; but if not, we can make an appropriation
allowing them to use it for that purpose, and then
they can publish it to suit themselves. This body
is the worst possible place in which to perform
such service. I think it would be a great deal
better to allow the matter to be disposed of there.
Mr. FITCH. I would further answer the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island on the question he puts,
as to why the Department does not do this print-
ing, that we have prohibited them from doing so.
They can print none of their reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana will pause a moment. It is very disa-
§reeable to the Chair to call the attention of the
enate to the confusion prevailing; but he must
try to give the Senator on the floor an opportunity
of being heard. The conversation is so loud and
general m all directions, that it is almost impossi-
ble for the Senator to be heard. The Chair ap-
peals to the Senate to come to order.
Mr. FITCH. The several Departments, what-
ever their funds may be, have not power to order
printing. We have taken that from their hands.
The reports can only be printed by the Senate.
They have the power, it is true, of procuring cer-
tain binding, but no printing, except in a very
few specified cases. Certainly this bureau has
no such power.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know whether the
-Patent Office have the power to print these reports
or not; but the Senator says they have the power
to do a little printing. I am perfectly willing that
this report should be printed under the superin-
tendence of the Commissioner of Patents. If they
have not the power, when they come to get an
appropriation made on a general appropriation
bill I am perfectly willing to put in authority to
them to print these works, and so many of them
as they may think necessary—ten thousand, if
they want them; but I desire to keep it away
from Congress. We have heard a great deal of
talk about books and postage, and all that matter.
I want to get rid of the printing. If we keep
voting for printing here, as far as regards the
expenses involved, the reports might as well bo
published as not. This kind of work is one that
involves a great expenditure of money. Let the
Departments who have charge of these reports
print them. If they are short of money, I have
no doubt the Finance Committee will make an
appropriation for them. I am opposed, however,
to the printing by this body.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi, by strik-
ing out two thousand, and inserting five thousand.
I think that if this work is to be printed, we ought,
at all events, to print a sufficient number to sup-
ply the inventors of the country; and, though very
desirous myself to be relieved from the duty of
franking documents of this kind, I think it is
scarcely fair to the inventive genius of the coun-
try that a report of this character should be print-
ed in such a small number as to make it almost
impossible for them to get access to information
which tliey require, and for which, in point of fact,
they have paid. It is due to them, and we ought
to be careful, in our efforts to reform, that we do
not do injustice to a large and meritorious class of
our fellow-citizens. I hope the Senate will leave
in the hands of the Department of the Interior
five thousand copies, which will enable it to sup-
ply a copy to each of its correspondents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana moves to amend the amendment, by
striking out "two thousand, "and inserting "five
thousand;" so that it will read:
That the annual report of the Commissioner of Patent?,
on arts and manufactures, for the year 1859, be printed,
and that live thousand additional copies thereof be printed
lor the Interior Department, for purposes of official distri-
bution.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone this sub-
ject until some future day for two purposes: one
is, that the Post Office deficiency bill may be taken
up and acted on at this time; and for the second
reason, that some action maybe taken indicating
the views of the Senate upon the bill submitted
by the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] to-
day. If that bill passes, then 1 am prepared to
vote against the printing of any^xtra copies of
the Patent Office report. If it does not pass, then
I am prepared to vote for some extra copies for
the use of the members of the Senate, I there-
fore move that this question be postponed, that
the orders of the day may be taken up, and that
we may know what are the views of the Senate on
the subject of the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone to a day certain, or generally
to postpone ?
Mr. GRIMES. Generally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion that the resolution and amendments be
postponed.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote against the post-
ponement. I think we had better dispose of this
matter at once. I wish to give the reason why I
shall vote against the amendment of my friend
from Louisiana, and vote for the resolution to dis-
tribute two thousand copies by the Patent Office.
I would not vote for that, were it not that the ex-
isting law authorizes either House to print extra
numbers. If no one else does, I shall myself in-
troduce a bill—what will be its fate I cannot say
—prohibiting either House of Congress by its
single action from printing more than the usual
number of copies; or limited, if you please, to the
numbers which are necessary for the purposes of
the House for its use.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause a moment. The Chair must at this mo-
ment call up the special order, which is the un-
finished business of yesterday.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to postpone the special
order.
Mr. BROWN. What is the special order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 move to postpone the special
order. I have but a very few remarks to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to postpone the special order,
which is the Post Office appropriation bill, to con-
tinue the business now before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that, if the
honorable Senator from Delaware simply desires
to finish the remarks he was about to make, I shall
be willing to postpone it, to let him finish; but,
if it be generally to postpone the special order for
the purpose of discussing this question, I shall
vote against it.
Mr. BAYARD. I only wish to postpone it
until this subject is disposed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I shall vote against it.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware to move to postpone it for half an hour.
Mr. BAYARD, very well. I move to post-
pone the special order for half nn^iour.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose there will be no
objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent the motion will be considered as modified to
postpone the special order for half an hour.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bajard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Chesnut. Clay, Ctingman, Davi«i, Fitch, Fitzpat-
rick, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Hann, Hemphill, I-Iunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkan&as, Johnson ot Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mason, Nicholson, Pcarce, Powell, Pugii,
Saulshury, Sebastian, Slide]}, Toombs, and Wigfall—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Ciark,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King,
Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—25.
So the consideration of the special order was
postponed for half an hour.
Mr. BAYARD. As I was about to say, when
interrupted by the calling up of the special order, X
shall, if no one else does, introduce a bill to take
away the power from either House to order extra
numbers of any document whatever to be printed.
If that law can pass, I believe it will strike down
a great many tendencies to corruption which exist
in this country. If it cannot pass, then it seems
to me, under the existing laws until it is passed,
the number indicated, two thousand, is as mod-
erate a number as we can well order to be pub-
lished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Iowa, to postpone.,
the resolution and amendments. Are the yeas
and nays demanded ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were demanded, I
believe. If not, I call for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not hear distinctly
what the question was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the motion of the Senator from* Iowa, to
postpone the resolution of the Committee on
Printing, in reference to the mechanical portion
of the Patent Office report, with the amendments
which have been offered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I was going to move to refer
this resolution to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office. I should like to inquire, before
we order these extra copies, what number is
needed, and the purpose and object of this ex-
traordinary number. We print so many as the
usual number—I do not know how many—and
then we print extra copies. I should like to in-
quire of the Commissioner of Patents whether or
not he can get this printing done 
Mr. HUNTER. I only wish to interrupt the
Senator on a question of order, to know whether
a motion to postpone is debatable. I am anxious
to dispose of this question.
Mr. SIMMONS. I discover that those who
profess a great anxiety to get the bill for the ben-
efit of the mail contractors through, vote to post-
pone it every time the question is presented.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask a decision of the ques-
tion of order. Is this motion debatable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, under
the decision of the Senate at the last session.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is a motion to refer in or-
der?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to refer
is not in order. It is a motion subsequent to the
motion to postpone. A motion to postpone has
precedence of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
Collainer, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooiittie, Burkce, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King.
Rice, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Benjamin, Bigler, Bragg, Bright,
Chesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Green,
Gwin, Hammond, llaun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Lane,
Mailory, Mason, Nicholson, Powell, Pugh, Saulsbury, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Toombs, and Wiglall—33.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Louisiana to the ametj^ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is it now in order to move
a reference of this resolution to a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move the reference of this
resolution to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. The object of the proposed refer-
ence is for them to inquire in what mode this
report can be most beneficially and economically
printed. Though on that committee, I have not
made these inquiries; but I know the late Com-
missioner of Patents had a bill drawn in which
there were provisions to do this printing. It is
now proposed to print five thousand copies, in
addition to the fifteen hundred printed as the reg-
ular number—I believe fifteen hundred is the reg-
ular number. I ask how many are printed without
extras ?
Mr. "WILSON and others. One thousand four
hundred and fifty.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am told there are one
thousand four hundred and fifty copies printed
