2676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
June 6,
Mr. RUST moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motioij was agreed to.
X. V. FOWliiE.
Mr, DAWES. I now call up the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the Missouri contested-election
case of Blair against Barrett. Before that is taken
up, however, the Chairwill lay before the House
a letter from the Postmaster General, transmitting
information in relation to the defalcation of Isaac
V. Fowler, postmaster of New York, in response
to a resolution of the House of 15th of May last.
The letter was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to per-
mit me to call up the joint resolution I have re-
ported from the Committee on Printing, reducing
the rates of the public printing. I gave notice
on Monday that 1 would call for a vote on the
resolution to-day.
Mr. DAWES. We will get a vote on the res-
olution in this contested-election case to-day, and
then thegentlom'hn can call up his resolution.
Mr. HASKIN. Will not the gentleman per-
mit to have a vote on the resolution now?
Mr. DAWES. 1 cann t now.
Mr. BARRET. Mr. Speaker, when this case
was called up for consideration, 1 understood the
contestant was allowed to make remarks upon the
floor; and, according to my understanding, the
sitting member is entitled to conclude the argu-
ment after the contestant has finished. 1 would
now ask the contestant if he intends to make any
remarks? If heroes not, I beg leave to go on
with mine.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) -I do not know what
may have been the understanding of the member
from Missouri; but 1 have quite a different view
from that which he has taken. I supposed that I
had the affirmative of this issue before the House
to sustain, and that, by all rules, I was entitled to
succeed the sitting member; and the rule, as I un-
derstand it, is different from what the gentleman
has stated. There are eases in which the sitting
member has concluded, but it has been where the
report has been in his favor, and he had the affirm-
ative. That is the way I understand the rule.
1 have no remarks to make, unless the sitting
member shall malco it necessary for me to reply
to him.
Mr. BARRET. I can cite a c<ise now directly
in point, in which the decision was not in favor
of the sitting member. That was the contested-
election case of Wright and Fuller, of Pennsyl-
vania. Fuller was given the conclusion. There
are other cases to the same effect.
Mr. SICKLES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that, by the rules of the House, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has the right to close
the debate after the previous question is called.
He therefore has, by the rules of the House, the
closing argument: and, of course, the sitting mem-
ber ought to have tho reply to the contestant.
Otherwise, there will bo two speeches against one.
Mr. BARRET. Another remark I intended to
make is, that the gentleman is here claiming a
seat. Let him slio v his right. I will then reply,
and give some reasons why I think he is not en-
titled to it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. This is a subject
which 1 had occasion, as the House is well aware,
to investigate at one time; and I can corroborate
the remarks of the gentleman from Missouri. In
every instance the contestant hashad the open mgof
the case. The resolution in my own case followed
the earlier forms and precedents,and not the later
ones. The innovation had grown up from the con-
testant simply appearing at the bar of the House
for the presentation of his case. Going back to
our earlier precedents, Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,
presented the resolution which was adopted in my
own case, and which gave me the privilege of gen-
eral debate. That had been the custom some thirty
years, from the beginning of the Government, but
had ftilten into disuse for fifteen or twenty years,
anii'Mr. Bocock at first opposed tho resolution;
but after an investigation of the authorities, he
became satisfied that it was right, and withdrew
his objection; and,accordingly, I opened the de-
bate as contestant. Mr. Campbell had the right
to reply; but waiving it, of course I added nothing
to what had been said. I assure the House that
the usage is uniform, and that it is consistent with
the rules of courts of justice. Mr. Blair has the
affirmative; and as he claims the seat occupied by
a member of this House, it is his province to sat-
isfy the House that he is entitled to it; and until
he has made his showing, it does not become the
sitting member to speak at all.
Mr. DAWES. 1 understand the gentleman
from Ohio to say that, according to the form of
tho resolution adopted in his case, it would be
true that the contestant would have the right to
close.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And this resolu-
tion is a copy, word for word, of the one adopted
in my case.
Mr. DAWES. And therefore I suppose it
would follow that tha contestant in this case would
have the right to conclude. That is the conclu-
sion to which I come, and therefore 1 say the
contestant should have that right. The mistake
into which the gentleman has fallen is as to who
is the contestant and who the sitting member.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not see very
well how I could make a mistake in reference to
that matter.
Mr. DAWES. Nor do I see myself how the
gentleman could do it; but the gentleman has evi-
dently mistaken who the sitting member is. I
understand the gentleman to say that he, accord-
ing to the resolution adopted in his ease—which
was framed from ancient precedents, and not from
those of modem days—had this right, which is
claimed by the contestant in this case. He had
the right to close this debate. So I say; and I
say that the resolution adopted in this case is pre-
cisely a copy of the one adojXed in his own case,
according to ancient precedents, which gave to
the contestant the right to general debate upon
the merits of the case; and therefore, drawing the
same inference my friend from Ohio does, 1 say
that the contestant in this case, like the contest-
ant in that case, has the right to do3C the debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Tho gentleman
from Ohio forgets that it is the duty of the con-
testant to open his case first. That is what I did
in the Thirty-Fourth Congress; and I ask the con-
testant to do so now. Then he is entitled, after
the sitting member has replied, to rejoin, if he
desires to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I understand now, too, that he
concedes that the contestant has the right to close
the debate. I do not know that theie is any law
to compel him to open.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. It is very well un-
derstood, in courts of justice, that if a party waives
his right to the opening argument he is not en-
titled to close.
Mr. PHELPS. I desira to say ona word. In
this case, as in all other cases of contested elec-
tions, the House has granted to the contestant the
privilege to bo heard at tho bar of the House. The
onus rests upon him to show that the sitting mem-
ber is not entitled to his seat, and therefore it be-
comes the duty of the contestant to present his
case; and we have not so far assimilated our pro-
ceedings to the proceedings of a court of justice
that we are to have an opening and a conclusion.
The contestant presents his opening argument;
the silting member replies, and then the debate is
continued by the members of the House, if they
desire. Such has been Ihe uniform practice.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have already said
that, according to my interpretation of the reso-
lution—and I know it was so intended in my case
—if the contestant opens his ease, avails himself
of the right, and presents his case fairly, in order
that the sitting member may have the benefit of a
reply, then he may rejoin, if he desires. Bat if
ho does not avail himself of such an opening, and
place before the House the ground upon which he
relies, in order to afford the other side an oppor-
tunity to reply to him, he must be held to have
waived the right to reply at all.
Mr. GOOCH. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio if he does not concede that the
case may have been opened by somebody else in
behalf of the contestant; and therefore that it is
not required to be opened by the contestant?
Mr. "VALLANDIGHAM. I do not under-
stand that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is acting as an advocate. He is the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, and is
discharging a public duty, and not the duty of an
advocate. But the gentlemen from Missouri (Mr.
Blair and Mr. Barret) are here as parties to a liti-
gation, and present themselves accordingly.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I have no objection
to the understanding that I am to open this ilebate,
and then have tho conclusion, after the sitting
member's reply. I have no objection to open
now, and state the grounds of my contcst.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for tho read-
ing of the resolution under which this debate is
to be conducted as between the contestant and
the sitting member.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I want to know if
that is the understanding. [Cries of " No ! no !"
from the Democratic benches.]
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that yesterday,
by unanimous con|pnt,a resolution was adopted
—not presented iir written form—that the con-
testant and sitting member should each have an
opportunity of addressing the House for two
hours. That was the order made. I stand here
to see justice done between the sitting member
and the contestant. 1 cannot concede that there
is any right of opening or concluding to be as-
signed to either side of the case. Tho gentleman
first presenting his views must occupy his two
hours or waive his right. The other party has
also two hours' time in which he may present his
views and his arguments. 1 assert that it is the
duty of the contestant to present his argument at
this time, if he desires to be heard at the bar of
the House; but he has not a right to make a part
of his speech now and postpone the residue to
some other time.
During my service in this body, in the various
cases of contested elections that have arisen,
whenever the contestant has been permitted to
address the House, he has presented his argu-
ment, and the sitting member has replied; and,
so far as these two persons were conceened,there
was the end of that argument.
Mr. LOVEJOY. In regard to this two-hours
arrangement there was no resolution adopted. 1
know that I objected to it distinctly. It was not
an order of the House. It was proposed, but it
was objected to.
Mr. PHELPS. I know that tho gentleman
from Illinois did object tp the proposition. I was
near him, and had a conversation with him. Tho
Chair presented the question again, and asked if
there was any objection to it; and I persuaded
the gentleman front Illinois to make no objection
—to allow the contestant to have two hours and
the sitting member two hours. He did not repeat
his objection when the Chair inquired whether
there was objection to such an order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I think the gentleman from
Missouri does not recollect tho circumstance cor-
rectly.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Missouri
is correct in saying that, by unanimous consent,
two hours were accorded to each of these gentle-
men. The only question is in what mannerthey
shall avail themselves of this privilege. There
seems to be a difference on tho other side of the
House in regard to this matter. The gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandigham,] who has had
some experience, stated how he understood it,
and that was accepted as a construction which
the contestant would avail himself of at this time.
Then the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Piielps]
rises and says he does not so understand it, and
he cannot acquiesce in that construction. Then
the question comes up before the House in what
manner these two gentlemen shall avail them-
selves of the privilege accorded by the House. 1
will propose a motion to the House, if I be per-
mitted.
Mr. PHELPS. You may state your propo-
sition, but you cannot make it now.
Mr. DAWES. My suggestion is, that the
contestant have the privilege of opening and clos-
ing, and that he occupy, in all, his two hours, if
he desires it, and no more; and that the sitting
member have his two hours between the opening
and closing of the contestant.
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the suggestion of
tho gentleman from Massachusetts, I would say;
first, that I am discussing the very point in the
consideration of which he has nresented; second,
