1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
-US
law of the last session, the Secretary appears to
have directed that the embellishments should be
made very small in order to have very many upon
a page. Finding it impossible, however, to bring
Tt within - the limits of our law of last year, the
committee have deemed it proper to restore the
plates to the original size, as they are now so
small as to be scarcely intelligible.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do I understand that this
resolution exceeds the provisions of the lawpassed
last year ?
Mr. FITCH. The law was operative on the
Secretary of the Interior-. It is for the Senate to
say whether it is operative on them or not. The
language of the law is, that the Secretary of the
Interior should sec that the report was condensed
so as to include but one volume. His report
quotes the old laws on the subject; he shows that
the matter required by those laws to be reported,
(and those laws are imperative as well as the law
of last session,) is such, that he cannot condense
it in one volume. Now the question is one of
expediency with us, whether we shall allow the
work to be printed in two volumes.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is this in the form of a joint
resolution, that has to pass both Houses?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if the
Committee on Printing think the Senate can repeal
a law without consulting the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. FITCH. There is no proposition before
the Senate to repeal a law. The Secretary did not
comply with the law, because he found it impos-
sible to do so; and the question now is, whether
the Senate wili print the report or not, when he
failed to comply with the law, urging his utter
inability to do so.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I understand this res-
olution proposes to evade a standing law of Con-
gress, and it is to be carried through one House
without consulting the other. I should suppose
it would be better to pass a joint resolution. If
we are going to repeal a law of Congress, wo ought
to do it by a joint resolution, instead of in this
way. It seems to me that would be more legal.
I have never known an instance where the Senate
undertook to repeal a standing law in reference to
printing, by a simple resolution of its own body.
I should like to be informed, before I vote on it,
whether that is the proper way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair calls up
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. FITCH. I move the further postponement
of the prior orders. At this time I do not think
I shall limit the motion to half an hour. I move
to postpone it until the measure now before the
Senate shall be disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In justice to the
Senate, the Chair has been obliged to suspend the
call of the roll and stop all business until order is
restored in the Chamber. Will Senators be good
enough to resume their seats and come to order?
The Chair will not allow the call to proceed until
the Senate comes to order.
The call of the roll having been resumed and
gone through with, the result was announced—
yeas 35, nays 22; as follows:
YEA?—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bi?ler, Bragg, Bright,
Cheswit, Clay, Cimgman, Crittenden, Davis, Fiteh, Fitz-
patnek, Green', Gwin, Hammond, Hauu, Hemphill, Hun-
ter, Ivcrpon, Johnson of Arkansas. Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Pow-
ell, Pugh, Rice, Saulsbury, Sebastian, Slidcll, Toombs,
and Wigiall—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Clark,
CoUamer, Dixon, Doohttte, Duikee, Fossenden, Foot, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Ilamhn, Hailan, King, Simmons, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—22.
So the motion to postpone the prior orders was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. PUGH. This being a Senate resolution,
it seems to me hardly proper for us to provide
for printing copies for the use of inventors. We
had better adhere to the original proposition to
give the Commissioner of Patents so many copies
by the order of the Senate, and then the Ilo^se
of Representatives, when it orders extra copies,
can give him an equal number. If wc adhere to
the proposition of two thousand, on the part of
the Senate, and the House gives him two thou-
sand, he will have nearly the whole number requi-
site for supplying to each inventor a copy. I
think it would be better for us to order a thousand
copies for the use of the Department, and let the
subject of additional copies for the use of invent-
ors be a matter for a joint resolution; for I believe,
under the law as it now stands, we can order any
additional number of copies within a month with-
out extra charge. I hardly think it is proper for
the Senate to take under its exclusive control the
subject of copies which are to be delivered to in-
ventors. I make that suggestion to the Senator
from Massachusetts, because I am disinclined to
vote for his amendment for these considerations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amend mentto the amendment. 1 he Secretary
had better read it as it has been modified by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary jead it, as follows:
After the word " distribution1" ms=crt:
And that thf Secretin y of the Interior be directed to fur-
nish each patentee foi the year 18o9 with one copy of the
report, and that a sufficient number of copies be printed
foi that purpose, in addition to those aheady ordered by
tins resolution. ' *
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I have
heard the assertion made with some confidence,
that the votes of the gentlemen on this side of
the House had been guided by a motive concern-
ing the Printer of which House would execute
tilts service. I can merely say, for one, that I
have given my votes with as much simplicity of
purpose as is claimed by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] for himself.
J utterly disclaim having any motive of that kind.
I voted for printing nn extra number of copies of
the agricultural report, for the usual purpose of
distribution. I voted also to accept the report of
the committee for the distribution of this work,
] and the extra numbers that were proposed. I
have thought that these two works, together with
the President's message arid accompanying docu-
ments, were publications of such general utility,
so desirable to the masses of the community, that
I was willing to print extra numbers of them for
distribution; and it is my present intention to
stop printing any books beyond these. But, sir,
the vote in relation to the extra numbers of this
work having failed, when the question came up
again upon the reconsideration I voted to recon-
sider, with the hope that still the usual course
would be taken. It seems, however, that another
purpose, of which we were not then advised, has
been entered upon, and that is to confine the
printing to copies for the service of the Depart-
ment itself. "When it comes to this, I wish to
have the privilege of explaining why 1 shall vote
as I mean to do upon that proposition.
We have an appropriation of money*from the
Treasury for what, is called the contingent fund
of the Senate; and the printing of extra copies,
when made, is to be paid for out of that contingent
fund.- In my judgment, nothing shotild ever be
voted to be paid out of the contingent fund of
either House, unless it was for the service that
was wanted for the use of the members of that
House in the disehargo of tbeir official duties.
The printing of bills and resolutions—anything
that is wanted for the use of the Senate in the dis-
charge of the duties of its members as Senators—
is a proper subject-matter to be paid for out of
the contingentfund. So, too, I think it is proper,
if the Senate order extra copies which they them-
selves wish to distribute to their constituents at
home, as that is matter for their own use, for
their own distribution, the expense of it would
legitimately come out of that fund. But the mo-
ment we undertake ta say that we will vote a
service, a piece of printing to be done, not wanted
! for the use of the members of the Senate in the
j discharge of their duties here, and not wanted for
j either House for distribution, then I think there
j is a very great impropriety in gentlemen standing
| here and saying they will vote to execute that
i printing and pay for it out of the contingent fund
i of this House. It is, to my mind, an abuse of
j terms; not an intentional, but a real equivocation,
! to attempt to pay out of our contingent fund for
j that which we do not want in our seats, and we
] do not want to use at all in any way. If the
I public service requires that any such appropria-
i tion should be made for the service of the Patent
: Office, let us put it into an appropriation bill and
pay it out of the Treasury; do notblisk the truth;
ao not try to do it covertly, by trick and con-
trivance, as if we were designing in some way to
cheat onrselves or mislead the community. "Why
this skulking about the thing?
The other day, (I believe it was yesterday,) the
honorable Senator at the head of the Committee
on Military Affairs proposed to us to print a cer-
tain military work, probably of great value,, of
which he is a much better judge than myself. No
doubt he thinks it of great value to the public ser-
vice. That proposition was rejected by the Sea-
ate. I do not knowfor what reason other gentleraea
voted against it. For myself, I voted against it
precisely on this ground: *hat if it was wanted for
the service of the Army and the officers of the
Army, and if it was proper that itshould be printed
for them without their bemg put to the expense
individually of buying it, we should make an ap-
propriation in an appropriation bill of such an
amount of money as would enable the head of that
Department to do such printing as was required
for his Department. I did not vote on the merits
of the publication at all; but because I thought it
was entirely an improper matter to bepaid for out
of the contingent fund of the Senate.
Now, sir, the Printing Committe/come to us
with another proposition. As it is now shaped,
striking out ail the copies for the use of Senators,
or for distribution by them, there being no offer
to restore that provision, the resolution is to print
an amount of the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report solely and exclusively for the use of
the Patent Office itself. Well, sir, why should
that be paid for out of the contingent fund of the
Senate ? I am sure I am unable to see what rela-
tionship it has to it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will permit me,
I will correct him just there. The two thousand
extra copies arc for the use of the Patent Office.
It is to be printed for the use of the Senate in the
first instance, and then the two thousand extra
copies arc to be added.
Mr. COLLAMER. Itall amounts to the same
thing, in rny estimation. The report to which I
alluded as having been upder consideration yes-
terday, was made on military affairs, and I do
not know but that it will be printed as one of the
reports made to the Senate.
Mr, DAVIS. I did not intend to trespass on
the Senator's time to notice that; but I will do so,
if he pleases. I concur with him entirely in the
propriety of leaving each Department to do that
printing which the Department requires. That
was the old system; hut it so happens that we
have undertaken to reform; that Congress has
taken charge of the printing for the Departments.
They no longer have any appropriation for print-
ing purposes. They are restricted as to how they
shall get their printing done—restricted down to
very narrow limits, with a view, no doubt, to
economy, though it has proved to be anything else.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no economy in
that.
Mr. DAVIS. Congress has taken charge of
the departmental printing. It has taken it from
the Executive Departments. Now, it does not
lie well in the mouth of Congress to say wc will
not print, because it is the duty of the Executive
Departments to have their own printing done.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman under-
stands that, perhaps, better than myself; but if
I get at his understanding of it, he seems to sup-
pose that, because a certain course has been en-
tered upon, we have slipped down so far that there
is no receding.
Mr. DAViS. Oh, no. 1 will vote with the
Senator any day to repeal that portion of the law.
Mf. COLLAMER. That law forbids nothing.
I take it now, in relation to the work of which the
gentleman .spoke yesterday, we can make an ap-
propriation to authorize the Department to make
that publication. If it is valuable enough, I will
vote for it for that purpose, and in that way; but
I would not vote to pay for printing it out of the
contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will pardon me once
more. The report of which he speaks is one
which has been a long time before the Senate; and
finding objection made to printing it in the ordi-
nary method, I last year introduced a joint reso-
i lution giving a certain sum of money, much lest,
than would be required to print it undei the con-
trol of Congress, to the War Department for the
