I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOflF 
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Supreme Court and Dred Scott—Mr. Gooch.
Ho. of Reps.
from the land. With what surprise and. indigna-
tion would these men have listened to the an-
nouncement that, when seventy or eighty years
had passed away, the judges of the court which
they were then establishing, as the highest tri-
bunal in the land, would proclaim to the world
that, under that Constitution, the black man had
no rights which the white man was bound to re-
spect, but might justly and lawfully be reduced
to slavery, for the white man's benefit, and held
as a slave, in every inch of the territory over
which the United States had exclusive jurisdic-
tion. These men had done one generation's work,
and, when they left it to their children to free the
Sand from the evils of African slavery, they felt
that they were asking of them no more than such
fathers had the right to ask of children for whom
they had provided such an inheritance. We have
received and enjoyed the inheritance, but the
wishes of the fathers we have neglected and dis-
regarded, Let us not add to our ingratitude by
attempting to blacken their memories.
But the Supreme Court says that the question
as to the jurisdiction of the circuit court is pre-
sented on the face of the bill of exceptions taken
by the plaintiff at the trial; and that therefore,
when that court found Dred Scott to be a slave,
which it did, as a slave cannot be a citizen, it then
became the duty of that court to dismiss the case
for want of jurisdiction, notwithstanding its pre-
vious decision, on the plea in abatement, that the
court had jurisdiction; and that this was a new and
second error, which it was the duty of the court
to examine and correct.
Mr. Justice Curtis says that:
" Since tho decision of this [the Supreme] fionrt, in Liv-
ingston vs. Story, (11 Peters, p. 351) the law has been well
settled that, when tile decimation or bill contains the ne-
cessary averments of citizenship, tins couitcannot look at
the record, to see whether those averments are true, except
so fai as they are put in issue by plea to tlie jurisdiction."
The question of jurisdiction of the circuit court
had been raised by the pleadings, and decided;
and, having been once raised and settled, could
not be again raised in the same trial. There would
never be an end of a case, if a question, which
had been once raised and decided, in its progress,
could be raised again and again, whenever either
of the parties might offer to produce testimony
bearing upon it. Whenever a party in the trial
of a cause, by plea in abatement or otherwise,
raises a question, the court understands that he is
ready to offer all his proofs, be heard, and re-
ceive the judgment of the court. It is as necessary
that there should be a final determination of the
questions raised in the progress of the trial, as it
is that there should be a final determination of
the case when it has been finished. If the de-
fendant relied upon the facts stated in the bill of
exceptions to show that the circuit court had not
jurisdiction, he should have set them forth in his
plea in abatement, and he would then have had
the benefit of them in the decision on that plea.
As he did notdeem it advisable to do so, he could
afterwards use them only as affecting the merits.
Had the judgment of the circuit court, on the plea
in abatement, been correct, its judgment for the
defendant would not Save been erroneous, even
if the facts set forth in the bill of exceptions did
show that it had not jurisdiction; and the only
error of the circuit court, as to jurisdiction, if any,
is to be found in its judgment on the plea in abate-
ment.
It is of course true, that, if the judgment on the
plea in abatement is erroneous, the judgment on
the merits in favor of the defendant, and eveiy-
thing done in the case after the decision on the
plea m abatement, is also erroneous; but it is so
not because of any new or second error subse-
quently made, but because of the error in the
judgment 011 the plea in abatement, which affet ts
and^renders erroneous all subsequcntproceedings.
And the decision of the Supreme Court, that the
judgment of the circuit court on the plea in
abatement was erroneous, and its mandate to the
circuit court to dismiss the case for want ot ju-
risdiction, would necessarily vacate all proceed-
ings of the circuit court after the judgment 011
the plea in abatement. But the Supreme Court
says, in this opinion, that the want of jurisdiction
may appear 011 the record without any plea in
abatement, and then refers to cases where it ap-
peared by the record that the court had no juris-
diction of the subjet t-matter, and cites cases in
which the declarations did not contain the neces-
sary averments of citizenship, to show jurisdic-
tion.
No one will question that the court is bound,
in such cases, to take notice of want of jurisdic-
tion at any stage. But such cases_ furnish 110
authority for the action of the court in this case.
And when the Supreme Court of the United States
attempts to sustain its action by precedent, and
the cases citcd and referred to fail altogether to do
so, I suppose that it is but fair to conclude that
precedents are not to be found, especially if the
attempt is made after a dissenting judge has cited
the authorities which establish the opposite doc-
trine. The careful reader of the opinion of the
court in this case, and the dissenting opinion of
Mr. Justice Curtis, is almost made to believe that
the opinion of the court was prepared with es-
pecial reference to the positions taken by Mr.
Justice Curtis, and for the purpose of dissenting
from them. The internal evidences go far to give
credulity to the report that the opinion of the
court was revised after it had been read from the
bench, and after the dissenting opinion of Mr.
Justice Curtis had been placed on file.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is immaterial to the pur-
pose for which I am principally considering this
case, whether the effect of the conclusion of the
Supreme Court, that the facts stated in the bill
of exceptions showed Dred Scott to be a slave,
should be to dismiss the case, or affirm the judg-
ment of the circuit court in favor of the defend-
ant. Whichever way that may be, the Supreme
Court (lid decide, on the facts stated, that Dred
Scott was a slave. In this opinion seven of the
judges concurred, two dissented, and six expressed
or concurred in the opinion that so much of the
Missouri compromise as prohibited slavery in the
Territory was unconstitutional and void. I pro-
pose now to inquire whether it was necessary for
tho court to pass upon the constitutionality of the
Missouri compromise, in order to make the de-
cision which it did make in relation to Dred
Scott. . ,
And lest some of the worshipers of this de-
cision should be shocked at such an inquiry, let
me state that this case had been once tried before
the Supreme Court of the United States, and,
although the argument had been pressed at tho
bar, that that act was unconstitutional, still the
court did not deem it necessary to adjudicate upon
it, and the opinion of the court was agreed upon,
and reduced to writing, withoutan allusion to that
question, and may now be found among the opin-
ions of the judges, still bearing indubitable marks
of having been prepared as and for the opinion
of the court. And it was not until two of the
judges dissented from the opinion of the majority
of the court, that Dred Scott was a slave, and pro-
posed to publish their opinions, that the majority
felt it to be necessary to cxpiess opinions in re-
lation to the constitutionality of the Missouri
compromise.
It was then that the court ordered the case to be
reargued, for the purpose of ascertaining whether
it could be made to appear that that act was un-
constitutional; and even then three of the same
judges were unable to concur in the opinion that
that act was unconstitutional. The agreed state-
ment of fact, so far as it relates to Died Scott, is
as follows:
"In the year 1634, the plaintiff was a negro slave belong-
in" to Dr Emerson. w ho \vn^ a surgeon in tho Army ot the
United States. In that ycai, said Di. Emerson took 1
the plaint,ft fiom the State ot ati*sonii to the imhuiy post ;
at Jtock Island, intbe State o! Illinois, and held bun thete
as a Slave until the month of April or May. 1836. At the !
; time last mentioned, said Hi Elite son remoiedthoplaintilt
i fioin said imlnaiy post at K".-K t-iai.d rn the nnl.taiv po-.t !
■ at Fori snellins, siln,He on the wesl haiikol the Mississippi j
I liver. 111 the ten nor} knmvii as ITpp"r Louisiana, .icijUHOd t
bv the Cnited States ot Fiance, and situate no: thor ui" Ian- ;
I tilde of 30" 3J'noith. and north ot the State ot IVIissouu i
! Said Di Emer-on held the plamulTin s-laveryat I'V.itSncJ j
' Hnn fiom said last mi'iil inned date until the year ;
- " In fheveai tlie piamtltl', at said Foiti?ncl!iii£, with ,
! the con~entot saidlJt. Emerson, who then claimedto he Ills |
i master and ovvnet, man led. j
1 "IJefotethe commencement ofthis suit, said Dr bmersoii (
' sold and conveyed tue plaintili to the de'ondant a- asia^e, |
| and the defendant has eve/ -mec claimed to hold lull as a j
i "'"it is agreed that Died Scottbrou^litsuitforhisfreedom 1
I ill the circuit couit of .St. Louis couuty; that there was a
verdict and judgment in his favor; that on a writ of error to
the Supreme Court, tho judgment below was reversed, arid
the same remanded to the circuit court, where it has been
continued to await the decision of this case."
It is wholly unnecessary to refer to that part
of the agreed statement of fact which relates to
the wife and children: first, because the court dis-
missed the case, for the reason that it found Dred
Scott to be a slave, and, therefore, nd't a citizen;
second, because, being a slave, he could not hold
the legal relation of husband or father; and,- con-
sequently, nothing was or could have been decided
as to the rights or status of the alleged wife and
children. And, for the purpose for which I atfi
considering it, and for all other purposes, they
may be regarded as wholly out of the case.
Now, as this case had been decided by the.
supremo court of Missouri, let us consider the
grounds on which that court rests its decision:
" The States of this Union, although associated for some
pui poses of government, yet, in relation to their municipal
concerns, have always been regarded as foreign to each
other. The courts of one State do not take judicial notice
of the laws of other States. They, when it is necessary
to be shown what they are, must be pioved like other facts.
So of the laws of the United States, enacted for the mere
purpose of governing a Territory. These laws have no force
in tlie States of the Union -, they are local, and relate to the
municipal affairs of the Territory." * * * *
"Their effect is confined within its limits, and beyond those
limits they have no more effect, in any State, than the mu-
nicipal laws of one State would have in any other State."
* * * * "Every State has theiight of determ-
ining how far, in a spirit of comity, it will respect the
laws of other States. Those laws liave no intrinsic right
to be enforced beyond the limits of the State for which they
were enacted. The rcspcct allowed them will depend al-
together on their conformity to the policy of our institu-
tions. No State is bound to carry into effect enactments
conceived in a spirit hostile to that which pervades her own
laws." .** *  * «
" It is a humiliating spectacle to see the courts 01 a
State confiscating the property of her own citizens by the
command of foreign law. If Scott is lreed,by what means
vvu-Ai principle, requires t. — -—— - 
not those governments capable ot'enforcing their own laws,
and it they are not, are we concerned that such laws
should he oni'oiced, and that, too, at the cost of our own
citizcns? States, in which an absolute prohibition of sla-
very prevails, maintain that if" a slave, with tho cfflUent of
his master, touch their soil, he thereby becomes fiee. The
prohibition in the act commonly called the Missouri com-
promise is absolute." * * * * "Noyv, are
we mepared to say that we shall suffer those laws to be en-
forced in oui courts? On almost three sides the State of
Missouu is surrounded by free soil. If one of our slaves
touch that soil, with his master's assent, he becomes enti-
tled to Ins freedom. If a master sends his blavc to hunt
his hordes ot cattle beyond the boundaiy, hhall he theieby bc_
liberated? But our courts,it is *aid, will not go t-o far. It
not go the entire length, why go at all? Ihe obligation to
cnfoice to the proper decree is as obligatory a^ to entorco to
any dp^ree. Slavery is introduced bv a continuance m tho
Tetntdry for six hours as well as for twelve months; and
so far as our laws aie concerned, the offense is great in
the one case as in the other. Laws operate only within
The territory of the State for which they ate made, and, by
enforcing them here, we, contraty to all principle, give
them an extra-territorial effect."—15 Missouri Reports.
Here we find that this court decided that. Scott
was still a slave, not because the laws of the Ter-
ritory and the laws of Illinois did not entitle him
to his freedom whilst he remaint d in the Territory
and in that State, but because tho State of Mis-
souri would not recognize or give any force or
effect to those laws. "Accordingto this decision,
the master may take his slaves Irom the State of
Missouri into every country and undi r the juris-
diction of every Government oil earth—still his
status as free or slave is not changed thereby,
when he is again brought into the State of Mis-
souri. The Supreme Court of the United States
says that the question of Dred Scott's right to
freedom must be determined by the laws of Mis-
souri as interpreted by her courts, and states the
case thus:
<< V. Peon ivas a slave when tnk^n into the Stat" of Illi-
nois'hv Ins ownei, and was th"re held as Mich, and hi ought
back in that chaiactci. Iih I roe 01 slave, uependeu
on the law > of Missouri, and not 01
Now, if his static as free or sla\e depended
; wholly upon tho laws of Missouri, and not at all
I unoi) the laws of Illinois, notwithstanding Iiir
' previous residence of two yws in Illinois, for tho
i same reason his status as free or slave depended
' wholly upon the laws of Missouri, and not at all
upon the laws of the TerritfPry, notwithstanding
his previous residence of two years in the Terri-
tory, and it is wholly immaterial to tho decision
of this case, what the laws of Illinois and the
