1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
some instances, that cattle were taken without
pay by the regular troops. The condition of the
Territory was such at these periods as to invite
there the lawless and abandoned, who committed
depredations with impunity upon these Indians.
During* the month of February, 1860, these In-
dians held a council at their council-house, at
which time and place the statement upon which
the bill is based—of the loss sustained by each
individual—was taken under oath, and what was
supposed to be the necessary corroborating proof
adduced, as required by law. These Indians
claim that the payment of these damages is guar-
antied by the sixteenth section of the general in-
tercourse act of June 30,1834, " to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribes,"&c., and
also treaty stipulations contained in the treaty of
May 10, 1854, made with this tribe.
The sixteenth section of the act of 1834, (vol.
4 United States Statutes at Large, p. 729,) pro-
vides as follows :
"That where, in the commission, by a wliite person, of
any crime, offense, or misdemeanor, within the Endian
country, the propeityof any friendly Indian is taken, in-
jured, or destroyed, and a conviction is had for such cume,
offense, or misdemeanor, the person so convicted shall be
gentenced to pay to such friendly Indian to whom the piop-
erty may belong, or whose pet son may bo injured, a sum
equal to twice the just value of the piopcity bo taken, in-
jured, or destroyed. And if such offender shall bo unable
to pay a sum at least equal to the just value or amount,
whatever such payment shall fall short of, the s une shall be
paid out of the Tieasury ol the United States : Provided,
That if such offender cannot be apprehended and brought
to trial, the amount of such propciiy shall be paid out ol
the Treasury as aforesaid."
The twelfth and fourteenth articles of the treaty
of 10th May, 1854, volume 10, page 1053, United
States Statutes, are as follows:
"The Shavvnecs acknowledge their dependence on the
Government of the United States, and invoke its protec-
tion and care. They will abstain ftom the commission of
depredations, and comply, as far as they are able, with the
laws in such cases made and provided, as they will cxpcct
to be protected and to have their rights vindicated. If,
from causes not now foreseen, this instrument should piovo
Insufficient lor the advancement and protection of the wel-
fare and interests of the Shawnecs, Congiess may here-
after, by law, make Mich further piovision, not inconsistent
herewith, as experience may prove to be necessary to pro-
mote the interests, peace, and happiness of the Shawnee
• people."
Ail the papers in this case, embracing the proofs,
were presented to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, with the request that he examine them
and then make such report and suggestions as he
thought proper. The papers were accordingly
examined by the Commissioner, and sent back,
accompanied by a report and recommendation
that relief be granted.
Mr. TOMPKINS. The bill was drawn up by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for consideration.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I demand the previous
question on the engrossment and third reading of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
SPENCER & HUBBARD.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee of tho
Whole House be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 221, for tho relief of
A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard, in order
that the bill be now put on its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill has passed
the Senate unanimously, and has been favorably
report^ upon by a committee of this House.
Mr. BRANCH. Can the gentleman inform
the House how much money will be appropriated
under the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot. I am not
a member of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, from which the bill was reported.
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois. If the bill and
report be read, the House will be put in posses-
sion of the facts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are two favor-
able reports; one from the Senate, and the other
from a committee of this House.
Mr. KEITT. Their reading will take up all
the morning.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are short.
The bill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General to pay to A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S.
Hubbard, for carrying the United States mail from
Chicago, Illinois, to Mackinac, Sault Ste. Marie,
Marquette, Copper Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle
River, and Ontonagon, Michigan; La Pointe and
Superior, Wisconsin, during the years from 1854
to 1859, inclusive, in all cases where it is shown
to the satisfaction of the Postmaster General that
said mail was carried by authority of the post-
masters or agents of the Post Office Department,
and without a contract with said Department, an
amount equal per trip to that allowed by the De-
partment, under contract, last season, to tho own-
ers of the steamers North Star and Illinois, per-
forming similar trips between Detroit, Michigan,
and the same ports upon Lake Superior.
It appears from the reports of the committees,
which were read, that at the special request of spe-
cial agents and postmasters of the Post Office De-
partment, these parties transported the United
States mails in their steamboats between the city
of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, and the several
ports on Luke Superior, from the year 3854 until
1859, during the season of navigation, for which
they have not been compensated.
They represent that this service was performed
at the special instance and request of the agents of
the Post Office Department, with the distinct un-
derstanding that an allowance should be made to
them equal to that awarded by the Government
for service of a similar character, and thot they
should be adequately compensated therefor.
Tho evidence of the efficient character of the
service rendered by the memorialists is clear and
satisfactory; and it is also clear that it was under-
taken and performed at the request of the acknowl-
edged agents of the Post Office Department who
had charge of the same.
Mr. BRANCH. I repeat my question. Can
the gentleman from Illinois inform the House
how much money will be appropriated under the
bill ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iundertandthatit will
not exceed |10,000. The Post Office Department
has specially contracted with these parties to carry
the mail as provided for in this bill. They are this
day carrying the mails between the points named,
for which they are being paid at the rates provided
for in the bill. The hill provides that the Post-
master General shall pay them for like services
which they have rendered without remuneration,
at rates not higher than those they have now con-
tracted for.
Mr. BRANCH. Mv reason for asking the
question is, thaton Frmay last, (I believe it was,)
we passed a bill, couched in phraseology a good
deal like this, under which I am informed the par-
ties will get more than eighty thousand dollars;
and I am further informed that, immediately after
the rendition of the service, the parties did not
claim from the Post Office Department but $10,000;
that they subsequently went to the Court of Claims
and asked for $25,000; and that, Under the bill
passed last Friday, they willget more than eighty
thousand dollars. I know that it is useless to op-
pose these bills; and I will not trouble myself fur-
ther to do so, than to call to the attention of the
House such a fact as that which I now state.
Mr. HUGHES. Has this bill received the ap-
probation of the Post Office Department >
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will state that the
Department has approved it to the extent of mak-
ing a contract with these parties to perform the
same service at the same rate.
Mr. IIUGHES. That strikes me as a different
question. It seems tome that we are about to
adopt a most dangerous principle. If I under-
stand this case, the anangement was made by
subordinate agents, without the approval of the
Post Office Department. How can the head of
that Department conduct the affairs of the Post
Office, if subordinate agents and petty postmasters
are to enter into contracts which are to bind the
Government of the United States? It is impos-
sible, if that be allowed, that the Committee of
Ways arid Means, or the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, can say what will be the
cost of carrying the mails ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In this case the Post
Office Department authorized this agent to con-
tract with this company for carrying the mail.
They carried the mail in good faith, and they ask
the pay which is usually alioVed for the perform-
ance of like services.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I wish to say,
with tho consent of tho llousc, thnt the pcntloinan
who reported this bill infoims me that it is in proof
that tho Department did authorize an individual
to contract with this company, and that lie did so
contract under the direction of the Department.
Mr. BRANCH. Then why is it that they can-
not get their pay from the Post Office Department?
Mr. HELMICit. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from Illinois misunderstood my statement
to him in reference to this matter.
Tellers were railed for on the motion to suspend
the rules; and being ordered, Messrs. Branch and
Buffinton were appointed. *
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy, noes not counted.
Two thirds of a quorum not voting in favor
thereof, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
NAVIGATION OF TIIE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BOULIGNY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; wliich was read,
considered, and agreed to:
li,csolvcfI} That the Secretary of War bo requested to report
to tln*> House the entne action of hi-< Impairment in reier-
enco to an appiopuatton made by tho fn\,t i-ection of an act
entitled "Au act to icmove oh «n actions to navigation in the
mouth of the Mississippi ttver, fit the Southwest Pass and
Pass h rOntnV' passed Feb. nary 8, 1836. and pameulaily
the terms and conditions oJ arty eontiact or contract- made
for deepening the channcl o<"the Mississippi riv-r, and when
and with whom mndo.iind whothei the said contiactoi eon-
tiacts have bQcn fulfilled, and the j-aui channel deepened and
kept open ; and I hat the said JSecretaiy of War he limber re-
quested torepoitto this House by wit.it authority he, on the
4th oi January, 1838, modified the conuact oreontiaets en-
tered into foi deepening the channel of tho Mississippi lirer,
by duninislun? the depth icquired to be obtained by the
teims of said contract or conn.iets, and by extending the
tune stipulated i'or the peilo: munce of the work contracted
for; and a I ■so, il'the whole or any paif of the appropriation
made by the s.aid act lms been paid out of the Treasury under
the said contract c^contiacts; and, if so, then to report spe-
cifically the payment or payments made ; and if* more than
one payment has boon made, to report the amount ot each
payment, the time when it was made, to whom paid, and
upon whose order; and that the said Secretary of War be
further requested to transmit to this House copies of any
rcccipt or receipts given for the said payment or payments,
and of any paper showing on whose application, or at whose
instance, the &aid payment or payments were made.
KERR, lilUEKLY & CO.
Mr. WOODSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 432) for the relief
of Kerr, Brierly & Co., and to put the same on
its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to hear the bill
and report read.
The bill, which was read, requires the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Kerr, Brierly & Co.,
the sum of $20,135, for damages sustained by
them on account of destruction and loss of stock
and other property consequent upon the hostility
of the Sioux Indians, growing out of the battle of
Ash Hollow, near Fort Laramie", in Nebraska
Territory, on the 23d of August, 1856.
From the report it appears that, for several
yeais, and up to the 23d of August, 1856, the
Sioux Indians were entirely peaceable and friendly
to the trains crossing from Missouri to Utah and
California, and not in the least predatory upon
them, but, on the contrary, rendered the trains
frequent and valuable aid. The Pawnee Indians
had exhibited appearances of hostility, and fears
were entertained by travelers that they would
commit depredations upon trains crossing on their
way to Utah and California, especially upon trains
freighting merchandise. From information upon
file at the Indian bureau, it seems that hostile
meetings had taken place between small parties
of the Sioux and Pawnees, and this added to tho
uneasiness of emigrants and merchants.
In order to keep the hostile Indians quiet, Gen-
eral Harney, with a strong dctachmont of United
States troops, was sent into the Indian country;
and while on the march out, and when he wo a
near the Blue Water river, or Ash Hollow, as it
is sometimes called, the Sioux, desirous of ex-
pressing to him their pacific intentions, and fear-
ing that some of their tribe might inadvertently
be treated with harshness, sent a deputation, at
the head of which was Little Thunder, their chief,
