mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
havq only to reply that those rules do not apply
here at all. It is not under those rules that this
discussion is to take place.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
gentleman to order. I want to see if it is possible
ever taget any business done here. I object to
all of"this, debate, and I hope it will be stopped.
Mr, BRANCH. I hope that the whole of the
resolution will be read. I want that portion of it
rend which authorizes each of these parties to
speak for two hours.
Mr. WINSLOW. There is no such resolu-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH. I am informed that there is
no such resolution. So, then, we seem to be pro-
ceeding on an erroneous basis.
Mr. GARTRELL. It was done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has risen upon the floor and stated that he
objected. Therefore it cannot have been done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HICKMAN. Have I the right to object
to this discussion under a call of the previous
question?' If it is proper for me so to do, then I
object.
Mr. BRANCH. "I have not discussed the mat-
ter, anil I do not intend to. I have risen to a ques-
tion of privilege. I call again for the reading of
the resolution, which I have a right to have read.
I will at no time willingly violate the rules of this
House.
The SPEAKER. If there is any such resolu-
tion here, it will be read.
Mr. BRANCH. I am informed that there is
no such resolution, and that we are proceeding
under the general rules of the House. Those
rules confine members to an hour each; and they
do not allow those to address the House who are
not members.
The SPEAKER. There is no such resolution
as has been referred to, extending to the contest-
ant and the sitting member two hours each in
which to address the House in this case. It is a
violation of the rules to adopt the resolution pro-
posed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
unless by unanimous consent. So the Chair
decides.
1 take an appeal from the
Mr. HICKMAN,
decision of the <Shair.
Mr. WINSLOW.
laid upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN.
I move that that appeal be
Whoever wants to speak
first, let him proceed. We will hear him. If the
contestant wishes to speak first, let him go on;
and if the sitting member wants to speak first, let
him go on.
Mr.BURNETT. I thinkthatlwas recognized
by the Chair after the decision on my point of
order. If I am entitled to the floor, I want to
occupy it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I suggest that we have no
speeches at all on the subject. I do not think that
speeches will influence a single vote. I think
•that the House is now ready to vote on this sub-
ject.
Mr. DAWES. If nobody wants to speak, then
I call for the previous question on the resolutions
reported from the committee.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to know from the
Cliair why, when he lias rccognized one mem-
ber, he allows half a dozen other members to rise
and take the floor from him?
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman has no right
to address the Chair. I have taken an appeal
from the decision of tho Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to yield to me the floor. I have a propo-
sition to make which, I think, will meet with the
approval of the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. Nogcntleman is entitled to
the floor pending the appeal which I have taken
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman insist
on his appeal?
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 do.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman had not the
floor. I think that I was recognized.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 have taken an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to submit to the Chair
and to the House a proposition, to which I think
there will be no objection. Give the contestant
one hqur to open, then two hours to the sitting
member, and one hour to the contestant to close.
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. That proposition is agreed
to.
Mr. PHELPS. Let me state my proposition
distinctly. I want no-misunderstanding of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the gentleman
proceeding until the appeal from the decision of
the Chair is disposed of. I move that that ap-
peal be laid upon the table; and on that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to withdraw
my appeal, provided the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman withdraws
his appeal, very well. If not, I insist on my mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
Mr. PHELPS. Pol' the purpose of terminat-
ing this contest, I submit this as my proposition:
that the contestant shall have one hour to address
this House in support of his claim, in which it is
expected he will present the points upon which
he relies, then that the sitting member shall have
two hours to argue his case, and that the contest-
ant shall have one hour to reply. [Cries of
"Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw my appeal.
The SPEAKER- Is there objection- to the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri ?
Mr. BONHAM objected, but immediately af-
terwards withdrew lus objection, on information
just given to him.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object.
Mr. SICKLES. 1 wish to put a question to
the gentleman from Missouri. Is it his proposi-
tion that the debate shall then close? if not, I
objcct.
The SPEAKER. Nothing has been said about
closing the debate.
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the gentleman from
New York, I have this to s&y. When I use the
term " close the debate," I refer to the contestant
and tho sitting member. I have no right to say
when the members of this House shall close the
debate. I have no right to make any such prop-
osition.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Missouri?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will state that the sitting
member [Mr. Barret] agrees to the proposition
of thegentleman from Missouri; and I do notsee
why the gentleman from New York should ob-
ject. ,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is one ques-
tion before this House which seems to absorb the
feeling and judgment of all gentlemen upon the
floor, and that is the contest between the sitting
member and the contestant.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to this debate. It
is all out of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am speaking to
the merits of this controversy.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House; and this debate is not in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. As there is no question be-
fore the House, my point of order is, that the
gentleman is not speaking to any matter properly
before the House.
Tho SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
Ereposition which has been made ? The Chair
cars no objection. \
Mr. SiClvLES. There were several objections
made. I objected myself, and my colleague
[Mr. John Cochrane] did also. ["Too late."
" Too late."]
Mr. ADRAIN. As the gentleman from New
York is, I know, desirous to facilitate the busi-
ness of tho House, I am sure he will yield his
objection, and allow tho gentleman from Missouri
to proceed.
Mr. GARTRELL. As a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, I ask the privilege of saying
just one word. I am a little surprised that gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House should object
to an arrangement proposed by the sitting mem-
ber. I know the sitting member desires no ad-
vantage in this case, and I know he is willing to
accord to the contestant one hour in conclusion.
Now, I hope the gentlemen upon this side, one
and all, will at once withdraw their opposition,
and allow the contestant to speak one hour, the
sitting member two hours, ana the contestant one
hour in conclusion; and then the rest of us will
have something to say upon the matter. And I
call the previous question upon it.
Mr. SICKLES. The gentleman cannot call
the previous question upon a proposition which
is not yet before the House. I desire to say one
word in explanation of my objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. SICKLES. I have the floor, and do not
yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not care if the gentle-
man has the floor. I make the point of order,
that under no rule of the House is his objection
debatable.
Mr. SICKLES. No objection has been inter-
posed; and the whole question is open to debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
Eoint of order. The question has been spoken to
y several gentlemen; and a few remarks to the
same point are not out of order. The Chair can-
not stop one gentleman when other gentlemen
have been permitted to proceed.
Mr. SICKLES. I wish to explain the point of
view in which I made the objection. If this is to
be regarded as an arrangement between the parties
to this contest, and only such an arrangement, I
have no objection to it; for whatever agreement
they may make, it does not become me to dissent
from it. I only object to the arrangement with the
view that it may not be deemed and regarded as'
a precedent to be followed hereafter; fori cannot
believe that it is a just and proper one to be fol-
lowed .
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it to
be a personal arrangement—a proposed compro-
mise; and that it is not to stand as precedenthere-
Mr. PHELPS. You are right, Mr. Speaker,
in your understanding of the matter. I made it
as a proposition which I believed would meet the
approval of the contestant and of the sitting mem-
ber. Each of them, by the arrangement made
yesterday, is entitled to two hours to speak,
although we find no record of that fact upon the
Journal of the House. But I submitted it as a
proposition to which I believed the contestant
would accede, and which I knew the sitting mem-
ber would accept, and not with the expectation
that it is to be considered hereafter as a case gov-
erning contested-election cases.
Mr. SICKLES. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If there be no ob-
jection, I wish to say a word. I interposed an
objection, not in respect 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Letmesay aword
before the gentleman from Ne w York says a word.
[Laughter.] Does Mr. Barrett accept this ar-
rangement? ["Yes!" "Yes!"]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I might object to
any arrangement between any two individuals
upon this floor, out of regard to the dignity of the
House, which requires that we shall proceed,not
under forensic rules, but under parliamentary
rules, in respect to the interests of the nation; but
as I understand that it is tho wish of the House
that this should be a temporary arrangement, I
will withdraw my objection thereto, with a pro-
test that it shall not hereafter be drawn into a par-
liamentary precedent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall object, unless I
can have it arranged to suit me.
Mr. DAWES. Have I the floor? -
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman as having the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Unless I can have an
understanding which satisfies me, I shall object.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know whether there
is any objection to the proposition made by the
gentleman from Missouri. If there is no objec-
tion, I have something to say. If there is, then
I have something else to say. I understand the
gentleman from Georgia to object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Unless I can have an
understanding, I do object.
Mr. DAWES. If that objection is insisted
upon 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Just one word. The
speeches of the contestant and the sitting member
will consume four hours, and then it will be six
o'clock. Now, I want it understood that we
shall not vote upon this question to-night, and
that the previous question shall not be called to-
night.
Mr. DAWES. I would reply to the gentleman
