m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. PITCrll. Allow me to speaicto tiat. I
changed my vote on the assurance that the ques-
tion would "be disposed of in a few moments. I
did-riot expect a debate of two or three hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall fall into the very
error, and be guilty myself of the very_ fault that
t am shaking of, if I continue this discussion,
i have no desire to do so, and trust we may vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I desire to make
an appeal against the hard temper on the other
side of the House. I do know that we look to
Che Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,]
and the Senator from New York, [Mr. King,]
and one or two ■more over there for something
different. There is a great deal of good humor
on the other side of the House; I say nothing
about the pertinacity that may possibly be found
there. The proposition now comes from their
side of the House, and from those perhaps not so
entirely amiable as the Senators to whom I have
especially alluded, that we shall vote now. Out
of deference and regard for the suffering contract-
ors who are not receiving their money, and prob-
ably are not likely to get it very soon, I unite
with the proposition to talk 110 more and vote a
great deal from this time on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
for the information of the Senate.
The Secretary read Mr. Wilson's amendment;
which is, after the word " distribution," to insert:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be directed to fur-
nish each patentee, for the year 1859, with one copy of the
report; and that a sufficient ntimber of copies be printed for
that purpose, in addition to those already ordered by tins
resolution.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi as amended.
The amendment of Mr. Davis , as thus amended,
was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if
there be any objection to making it a joint reso-
lution, as it repeals a law? If there is, I will not
offer the proposition.
Mr. PEARCE. It docs not repeal any law.
Mr. SIMMONS. Is it not contrary to the law
now standing? ["No !"] Very well.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator is decidedly mis-
taken. The law is here. I do not intend to make
any remarks.
"Mr. SIMMONS. 1 $kall not move the amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will say, Mr. President, ;
that since I have had the honor to occupy a seat
on this floor, I have invariably voted against all
these printing jobs. I have heard professions
from jjie other side of the Chamber, day after day,
montn after month, session after session, of a do-
sire to stop this nuisance and this extravagant
expenditure. I had hoped that those professions
were sincere. I still hope they are sincere. I
therefore wish the vote taken by yeas and nays,
so as to find who is in favor of these mere jobs,
and who is in favor of retrenching the expendi-
tures of this Government. I have voted every
time, I believe, against the printing of every book
that has been proposed since 1 have occupied a
seat upon this floor, and I am prepared to vote here-
after uniformly against every job that may be
brought before this body.
Mr. CLAY. Eefore we pass from the consid-
eration of this question, in reply to what has been
,said, I venture to assert, and the records will sus-
tain it, that all these jobs have mot with more sup-
port from the party of which the Senator is a
member, than from that to which I am attached;
and that the increased appropriation now comes
from a member of his party. The motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, a short time since
increased the number of reports to be published.
Hence, it comes with very bad grace from him to
arrogate to his party that they are the party of re-
trenchment and reform. Itis all holiowpretense.
it is bare talk, unsustained entirely by their action.
Mr. CHANDLER. I speak for myself, sir.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the -Sen-
ator from Massachusetts allow me to say a word ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Tl;e honorable
Senator from Alabama, with all the respect I bear
him,'has certainly done himself very great injus-
tice, and that is m regard to the amendment of-
fered by the ■Senator from Massachusetts. It was
the universal expression all around this side of
the House when it was presented that that was
but right; it was but justice.
Mr. CLAY. I deny that we acceded to the
printing of so large a quantity as he proposed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do not throw
that on the Senator from Massachusetts, because
there is enough on him now. [Laughter.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamm, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Ches-
nut, Clay, CUngman, Chittenden, Davis, Douglas, Fitch,
Fitzpatriek, Green, Gvvm, Hammond, Haun, Hemphill,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Peaiee,
Powell, Rice, Snulsbury, Sebastian, Slide!!, Toombs, and
Wigfall—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittie, Durkee, Fes^endeii,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Pugh,
Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyefe, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—24.
So the resolution was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on arts and manufactures for the year 1859 be
printed, and that two thousand additional copies thereof be
printed for the Interior Department, for purposes of official
distribution; and that the Secretary of the Interior be di-
rected to furnish caeh patentee for the year 3859 with one
copy of the report; and that a sufficient number of copies
be printed for that purpose, in addition to those alieady
ordered by this icsolution.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The special order now is the
Post Office bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The special order is now before the Sen-
ate, being the unfinished business of yesterday.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1) making appropriations to defray the deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1859, and in part for the support of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
30th June, 1860.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that the bill be reported
to the Senate, if no more amendments be offered.
We got through the amendments yesterday.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the amendments that
were agreed to, were agreed to unanimously. The
only amendments are those which put other mail
contractors on the same footing, and I ask that
the question be taken altogether on concurring in
the amendment.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Virginia is
mistaken. There was one amendment agreed to
which I dissented from and spoke against at the
time.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the Senator except it
then, and we can vote on all the others together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia proposes to concur in the amend-
ments, except those on which a separate vote
may be desired.
Mr. GREEN. I do not know the number of
the amendment, but the section to which it ap-
plies is that in regard to interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read in detail, so that Senators can
understand them.
The Secretary proceeded to read them.
The first amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was to insert, at the end of the second
section:
For wrapping-paper; mail-bags; blanks, and paper for
the same; mail-locks, keys, and stamps; postage stamps,
and stamped envelopes.
The next amendment was in line two of sec-
tion three, to strike out "one month,"and insert
"sixty days;" and in line four, after the woid
" rendered," to insert " but in no case prior to
the 1st day of May, 1859;" and to insert, at the
end of that section:
Resolved, That such interest shali be payable only to the
contractors themselves; and the same is hereby declared
to b:: in full of all damages by reason of failure or delay in
payment, and the same shall be receipted for accordingly ;
but no interest shall be allowed on payments for the last
quarter, ending the 3!st of December, 1859.
So as to make the section read:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That interest, at the
rate of six per centum per annum, to commence sixty days
after the e.xpiiation of the, quarter in which the scrvice was
rendered ; butin no case prior to the 1st day of May, 1859,
to the date of the approval of this act, shall be paid on all
sums found due to the contractors for carrying the mails,
and that a sufficient sum to pay the same be, and is hereby,
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropiiated: Provided, That such interest shall be
payable only to the contractors themselves; and the same
is hereby declared to be m full of all damages, by reason of
failure or delayin payment,and the same shall be receipted
for accoidiogly; but no interest shall be allowed on pay-
ments for the last quarter, ending the 31st of December,
1859.
Mr. GREEN. That is the amendment to which
I take exception. It provides that the interest
paid shall be received as full compensation for all
damages to the contractors. I think that unjust.
It is no adequate compensation. They were com-
pelled to sustain loss by the misconduct of the
Government. When they accepted their con-
tracts, they accepted them with the expectation
and confident reliance that the Government would
meet the payments according to the terms of th
contracts. The Government failed to do so. The
failure is a discredit to the Government. That
discredit forced these contractors to sell their cer-
tificates of indebtedness at ruinous rates.
That is the first objection; six per cent, is no
adequate compensation to them for their losser
and damages, and I would not undertake to coerce
them, because they now need money, to accept
what is not a full compensation for their losses.
It is an attempt in an appropriation bill to coerce
them to receive it, because they need money now.
Pay what you owe, and leave the question of dam-
ages open. Pay what you contracted to pay,
make your appropriation without any of tnese
conditions, that look as if you forced them to give
a full receipt for that which is not full compensa-
tion. That is the first objection.
The second objection is this: the proviso says
interest shall be paid to the contractors. Some
of the contractors have specially, by contract,
sold it to men who furnished the money to enable
them to keep up the mail service—sold the inter-
est as well as the principal. The debt that the
Government owes ought to bear interest. The
question of the damages that the contractors have
sustained is a separate thing from the interest. In
some cases, contractors reserved their right to
interest when they sold the indebtedness. In all
those cases the contractors ought to draw it them-
selves; but in those cases where they specially
contracted to assign the interest, and did assign
it, the assignee ought to have it, because that is a
part of the contract. The idea of trying to get
up a prejudice against bankers and moneyed men
is, I think, beneath the dignity of the Senate of the
United States. I do not know one banker or one
moneyed man who bought a single mail contract-
or 's certificate; but we do kno w that the bankers of
Holland enabled the United States to achieve their
independence, and I do. know that the money-
lenders to the United States Government have
kept our Government from disgrace in many con-
tingencies since. To try and cheat them out of
their just rights because they have bought these
certificates, and-to violate contracts, is a wrong
that I would never perpetrate.
I hope, therefore, the whole of this proviso will
be rejected, and that we shall leave the parties to
stand by their contract. Let this interest go, and
do not exact of the creditors, " if you receive it,
give a receipt in full." Leave the question of
damages open. 1 will remark that it looks mean
in the United States, it looks contemptible in this
Government, to say " we will fix the rate of dam-
ages at six per cent, without consulting you, when
we arc the perpetrators of the wrong, and the
violators of our contract."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, if he will allow mc to do so.
Docs he contend that those contractors should
recover any more against the Government than
they would bo entitled to recover against a pri-
vate individual at law, if they were to sue him ?
Mr. GREEN. I certainly do. The Govern-
ment is not suable, unfortunately.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator intend
that they should recover more than they would if
the Government was suable?
