1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
ated now, ao that they may have the benefit of
our postal system immediately. The object of
this bill is, therefore, to give the people at Pike's
Peak the benefit of a mail service during the
present session, instead of waiting until July for
the bill to pass, and then, perhaps, until August,
before the service'is established. It is certainly
a reasonable proposition, and is only carrying
out the legislation of Congress during the present
session establishing these post routes, and carry-
ing out the recommendation of the Committee of
  Ways and Means, as reported by them in one of
the general appropriation bills, which, as I have
stated, will not be passed until at the close of the
session, while our object is to provide these mail
facilities now.
Now, sir, I will state to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] who has mtimated
that he would object to this bill unless he may
have the opportunity of proposing an amendment,
that if the rules be suspended and the bill brought
before the House, I will give him the opportunity,
before moving the previous question on its pas-
sage, of proposing an amendment, and having a
vote of the House upon it. I will say further-
more to the gentleman from Georgia, that, for une,
1 was in favor, in the last Congress, of appropri-
ating the amount necessary to place service on all
the post routes established bylaw. For I believe
no expenditures made by us are wiser and more
beneficent than those which furnish improved mail
facilities for the people—the only direct manner,
indeed, in which the blessings of Government ar&
dispensed to all its citizens. I am willingjthcre-
fore, that the gentleman may have the opportu-
nity to introduce his amendment; and, as it ap-
propziates only for those new routes which the
Postmaster General may deem advisable to put
service upon, it is certainly sufficiently guarded,
and 1 will vote for it. Now, sir, I call for a vote
iq>on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana one question before he takes his
seat. I will vote to suspend the rules, to enable
the gentleman to bring in his bill; but I want to
ask the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads why it is, when the whole
post office service of the country is being carried
on now without an appropriation by Congress,
except the pittance that we gave them the other
day, when we authorized them to use the post-
ages up to the 31st of March—why it is that he
should be in such hot haste, why he should man-
ifest such eagerness, to provide for the people of
Pike's Peak, and not, at the same time, make pro-
vision for defraying the expenses of the mail ser-
vice in the States? Why are the people of Pike's
Peak to be provided for, without, at least, simul-
taneously providing for the people of the States?
I aminformed that the whole postal service, fiom
Maine to Louisiana, is being carried on without
means and without appropriations; and why does
not the gentleman evince equal haste in having
the regular bill for the post office service of the
country taken up and acted on, so as to enable
the Post Office Department to pay the contractors
for carrying the mails in the States for services
already rendered? I do not object to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana to bring in
this bill; but I would be veiy glad if he would
attach to it a provision for the mail service of the
people of all the States, as well as for those of
Pike's Peak.
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman
from North Carolina with great pleasure; and a
think that after he shall have heard my answer,
he not only will not object to the bill, as he has
indicated he would not, but will become the cham-
pion of its passage; as it will only put the people
interested in it on an equal footing with the other
people of the Union. By the liberality of Con-
gress, in so promptly passing the bill presented
by me from the Post Office Committee, two or
three weeks ago, to pay the contractors of the
Post Office Department, I am informed that the
Post Office Department is now receiving revenue
sufficient to enable them to carry the mails with-
out pecuniary distress, and they are constantly
receiving at the Department the thanks of the con-
tractors for assisting in procuring the passage of
that law. Many of them have been saved from
banlciuptcy; or, if not from bankruptcy, at least
fiom great loss. The Department has been able to
meet its liabilities to nearly all its contractors ex-
cept the railroad companies, and they caii afford
to wait until the passage of the regular appropri-
ation bill.
The gentleman from North Carolina will re-
member that, early after the organization of the
House, a bill waspassed making appropriation for
the service of the Post Office Department up to
the 31st of December last, thus wiping out all in-
debtedness of the Government to the contractors
up to that time. There is only one quarter's pay
due now, which is that due on the 1st of April.
The compensation of these contractorsis not com-
pelled to be paid until sixty days after the expi-
ration of the quarter. If the contractors receive
their pay within sixty days after the expiration
of the quarter, they are considered as receiving it
in time; and the bill which I reported, and which
both branches of Congress passed so unanimous-
ly, allowing the Departmentto use the net income
for the last quarter in the payment of transporta-
tion expenses, enabled them to pay many of the
contractors promptly at the close of the quarter
instead of waiting for the sixty days'grace. We
ask your favorable consideration now to this prop-
osition. The dilTerence between the people of the
States and the people of Pike's Peak in this regard
is, that the people of Pike's Peak are now with-
out mail facilities, without any mail service what-
ever under the Post Office Department; and the
Department has no authority to establish such
service until an appropriation for it has been made
by Congress. With this fact,undenied and undeni-
able, let us remember that they are American citi-
zens, entitled to be cared for in our legislation—
men who are separated by a long distance from
those who are near and dear to them, and to
whom the benefits of mail facilities will be more
valuable than even to our constituents who are
surrounded by their families at home. I trust,
therefore, that we shall, in our legislation, prove
that we remember them and their wants and in-
terests. I ask now for a vote upon the motion
to suspend the rules, so that the bill may be re-
ported to the House and considered now.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana another question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object to all this
debate upon a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BRANCH. I thought I was in order.
The SPEAKER. This debate has bepn pro-
ceeding by unanimous consent, and is not in order
if ol|jeeted to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire, with permission
of the gentleman who objected to debate, to make
this statement.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I understand that; but if
no one insists upon enforcing the rules, I suppose
I have the right to reply to the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. BRANCH. The member from Georgia
is a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and had, of right, preference over me
upon this question. I hope no one will object to
his making a statement.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The state of the case as
now presented by the gentleman from Indiana,
alters my original purpose to this extent: I will
give way for a suspension of the rules and the
introduction of the gentleman's bill, having the
assurance of gentlemen upon the other side 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon my ob-
jection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My object was to obtain
from the party friends of the gentleman from In-
diana 
Mr. SHERMAN. I objected to the gentleman
from North Carolina proceeding, and f must in-
sist on my objection against the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman from Ohio need
not be embarrassed in consequence of having ob-
jected to my proceeding. The gentleman from
Georgia is a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and I hope lie will be allowed to make
his statement.
Mr. COLFAX. I believe the gentleman from
Georgia and I understand each other. The gen-
tleman does not object to the introduction of the
bill, and I agree to allow him to offer his amend-
ment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I could have avoided any
difficulty in reference to the matter if I could have
been allowed to make a statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to further debate.
There being no objection to the introduction of
the bill,
Mr. COLFAX, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to
furnish additional mail facilities; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. It appropriates §25,160 to
be placed at the disposal of the Postmaster Gen-
eral for mail service over the new post routes in
western Kansas, authorized by the act of March
27, 1860.
Mr. COLFAX. I now call the previous ques-
tion, with the understanding that the gentleman
from Georgia may offer the amendment he de-
sires.
Mr. CRAWFORD. My amendment is to pro-
vide that the sum of §400,000 bo appropriated for
th#purpose of putting mail service on the routes
established in 1858. The Committee of Ways
and Means 1 believe, unanimously recommended
the appropriation of this money.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Must not
that bill go to the Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. COLFAX. The rules were suspended to
enable the House to consider the bill now.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The rule
was suspended for the purpose of allowing the
gentleman to report the bill, but not for the pur-
pose of taking it out of the'jurisdiction of the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania did not hear me, I presume. I stated dis-
tinctly, that I moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of reporting the bill and putting it on its
passage.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The rule
was suspended for the purpose of receiving the „
bill. The gentleman could not move at the same
time to suspend two rules. I insist that the bill
must go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. The general Post Office ap-
propriation bilPis now in the Committee of the
Whole, and I hope will pass during the present
week. I think these appropriations properly
belong in that bill. 1 see no reason, therefore,
for passing these appropriations in advance.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The bill is before the
House; and I understand the gentleman from
Indiana to acccpt the amendment I have offered.
Mr. COLFAX. I had no right to accept the
gentleman's amendment. 1 stated that I would
vote for it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I suppose there will be no
objection to its being considered as accepted.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 have none. I will state that
the money appropriated by the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia is for placing mail ser-
vice upon new routes all over the country, estab-
lished by the last Congress.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I make my
point of order. The rules were only suspended
to receive the bill. It is received, and 1 now in-
sist that, under the rules, it must have its first
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, because it makes an appro-
priation. There has been no suspension of the
rule which requires it to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
fax] to be, that the rules be suspended for the
purpose of taking the bill up and considering it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Therehas
not been a word of the bill read. Not a man in
the House knew what it provided. In the name
of conscience, how could the rule be suspended
which required it to go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, when notaword
of the bill was read to the House, so that the
House could tell what it was for?
Mr. COLFAX. My friend fiom Pennsylvania
was not listening. The letter of the Postmaster
General was read first, and afterwards both the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] and
myself spoke on the snbjeet, and stated the con-
tents of the bill. When 1 moved to suspend the
rules, it was for the purpose of taking up the bill
and considering it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I seldom
listen to speeches. I always listen to the bills, from
which I can find out something, while I sddom
ever can from speeches.
Mr. COLFAX. I do listen to speeches, and
