296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Nixon.
Ho. op Reps.
with the Indian tribes." There is no limitin the
instrument itself to the extent of this power, and
it is not confined to any special objects and pur-
poses. It will not do to assert that, as the primary
object in conferring this authority upon Congress
"was to secure a revenue to defray the expenses of
- the Government, there is no legitimate warrantfor
any discrimination which has not the revenue di-
rectly in view. The legislation of Congress, un-
der these clauses of the Constitution, proves the
want of logic in such reasoning. If it be uncon-
stitutional to discriminate in favor of American
manufactures, then it is unconstitutional to dis-
criminate in favor of American shipping; and yet,
since the establishment of the Government, every
act upon the subject recognizes the principle of
protecting our American tonnage against foreign
competition. Why is the whole coastwise trade
of the country confined to American bottoms?
"Why do our registry laws exclude foreign-built
vessels from the protection of our national flag?
'And yet where does the Constitution give to Con-
gress any authority over tonnage which it has not
over merchandise ?
But let us see what the men, who framed the
Constitution understood by this power, " to reg-
ulate commerce." In ascertaining the meaning of
a written instrument, its surest interpreters are
those who drafted it. If the master spirits in that
convention had felt the necessity of some power
under the Confederation to protect domestic man-
ufactures and encourage domestic industry, and
had urged the holding of the convention to get this
grant from the States, is it fair to suppose that
they afterwards failed to incorperate it somewhere
in that instrument? But we are not left to con-
jecture upon the subject. The president of the
'constitutional convention was the first President
of the United States undertheConstitution. Many
of thechief men, who were instrumental in framing
that instrument, were also members of the First
Congress. That Congress was organized in the
city of New York, on the 6th day of April, 1789.
I open the American State Papers, and the first
printed matter in the first volume on finance, is a
memorial addressed to that body, oil the 11th day
of April, and signed by upwards of seven hun-
dred citizens of " Baltimore town,"in Maryland,
setting forth, with force and precision, the evils
to the trade and business of the country since the
close of the war, which had resulted from the
want of power under the Confederation, to foster
and protect manufactures, and praying Congress,
now that the power existed:
"To grant tbem thataid and assistance which alone can
dissipate their just apprehensions and animate them with
hopes of success in future, [>y imposing on all foreign arti-
cles which can be made in America such duties as will
give a just and decided prelcrence to their labors, and there-
by discountenancing that tiadc which tends so materially
to injure them and impoverish their country; and which
may also, in their consequences, contribute to the discharge of
the national debt and the due support of the Government.''
1 appeal to my honorable friends, [Messrs. H.
WintekDavis and Harris,] the able Represent-
atives upon this floor of that same " Baltimore
town," whether, in view of the last sentence, the
ancestors of their constituency are not fairly
chargeable with the inauguration of the doctrine,
now called by some of their children a modern
heresy—that in the adjustment of our tariff laws,
protection is the principal thing, and revenue the
incident?
The next article in the same volume isasimilar
memorial, presented a day or two afterwards from
the mechanics and manufacturers of the city of
New York. After alluding to the disastrous ef-
fects upon (he business of the country, which had
resulted from the excessive importation of foreign
articles, and to their fruitless efforts, under the
Confederacy, to correct them, they proceed to say:
" Your petitioners have ions looked forward Willi anxiety
to the establishment of a Government, which would have
power to cheek the glowing evil, and to extend a protect-
ing hand to the interests of commerce and the arts. Such
a Government is now established. On the promulgation of
the Constitution just then commencing its operations, your
petitioners diseoveied m its principles the remedy which
they had so long desired. They embraced it with ardor,
and have supported it witii persevering attachment. They
vievv with tlie highest satisfaction the prospects now open-
ing and adorning this aut-picious peiiod. To your honor-
able body, the mechanics and manufacturers of New York,
cohvinced that, as the united voice of America has fur-
nished you with the means, so your knowledge of ourcom-
mon wants has |iven you the spirits to unbind our fetters.
Your petitioners subjoin a list of stich articles as can be
manufactured m this State, afid they are encouraged to
commend them to your attention by the reflection that the
countenance of your honorable body to the uselul arts, so
far from injuring other parts of the great political system,
must eventually operate to the general benefit of the com-
munity."
The third article printed in the volume is a peti-
tion from the master shipwrights of the port of
Philadelphia. They claim that before the Revo-
lution the shipwrights of that city had acquired
the reputation of building ships as well and as
faithfully as in any part of the world; that as the
result of this reputation, they had found constant
employment for themselves, their journeymen,
anu their apprentices, by building ships to the
amount of forty-five hundred tons annually,
besides the repairs of old ships; that the Rev-
olution had borne more hardly upon them than
any other class of mechanics, in depriving them
of two thirds of their former employment; that
the British navigation act prevented them from
building ships for that nation; and that the Span-
ish edict of January, 1786, has imposed a heavy
duty on American-built ships purchased by their
subjects; and that, under these discouraging cir-
cumstances,they had waited with anxious expect-
ation for the sitting of Congress under the new
Constitution of the United States, firmly relying
" that every exertion would be used to reinstate
so necessary and useful branch of business as
nearly as possible upon its former flourishing
establishment;5' to effect which, they suggest the
various discriminations in favor of the American,
and against the foreign, tonnage, which now sub-
stantially exist in our navigation laws.
I desire to ask the special attention of the com-
mittee to the next article published in the same
volume. It is a petition of the tradesmen and
manufacturers of the town of Boston, signed by
committees in behalf of the shipwrights, black-
smiths, rope-makers, Ratters, pewterers, soap-
boilers and tallow-chandlcrs, wool-card makers,
ship-carvers, sail-makers, cabinet-makers, coach-
makers, tailors, cord wainers,glue and starch-mak-
ers, brass-founders and coppersmiths, and it ex-
hibits in so clear a light the points that I am
attempting to demonstrate, that I will quote largely
from it.
The memorialists say that
"The great decrease of American manufactures and
almost total stagnation of American ship building urge us
to apply to the sovereign Legislature for their assistance to
promote these important brandies, so essential to our na-
tional wealth and piosperity. It is with regret we obseive
the resources of this country exhausted for foreign luxu-
ries ; our wealth expended for various articles which could
be manufactured among ourselves; and our navigation sub-
ject to the mo>t severe restrictions m many foreign ports,
whereby the extensive branch of American ship building
is essentially injured, and a numerous bodv of citizens, who
were formerly employed in its various departments, de-
piivert of their support and dependence." * * * *
"Youi petitionerr- need not inform Congress that, on the re-
vival of our mechanical arts and manufacturesdcpend the
wealth ami piosperity of the northern rttates; nor can we
forbear mentioning to your honors that the citizens of these
States conceive the object of their independence but half
obtained till those national purpose;* are established on a
permanent and extensive basis by the legislative acts of the
Federal Government. Unless these important branches are
suppoited, wo humbly conceive that our agriculture must
greatly decline, as the impoveri-hed state of our sea-ports
will eventually lessen the dem.ind for the pioducc of our
lands. It would be tedioii<, should we attempt to enumer-
ate the vaiirty of aiticles which could, with the assist-
ance of Government, be manufactured with advantage
among ourselves. Your petitioners, however, wish not to
deceive Congress by boasting of manufactures which can-
not, at present, be carried on to a sufficient degree to an-
swer our demand?; for which reasons, our applications
have been wholly confined to the several branches here-
after mentioned, which are established among us, and
which, by due encouragement, might be extensively pro-
moted. Your petitioners would further mention to Con-
gress that the encouragement of many of our manufactures
depends on a free importation of certain rawmaterials. We
therefore flatter ourselves that the duties imposed on such
articles as are absolutely necessary to forward our several
branches will not opeiate to the injury of the American
manufacture.
" Your petitioners formerly experienced the patronage of
the State Legislature, in their act laying duties and prohi-
bitions onceitain articles of manufacture, which encour-
ages your petitioners to request that heavy duties may be
laid on such articles as are manufactured by our own cit-
izens, humbly conceiving that the impost is not solely con-
sidered by Congress as an object of revenue, but, in its
operation, intended to exclude such importations, and ulti-
mately establish these several branches of manufacture
among ourselves."
Such sentiments, thus clearly enunciated, I have
rejoiced to hear fittingly reechoed in the able
Speech of Boston's honored Representative, [Mr,
Rice,] recently delivered upon this floor.
And how were these memorials received by that
First Congress? Who, among that galaxy of
representative statesmen, denounced them as un-
constitutional? There were Madison of Virginia,
Sherman of Connecticut, Patterson of New Jer-
sey, Butler of South Carolina, Morris of Penn-
sylvania, Langdon of New Hampshire, and others
of lesser or greater note, who had come fresh from
the debates of the constitutional convention to par-
ticipate in the organization of the new Govern-
ment. Surely they understood quite as clearly
as some of the modern lights of practical states-
manship what power the Constitution conferred
upon Congress to foster and protect the indus-
trial interests of the country.
By referring to the Debates of Congress, we
learn that, upon the second day after the organ-
ization, Mr. Madison introduced the subject of
the revenue law to the attention of the Committee
of the Whole, as " a subjectof the greatest mag-
nitude, requiring their first attention and their-
united exertions." It was considered fur weeks
afterwards, day after day, almost to the exclusion
of every other matter of legislation. Whilst here
and there a gentleman might raise a question as
to the expediency of protecting manufactures and
the arts, it does not appear to have entered the
head of asingle member that such a feature in the
bill would be against the Constitution. Nay, as
if forever to exclude such a thouglitfrom the brain
of any rational man, they prefaced this first act
with the following preamble:
"Whereas, it is necessary for the support of Govern-
ment; for the discharge of the debts of the United States;
and the encouragement and ■protection of manufactures, that
duties be laid on goods, wares, and merchandise imported,"
fifcC.
I do not assert that such a bill, passed updei
these circumstances by an almost unanimous vote,
may not be unconstitutional; but I do say, thut
the presumption is the other way; and that it is
passing strange that some one of these distin-
guished men did not discover and denounce its
objectionable provisions. The same preamble is
a most appropriate designation of the objects and
purposes of the tariff bill now under the consid-
eration of the committee.
Mr. Chairman, let me now invite the attention
of the committee to the necessity which exists for
the proposed change. The present national debt,
according to the finance report for the current
year, amounted, on the 30th of June, 1859, to
$60,202,777 66, of which upwards of $15,000,000
existed in the form of Treasury notes, in the
hands of individuals. It is now proposed to bor-
row money for the redemption of these Treasury
notes, and then to make provision for the gradual
payment of the whole debt, by imposing such
duties on imports as will produce a revenue suffi-
cient for the annual expenditures of the Govern-
ment, and to leave a surplus to be devoted to its
reduction. Much has been said, here and else-
where, of the territorial policy of the present
Administration. Many complain of its fierce and
bitter proscription of honest men, in and out of
office, who dare indulge in the pride of opinion
or freedom of speech. Others again deplore the
wide-spread corruption of the public morals, re-
sulting from the abuse of official patronage. I do
not discuss these matters just now, but 1 am clear
in the conviction that there is nothing in the finan-
cial policy of the party in power which should
commend it to the favorable consideration of the
country. Whatdo the annual repoits of the Sec-
retary of the Treasurycxhibit? The Administra-
tion assumed the functions of office on the 4th of
March, 1857. The first report of the Treasury
Department shows a balance in the Treasury,
on the 1st of July, 1857, of $17,710,114 27, and
an existing public debt of $29,063,386 90. The
next report shows the expenditure of this sur-
plus, and that the debt had been increased to
$44,910,777 66 on the 1st of July, 1858. The
report made to this House for the last fiscal year
reveals the alarming fact that the public indebt-
edness on the 30th of June, 1859, had run up to
$60,202,777 66, whilst there remained in the
Treasury, to meet the daily demands upon the
Government, only $4,339,275 54. Deducting this
sum from the balance in the Treasury on the 1st
