1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft'9
Mr. GREEN. I will explain the whole matter
when the Senator is through, if he has anything
more to ask.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; that is the question
I put.
Mr. GREEN. I contend that they ought to
have more—and why? Every man contracting
with the Government, contracts with the certain
knowledge that the practicc of the Government
has been to make preceding appropriations, and
to do it promptly; but when he is contracting
with an individual, he takes his chances of receiv-
ing payment, or going into court and coercing it.
When he makes a contract with the Government,
he knows that he cannot go into court and enforce
it; but uniform practice and constant habit have es-
tablished a rule, to which the attention of the pub-
lic is directed, and hence they will do work for the
FederalGovernmentatlower rates than they would
contract with an individual; and when that Gov-
ernment, having had the benefit of that character
for promptness by having the lower rate, violates
the contract, does not pay the price at the time
stipulated in the contract, 1 think it ought to pay
more damages than an individual would be called
upon to pay.
That is my view of the subject; but whether I
am right or wrong in that, I contend that the loss
sustained by these men was a loss unprecedented
in the history of the Government—a shave of fif-
teen per cent, caused by the action of Congress.
I take my share of the responsibility, so far as
my votes show that I was responsible for it. But
on the other point, where these contractors have
specially assigned whatever interest the Federal
Government should agree to pay to them, it is
mean for us to step in between them and their
assignees, and undertake to say that the contractors
shall receive this interest and not the assignees.
If wo have a right to say that the assignees shall
Hot receive the interest when that has been specially
assigned, we have a right to say that they shall
not receive the principal; but there is no man here
so far forgetful of his own self-respect as to take
that position. If wo do, moneyed men will not
step m to save the Government in times of neces-
sity. We need a credit. To keep up a credit,
we' must be honorable and we must be just. It
is for that reason that I opposed the proviso.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall reply in a very few
words. I do not see that our amendment places
the contractor in a worse position than he would
be without it. This does not force him to accept
the interest. If he thinks his claim for damages
is worth more than the six per cent., he need not
receive it; he may file his petition; he has the
same remedy after the passage of the bill with this
provision that he would have before. It only puts
him in a position which is this much better: We
say that as a measure of damages, we will give
six per cent., which is a high interest for the
Government, to pay; we say, take that as a meas-
ure of damages, and we give it to the contractor,
because he alone can release the Government.
We do not coerce him. We do not say that if he
refuses to take it, and presents his claim for dam-
ages, we will not pay it; but we say if lib does
take the six per cent., it shall be a receipt in full
of all claims for damages. How do we do injus-
tice to anybody? How do we work injustice to
the assignee ? If he has made a bargain to take
it with the interest or without it, that is a matter
between him and the assignor, and they can settle
it in courtor elsewhere. The Governments not
bound to settle their bargains.
The gentleman seems to argue upon the as-
sumption that these certificates bear interest by
law. No such tiling. They can receive 110 inter-
est on them, unless we pass some law to give it.
Now, we say we will give six per cent, to the con-
tractor in lieu of damages. If he chooses to re-
ceive the six per cent., let him release the Gov-
ernment from all claim for damages, and he shall
have it; and if he has made a contract transferring
the six per cent, to his assignee, the courts of law
are open, if he refuses to give it, and the assignee
can recover it. Are we bound to provide prompt
remedies for any suit between assignee and as-
signor ? Notat all; we propose to leave them like
all other citizens; the courts of law are open to
them. We go to the original contract for the pur-
pose of executing our intention; that is, to pay
this money in lieu of damages, if the contractor
is willing to take it, and to require that they shall
be paid to him who alone can give the receipt in
full and discharge the Government.
Mr. GREEN. I understand the whole purport
of this amendment. It is an attempt, on the part
of the Finance Committee, to coerce these con-
tractors to accept six per ccnt. in full discharge of
all their claims. The Senator from Virginia asks
how it can- coerce them. Here they are ruined
for the want of their payment; they are bound to
take this or nothing. What I contend foris,first,
that that is no measure of damage; it is an arbi-
trary rule fixed by Congress, not agreed upon by
the parties to the c-ontraet; and we have no right
to act in this way. When a contract has been
violated by our act, we have no right, arbitrarily,
to fix the measure of damages; it is a judicial ques-
tion, and therefore we ought not to make the at-
tempt to say what the measure of damage shall
be. Who authorized us to say how much loss
was sustained by these men in consequence of our
violation of their contracts ? Who authorized the
Committee on Finance to say it; who authorized
the Senate to say it; or the whole Federal Gov-
ernment to say it?
Again: when we pass from that question, he
says it is a question between the parties—the
assignor and the assignee—and the courts will
determine it. That is so with regard to the prin-
cipal sum; and why do you not make the same
provision there, that the principal sum shall bo
paid to the original contractors?
Mr. HUNTER. Because we owe the princi-
pal sum; we do not owe the interest. We owe
the principal sum under the law; we do not owe
the interest under the law; but we offer to give
that in the way of damages. How do we coerce
any contractor? lie can refuse to take it, and
assert his claim for damages, if lie thinks the in-
terest is not equal to what his damages amount to.
Mr. GREEN. And they could refuse to carry
the mail; but if they had never been able to sell
their certificates, and if it had been supposed that
these obstacles would be interposed to the pay-
ment, not only of the interest, but of the princi-
pal, they would have failed to obtain money on
their certificates, and the result would have been
that the mail service would have beta broken
down-, and a clamor would have been raised which
would almost have driven even this Senate from
its Chamber. In that condition of things, the
mail service could not have been kept up, and we
are indebted to the men who advanced money on
these certificates for the maintenance of the postal
service during the last year.
Mr. RICE. I ask my friend from Missouri if
the contractors are asking for anything more than
their pay and the interest. Do they claim more ?
Mr. GREEN. I do not know what they claim.
Mr. RICE. Let us pay what lsduc them, and
end the matter.
Mr. GREEN. Very well; I claim that this is
due them. First, as a question of law, the prin-
cipal sum agreed upon is due them or their as-
signees; and second, for the deferred payment,
interest is due as a necessary increment to the
principal sum, and that should go to the assignee
111 all cases where it was especially assigned, but
in no others. Third, I say the question of dam-
ages you should leave as an open question, and
not undertake to coerce them to give a forced
receipt, and plead duress when they come into
court afterwards.
Mr. MALLORY. In what shape is the amend-
ment now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Secretary had not got through read-
ing the amendments which were agreed to by the
Senate, when acting as in Committee of the Whole,
when the Senator from Missouri took the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I object to this whole proviso,
and it is open to amendments before the vote is
taken upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator's motion is
to strike out the proviso, I desire, before the vote
is taken 011 that, to move to strike out the first
two lines of the proviso which limit the payment
of interest to contractors themselves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are pre-
vious amendments to be considered before we
reach the proviso referred to. The Secretary was
reading the amendments which had been made by
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, m or-
der to allow Senators to indicate thoseupon which
they wished separate votes.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to get a separate
vote on the first two lines of this proviso. It con-
sists of two propositions.
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. The period Tor
a vote upon it has not yet been reached. It has
been read for information. _ • '
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire a separate vote Upon
an amendment which has already been read. It
is the one with reference to the time to which the
payment of interest shall go back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Probably it
would be better to proceed regularly, and take the 1
question on each amendment separately.
Mr. HAMLIN. X think we shall act more un-
derstandingly if we take up each amendment and
vote upon it by itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
regard that course as the sense of the Senate., The
first question will, therefore,be on concurring in
the first amendment, which was made by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. That amend-
ment is to insert, at the end of the second section
of the bill, these words:
For wrapping-paper; mail-bags; blanks, and paper for the
same; mail-locks, keys, and stamps; postage stamps, and
stamped envelopes. *■
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was in section three,line two, to strike
out the words "one month," and insert "sixty
days."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was, in section three, line
four, after the word "rendered," to insert:
But in no case prior to the 1st day of May, 1859.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the amendment that
I object to, and I desire to call the attention of
the Senate to it in a very few words. You
propose to pay interest on sums which are due
and liave not been paid subsequent to the 1st of
May, 1859. I do not know that there are any
sums of a similar character outstanding before
that time; but if you have a liquidated sum, and
the Government does not pay it, interest should
necessarily follow; and it is as justly due as the
principal itself. If there are sums which were
liquidated anterior to that debt, which the Gov-
ernment lias admitted to be due and has not paid,
I ask why draw this distinction, and say you will
pay interest in .one case on liquidated claims, and
not in the other? There is no rule in the world
that will authorize such a distinction. If there
arc cases outstanding now under the deficiencies
of the year preceding, where your Department
has liquidated the claims, and admitted them to
be due, those contractors ought to have interest
on what is due them, just as much as the men
whose claims fell due afterwards. If this amend-
ment be omitted they will stand alike; I hope,
therefore, the amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. HUNTER. Our object was to put the
contractors in as good situations as they ivould
have been in if the Post Office appropriation bill
had passed last year. If the Post Office appro-
priation bill had passed then, all that was due for
the service of tlie first fiscal year would have been
arranged according to the ancient custom in that
fiscal year. The object of that amendment is to
put them precisely in the same situation ij^ which
they would have been if it had passed then. If
it had passed, they would have been paid out of
that appropriation bill at the end of the fiscal year
for that last quarter. But, as the bill did not pass,
we could not pay them. We now propose to give
them interest from that time; but we do not pro-
pose to go back and alter the practice of the De-
partment. What the state of the facts is, I know
not. I presume it would not be found that there
were cases which had been liquidated before. I
imagine that the Postmaster General applied his
current revenues to satisfy the most ancient
claims, and that the deficiency was for recent
claims—claims which had not been liquidated for
the last quarter. I do not know, but I suppose
that this was the course of business there. At
any rate, with this amendment, the claimant is
left precisely as well off as he would Irnve been
if the bill had passed last year. This is all we
sought to do-—to remedy that evil.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think that is any
answer to the question which I raised. You
made no appropriation this year to pay for your
postal service; consequently the contractors were
not paid. Last year you did not make appropri-
