1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t?89
■when made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
always learn something from them.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I make the point
that it was not competent for the gentleman from
Indiana to include in one motion a suspension
of the rules to take a bill up, and also a suspen-
sion of the rule which requires that a bill making
an appropriation must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.  
Mr. COLFAX. It is done every Monday.
Mr. CItAIGE, of North Carolina. I called for
a division, but I was not recognised.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
the call for a division. It has been repeatedly the
practice for motions to suspend the rules to take
up and consider a bill just as it has been done in
this instance; and the Chair thinks that in any
event the objection to the motion comes too late.
The bill is before the House for its action.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move the amendment to
it I have indicated.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
At the end of the bLH, add as follows:
A pum of .'5400.000 is hereby appropriated, to be applied
en such of the new routes established by the act, entitled
" An act to establish post routes," approved June IX, 1858,
as the Postmaster General may deem advisable.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand that that provis-
ion is reported unanimously by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will state that the amend-
ment is in the exact language of the bill whichhas
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means to this House, and which will be put upon
its passage at the earliest possible period. If the
bill of the gentleman from Indiana is to pass, giv-
ing mail facilities to these people at Pike's Peak,
I think that it is nothing but what is due to the
members of the House who have in their districts
mail routes upon which no service has been put,
for want of means, that they shall have this
amount of §400,000, for the purj^se of enabling
the Postmaster General to put service upon these
routes.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
bill, as amended, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's protest.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call up the resolution re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, which
was postponed until to-day. It is the resolution
in reference to the President's protest.
Mr BURNETT. I would ask the gentleman i
from Pennsylvania to permit me to move that the j
further consideration t>f that subject be postponed I
until the 5th day of May next. j
When the question was up a few days since, ;
and this side of the House was ready to proceed j
to its discussion, it was postponed in order toac- j
commodate gentlemen; and I only suggest that it J
be fuither postponed. The resolution of the Com- j
mittee on the Judiciary will give rise to some dis- j
cussion. I desire to discuss it myself. I am j
compelled to leave the city to-morrow, and I know j
that there are other gentlemen with whom I have
conversed, and who state their wish to discuss
the resolution. As there is no practical legisla-
tion growing out of the resolution,! appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to agree to the post-
ponement I have proposed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
I have shown a disposition this morning to ac-
commodate gentlemen upon this floor. I am will-
ing still further to accommodate them, if I am able
to do so. I am willing to accede in part to what
the gentleman from Kentucky desires. 1 would ;
say that this matter should be postponed until |
Tuesday, the 1st day of May. There is no special j
order for that day, and 1 think that will accora- j
modate the gentleman. I
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HICKMAN. The discussion will extend
beyond one day, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will then have an opportunity to make his
remarks on the question. I move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
the 1st day of May next.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, as a good many
of us will be absent, more or less, for the next
two or three weeks, I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to tell us, as it may be neces-
sary to enable us to govern our movements,
whether it is his purpose to call for the previous
question on the resolution at any fixed time? I
ask the gentleman whether he has given that fact
consideration, and whether he has determined
upon the day when the vote shall be taken ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I reply to the gentleman
that it is my disposition to allow a reasonable dis-
cussion of the resolution. I will not call the pre-
vious question—at least, such is my present de-
termination—for two or three days. I propose to
allow ample time for discussion. I cannot say
how long I will be disposed to leave discussion
open, but there will be sufficient time allowed for
discussion.
Mr. BRANCH. Will it suit the views of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that he will
not call for the previous question on the resolu-
tion until after all the political conventions, which
are shortly to be held, will be over? I imagine
that there will be no time during those conven-
tions when there will not be a large number of
members absent. As no practical legislation is
called for, and as it is desirable for various rea-
sons that there should be an understanding on
this question, I suggest, if it suits the views of
gentlemen, that no vote shall be taken on the res-
olution until after the political conventions have
been held.
Mr. HICKMAN. Thegentleman fromNorth
Carolina will see that it is impossible to accede to
such a request. If this resolution should be laid
over until after all the conventions have been held,
that would throw it over to the close of the ses-
sion, when it would be almost impossible to con-
sider it.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. I do not propose that theconsider-
ation of the resolution shall be postponed until
the time I have named, but only that a vote shall
not be taken upon the resolution until then. The
House can go on and debate the resolution when-
ever it pleases. I do not propose to prevent that.
I ask that there shall be a general understanding
that the vole shall not be taken until after the con-
ventions.
Mr. HICKMAN. The postponement of this
resolution until Tuesday, the 1st (lay of May next,
gives all the gentlemen who intend to visit Charles-
ton an opportunity to return in time for the dis-
cussion of the resolution. It is my desire that
they shall have that opportunity, and it is for that
purpose I hove made the motion to postpone. I
think that the gentleman from North Carolina
will see that he can return by that time; and if the
discussion is allowed to remain open for two or
three days, it \^1 afford gentlemen all the facilities
they ought to ask. I could not possibly say that
this discussion should remain open for two or
three weeks after the 1st day of May. I think it
would beiinpolitic that such should be the determ-
ination.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the further consideration of the
report was postponed until Tuesday, the 1st day
of May next.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public land to mississippi.
Mr. SINGLETON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
granting public lands in alternate sections to the
State of Mississippi, to aid in the construction of
railroads, and other purposes;" approved August
11,1856; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
expenses op investigating committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means a joiht resolu-
tion to provide for the expenses of investigating
committees.
The resolution, which was read, appropriates
the sum of $48,000 for the payment of expenses
of the several investigating committees of the
House of Representatives during the present ses-
sion,and adds the same to the miscellaneous items
of the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that when
that question was considered in the committee, I
was opposed to it; but I will not objectto'it now, .
provided the gentleman from Ohia will give us the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
I voted originally against these investigating com-
mittees, because I knew that the expenses would
be very great, and that the result would not be a
benefit to the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
yeas and nays being taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he proposes this sum as a suf-
ficient amount to cover the expenses of these com-
mittees, or whether it is only the first installment?
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is, that the
committee would not make an appropriation until
we received a letter from the chairman of each of
the committeesgivingus an estimate ofthe amount
they supposed necessary to enable them to com-
plete the services upon which they are engaged.
Those letters are with the papers I have sent up
to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope those letters will be
read.
The Clerk read the following letters:
Office op the House of Representatives,
Washington, April 10, I860.
Sir: It will be necessary to replenish the "miscellane-
ous item" of the contingent fund of the House of Repre-
sentatives, by adding thereto the sum oi $48,000, for tho
purpose of defraying the expenses of the several investi-
gating committees authorized by the House of Represent-
atives during the present Congress, as will appear by the
letters of said committees herewith transmitted.
Very respectfully, . J.W.FORNEY,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Hon. John Sherman, chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Committee Room:, &c., ~1pril 5,1860.
Sir: I am directed by Hon. John Covode, chairman of
select committee, &c., in reply to your letter, addressed to
him, of date March 31, I860, in relation to "the probable
amount of expenses your (his) committee may incur for
mileage, traveling expenses," &c., to inform you that the
amount of $15,000 wdl probably be needed for the above
purposes.
I am, very respectfullv, your obedient servont,
" W ILIA AM BLAIR LORD.
Stenographer and clerk of select committee, Sfc.
To Hon. John W. Forney, Clerk of House of Represent-
atives.
House of Representatives,
Washington, Jipril 6, I860.
Sir : In reply to your communication of the 31st ultimo,
desiring an estimate of the probable amount the Committee
on Public Expenditures may require duiing the Thirty-
Sixth Congress for tiaveling expenses, mileage, &c.,l have
the honor to state that, in consequence ot the large number
of witnesses to be summoned trom a distance, to give evi-
dence in relation to the Utah war contracts and the gene-
ral abuses alleged to exist in the War Department, the sum
of $12,500 may be required.
Yours, truly, JOHN B. HASKIN,CAairmtro, <j'c.
Hon. J. W. Forney, Clerk, 3'c.
Committee Room, Jipril 4, 1860.
Sir : In reply to yours of the 3Rt, I liave to state that the
piobable amount of expenses that may be incuirod for mile-
age, traveling, &c., in the investigating committee of which
1 am chairman, will not exceed the sum of §3,000.
I am yours, &e., C. B. HOARD.
Hon. J. W. Forney, Clerk.
Clerk's Office, House of Representatives.
r- March 31, 1860.
Sir: Will vou be pleased to estimate the probable amount
of expenses vour committee may incur for mileage, travel-
ing expanses", &c., and inform me at your oailicbt conve-
nience, m oider that I may repoit to the Committer of
Waysa and Means for an appropriation, no funds being in
my hand* at present to meet said expenses.
I am, very rcspectfullv, your obedient seivant,
1 1 J. W. FORNEY, Clerk.
Hon. Thomas J. Barr, chairman select committee to in-
vestigate Mclntyrc, Bixley $ Co's contract.
House or Representatives,
JtytiX 5, I860.
In reply to the within. I think the,expenses will not
exceed $7,500. „ , T)n
Your? respectfully. THOMAS J. BAKR.
Mr. John W. Forney, Clerk.
No objection being* made to the introduction of
the resolution, it was read a first and second time.
