I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Nixon.
Ho. op Reps.
of July, 1857, and adding the difference of
$13,370,838 73 to the difference between the debt
as it existed in 1857 and 1859, and the result be-
comes manifest that the public debt has been
increased within thre* years to $44,513,229 49, or
to an average of $15,000,000 per year. The Ad-
ministration has not only been living from hand
to mouth, but, like the individual whose daily
expenditures exceed his daily income, it has been
compelled to resort to temporary loans and ex-
pedients to meet the ordinary demands upon the
Treasury. More than once the Secretary has
come to this House, asking for authority to issue
Treasury notes to the amount of $20,000,000, and
more than once has Congress been obliged, in
order to save the credit of the Government, to au-
thorize their issue, and thus to flood the country
With this species of paper currency, to replenish
the coffers of a bankrupt Treasury. The honor-
able Secretary approaches us again this year, not
with the request to make some provision for the
permanent redemption of these outstandingTrftns-
ury notes; not with the candid confession that the
Department is running more deeply in debt every
year,and urging us to increase our duties upon im-
ports to meet the growing deficiencies, but with a
new batch of fallacious estimates, and with the
modest suggestion that it will be necessary for
Congress to extend the law authorizing the re
issue of these " promises to pay" of the Govern-
ment, that the estimated expenditures of the Treas-
ury may be promptly met. If the exigencies of
the public service, and the rigid fulfillment of all
the obligations of the Government require such
an authority to be given, Congress ought not to
refuse it; but, at the same time, is it not our duty,
as practical statesmen, to make some such ar-
rangements for their ultimate payment as -are pro-
vided in the bill now before us?
But when provision has been made for the pay-
ment of the national debt, our functions as legis-
lators have not ceased. We have other duties to
perform: other obligations to discharge. We are
the Representatives of a growing country, as yet
but partially developed; whilst the life of the Asi-
atic nations is in the sere and yellow leaf, and that
of the European has quite passed its meridian, we
are yet in the spring-time of ours—full of the flush
of youth and health; ready for any enterprise;
quick to adopt any suggestion; but, at the- same
time, needing the aid of Government, not only in
stimulating the individual activity of our people,
but in regulating the laws of our national growth.
We should take care, in the first place, that the
Republic receives no detriment; and then, that
liberal means are provided for the development of
our unrivaled natural resources. We want money
m the Treasury. We want it to guard our ex-
tensive frontiers against the incursions of Indian
tribes; to facilitate our immense inland and coast-
wise trade, by the building of light-houses and
breakwaters, and the improvement of the naviga-
tion of our rivers and harbors; to carry the flag
of the Union into distant seas, for the safety and
protection of our external commerce; and to pro-
vide for the support of the veteran soldiers who
have fought the battles of the country on land and
water, and illustrated its history with the records
of their personal prowess and their national hero-
ism.
Whilst a careful scrutiny is exercised, as to
the merits of the different measures demanding
legislative aid, and a rigid economy is observed
m all the expenditures, the people do not, and will
not, complain of any appropriations for legitimate
objects. It is the squandering of the public mon-
eys upon improper or useless matters—the per-
version of the beneficence of the Government by
untrustworthy officials, and the corruption of the J
national morals by bribery in high places and low !
places—that a wakens the popular indignation and |
renders all classes and parties impatient for a ;
change. Let me illustrate this by a reference to ,
two important subjects, which nearly affect the <
wants and wishes of my immediate constituents, .
and reveal the action of the General Government i
concerning them. j
Sir, the whole coasting interests of the country
have been memorializing Congress, for upwards
of twenty years, for the erection of a breakwater
on Crow Shoals, near the northern entrance of
Delaware bay. it is not New Jersey alone, but
all the States engaged in the coasting trade, from
Maine to Louisiana, which ask for, and needs,
this great public improvement. The Boards of
Trade, and the Chambers of Commerce in our
large commercial cities unite in its recommenda-
tion. Merchants engaged in the hazards of the
sea, and humanitarians, weeping ovcr^ the re-
mains of shipwrecked sailors, have importuned
for its erection, until the voice of their importu-
nity has been lost in the sullen silence of despair.
If the statistics furnished to me from reliable
sources be true, I can safely assert, without re-
ferring to the waste and destruction of human life,
the value of which to the State and to the house-
hold no arithmetic can compute, that there has
been a sufficient loss of material wealth, by ship-
wreck alone, for the want of this harbor, since it
was first proposed to erect it, to cover all the costs
of its construction. And yet the work is delayed
from year to year, never for the leason that the
highest interests of the country do not demand
and require it, butgenerally upon the ground that
there is not enough money in the Teasury to
meet other necessities and more urgent cases.
On the other hand, efforts have been made for
years past to establish and equip efficient life-
saving stations and apparatus upon the coast of
New Jersey, the most exposed and dangerous
upon the Atlantic, sea-board. Hundreds and thou-
sands of human beings have perished upon that
shore, who might have been rescued from the
angry jaws of death, if the Government had been
more prompt in listening to the prayers and peti-
tions of humanity. The terrific loss of life, espe-
cially during the season of winter, should have
led Congress long ago to the adoption of every
reasonable expedient suggested by science or
humanity to dimmish the dangers of shipwreck,
and to alleviate the sufferings of an ocean life. At
length appropriations weie obtained by the acts
of June 12, 1858, and March 3,1859, for the pur-
chase of lite-boats, to be used through the surf in
the saving of life aud property. After the lapse
of more than a year, this money has been expended
in the construction of fifty-four boats, at the cost
of $250 each; and unless the testimony of experi-
enced and honest men, personally known to me,
be utterly untrue, not only has this small fund,
held by the Government as a sacred trust for the
cause of humanity, been squandered, by paying
three times as much for building these boats as
they are reasonably worth, but the boats them-
selves are entirely inefficient and worthless for the
purpose for which they were designed. And all
this was in face of the fact that it was within the
power of the governmental officers to procure
Holmes's self-righting surf and life-boat, which is
the great invention of the age for the secuuty of
human life, exposed to the dangers of the surf.
Thus by non-action in the one ease, and by mis-
action in the other, the needs of the people lan-
guish, and their wishes are thwarted.
If the calculations of practical statesmen, pred-
icated upon official data and past experience, are
reliable, the present bill, if enacted into a law, will
not only provide for the payment of the existing
debt, but will furnish the means of supplying the
ever-increasing demands upon the Treasury aris-
ing from our national growth and development.
Mr. Chairman, permit me now, in conclusion,
to speak briefly of the advantages which will re-
sult to the industrial interests by the passage of
this bill. These are twofold; one arising from
the change in the mode of assessing duties upon
imports, and the other, from the encouragement
that it will afford to the diversity and the towards
of labor.
The radical defect of the tariff acts of 1846 and
1857 is their general recognition of the ad valorem
system in the imposition of duties. Everybody
familiar with its practical operation knows that
this system yields protection to American labor
just when none is required, and affords none
when it is most needed. Ever fickle and fluctu-
ating, it embarrasses the manufacturer by the
want of steadmessin its operations, and still more
embarrasses theGovernmentfrom the uncertainty
with which it secures a revenue. But these fea-
tures, bad as they are, are not the worst fea-
tures of an ad valorem tariff. It throws wide open
the door to frauds upon the revenue; placing the
honest importer, who scorns an undervaluation,
at the mercy of the dishonest one, who grows
rich upon the profits of fraudulent invoices. The
extent to which these frauds are canied is as-
tounding to those who have taken no pains to
inquire into the subject, and it should suggest to
Congress the duty of attempting to restore mo-
rality to trade, by removing the temptation to
deceit. I have looked through the statistics of
Commerce and Navigation for the current year,,
published under the authority of Congress, and
have selected certain leading articles as indicating
the general undervaluation of foreign goods. For
instance, 1 findupon poge 260, that during th&last
fiscal year ending July 1, 1859, there were im-
ported into this country, from France alonp,
2,395,087 gallons of French brandy, with a for-
eign valuation of $3,069,179, or about $1 28 per
gallon; that there were imported, chiefly from
Holland, 3,145,204gallonsof spirits,distilled from
foreign gram, with the valuation of $1,465,243,
or about forty-six cents per gallon. Upon page
270,1 learn that there have been imported 115,874
gallons of port wine, valued at $88,217, which is
less than seventy-seven cents per gallon. Now,
whilst I do not say that these valuations arc be-
low the real worth of these several articles, they
are certainly more than two thirds less than their
usual cost; and hence the Government has been
defrauded by such underestimates, of two thirds
of the revenue, which it should have received
upon their importation.
But, pursuing this subject, I find, sir, on page 210,
that last year there were imported into this coun-
try, principally from Belgium, 20,143,776 square
feet of window glass; all of which,by a moderate
protection, could have been manufactured ia the
idle furnaces within the limits of my own district;
and this glass, in the foreign market, was valued
at £696,586, or at less than three and a half cents
per square foot. The baneful effects of the ad va-
lorem tariff of 1846, upon the glass interest may
be learned from, observing that in 1846, the last
year under the specific tariff act of 1842, the whole
amount of the import of the foreign cylinder win-
dow glass was only 76,260 square feet, which is
twenty-six thousand five hundred percent, less
in quantity than the amount imported, last year.
Then, the glass business was flourishing in all its
branches, and remunerated both the operative and
the manufacturer. Now,the furnaces are closed;
whole towns deserted; many of the workmen un- • f
employed, and others cither compelled to labor at y
starving prices or to resort to other and unknown
branches of industry for the support of their fam-
ilies. And although the glass now imported is
of a larger and better quality, and commands a
higher price in the foreign market than that im-
ported under the tariff of 1842, still the foreign
valuation, when there was no temptation or in-
terest to underestimate, averaged about nine cents
per square foot, whilst the average now is a little
upwards of three cents per square foot; and thus
not only under-selling the American manufacturer,
but defrauding the Government out of nearly two
thirds of the revenue due upon its importation.*
The present bill meets the wants of the Treas-
ury and the Government, by changing from the
ad valorem to the specific system in all cases where
the character of the imported article admits of
change; by enlarging the free list, soasto include
such of the necessaries of life as cannot be pro-
duced in this country; and by carefully guard'ng
the interests of agriculture—the chief source of
all national wealth—by increasing the line of
duties upon such of the foreign products of the
soil as can be brought into competition with the
productions of the American farmer. Liberal in
Us design, harmonious in its arrangements,it will
impart confidence to all the departments of trade
by its general supervision of their interests, and
afford the surest certainty of its permanence by
the moderation of its details.
It is hardly necessary for me to detain the com-
mittee with any extended remarks upon the ad-
vantages of diversifying the labor of the country.
No nation ever has been, or ever can be, petma-
nently prospeious withoutsuch diversity. Agri-
culture finds, m the progress of manufactures, an
ever-increasing demand for its productions. The
* Tli'-Re facts are ablv substantiated by the letter of Rich-
ards & Btotiiers 10 the committee of the Board of Trade of
Philadelphia, dated January 10} 1839.
