298
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess. Mutual Interest of the Farmer and Manufacturer—Mr. Trimble.
Ho. of Reps.
manufactures supply the largest rewards to the
exercise of mechanical skill. The mechanic arts
flourish most in the midst of the amplest devel-
opment of other industries, and all these, in their
turn, by their ever-shifting wants and necessities,
give wings to commerce and furnish profitsto com-
mercial adventures. Let the farmer, then, per-
ceive, in our speedy action upon this bill, that we
desire to foster his interests and increase the de-
mand for the products of the soil, by multiplying
the number of consumers, and enlarging the area
of his market. Let the manufacturer be enabled
to summon again to the mine, to the forge, to the
furnace, to the machine shop, to the glass-house,
to the cotton mill, and to the manufactory, the
now unemployed sons of toil, that their hearts,
wearied with long waiting, may be gladdened
with the pospect of remunerative wages. Let
the ocean and the inland bay and the river be
once more whitened with the sails of a busy com-
merce, that each part of our national heritage may
enjoy and reioice in the labor and productions of
the other. Let the many millions of gold, which
annually goes abroad to pay the foreign importer
for the results of foreign handicraft, be" turned
into domestic channels; and, finding its way into
the pockets of the American mechanic, let it be
the sweet messenger of the comforts and refine-
ments of life to the hearth-stone of his humble
home. Then, sir, will all this noise of disunion
he lost amid the hum of an active industry; and
each part of the country, from the northern lakes
to the southern gulf—from one great ocean to the
other—be rivals; not in antagonizing sections and
stimulating the growth of local feuds, but in the
lofty ambition ot developing their wealth for the
general welfare, and of cementing together, in in-
dissoluble bonds of interest and aifection, the
whole sisterhood of confederated States.
MUTUAL INTEREST OF THE FARMER AND MAN-
UFACTURER.
PEECir OF HON. C. A. THIMBLE,
oi<' oino,
In the House of Representatives,
May 5, 18G0.
Tlie House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. TRIMBLE said:
Mr. Chairman: The tariff bil!, introduced by
Mr. Morrill, fiom the Committee of Ways and
Means, and now under discussion in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, 1
regard as one of the most important measures to
be considered by the present Congress. This
opinion may be influenced, in some measure, by
the interest which l  lilt in the subject-by the con-
stituents I represent; yet the tariff hay always
been regarded as a question affecting more gen-
erally than any other the material interests of the
country. At the very threshold of the great ex-
periment of free government, instituted by our
fathers, it assumed an importance which we, at
this day, Can scarcely realize. The Constitution
made it the duty of Congress to provide revenue
for the support of the Government. How to do
this, how to pay off the revolutionary debt, and
provide also for the future defense of the country,
was certainly, in the then feeble and impoverished
condition of the colonies, a very grave question.
Upon its decision might depend the fate of the
Government itself. That foresight and wisdom
which had brought to successful issue all of the
plans of the great men of that period led to the
adoption of the tariff system. This mode of rais-
ing revenue was recommended by various consid-
erations; but the most weighty of theni all was
that of giving protection and encouragement to
their infant manufactures and commerce.
It had been the policy of the mot her country to
discourage and inteidict every species of manu-
facturing, and fo monopolize the commerce and
carrying trade of all her colonies. So rigidly bad
this policy been "enforced that the people found
themselves, after the Revolution, destitute of ves-
sels for carrying on trade, and of facilities for
manufacturing the common aitides of necessity. ;
Their experience under this system had taught ;
them that the production of raw materials in the
richestabu ndance which a bountiful soil could sup-
ply added nothing to their prosperity or wealth,
so long as more than one half the value of these
materials waa consumed in their shipment and in
their manufacture by foreign nations. To prevent
this loss Xo the producer, diversify the labor of the
people, stimulate enterprise, and develop the yet
hidden resources of the country, were objects
which our fathers had the wisdom to foresee could
only be accomplished by buildmgup a commerce
and establishing manufactories of their own. They
further foresaw that their independence could be
made complete and permanent only by throwing
off every sort of vassalage to all foreign Pow-
ers. The policy of raising revenue by taxing for-
eign goods was therefore adopted. Its efficiency
has been amply vindicated by the results.
The history of the embarrassments and early
struggles of our Government must convince any
one that it could not have been sustained under a
system of direct taxation. The want of money,
and the continuance of commercial dependence
upon England, as a necessary consequence of di-
rect taxation, must have greatly increased the
distress of the people, if it had not caused the
abandonment of the great experiment which they
had struggled through a seven years' war to in-
augurate. It might have been recorded, as the
fate of their Government, that "its years were
few, and full of trouble." But, sir, under this
policy it lived, sustained itself through the trials
and perils of another war with England, and m
Us progress demonstrated the fact, verified by the
experience of all other nations, that the only road
to wealth and independence and power was in
protecting home labor and capital against foreign
labor and capital.
This mode of raising revenue, adopted by our
fathers, is still preserved; and though frequent
changes have been made in our tariff laws, and un-
just discriminations sometimes permitted against
particular branches of industry, yet the principle
of protection has never been wholly abandoned.
And now, after the lapse of more than seventy
years, when our borders have been extended from
the Atlantic sea-board to the Pacific, and our pro-
ductions have greatly multiplied, and our popu-
lation and wealth grown to the propoitions of a
mighty nation, we find this policy as perfectly
adapted to our condition and wants as it was in
the infancy of our Government. To some branches
of our national industry encouragement to the
same extent is not now needed; but the principle
of discriminating by our tariff laws, in favor of
the labor and enterprise and capital of our own
people, is no less just and wise now, than at any
former period of our history.
England and France, the most enlightened of
nations, have more fully demonstrated than any
others that the strength of a State, and the pros-
perity of a people, are best secured by diversi-
fying and protecting labor. The tariff laws and
statistical tables of England will show with what
pertinacity and regularity she has adhered to this
policy; and they will also reveal the secret of her
rapid march to the proud position she now holds as
the first commercial and manufacturing Power of
the world. The extent of her commerce, the vast
export of her manufactures, and the exhibitions
of her wealth and power m the last few years,
have excited the wonder and admiration of the
world. And yet her achievements in the Crimean
and Indian wars, upon the land and upon the sea,
appear less wonderful than the slight effect winch
their immense sacrifices of life and treasuio seemed
to produce on her credit or the prosperity of the
country. Any other nation must have been ex-
hausted and crippled by such a wasteful contest;
but the secret was, the woik 111 her mines w< nt
on; the furnaces, thepotteries, the cotton and other
factories, were busy supplying the wastes of the
war by the profits of their handiwork; and her
merchant ships still rode over the oceans in the
race for the commerce of the world: and when the
wars were ended, she found herself rich and strong
as before.
I must think, Mr. Chairman, that the same pol-
icy, steadily maintained m this country, would
have been attended with similar results. The want
of capital and cheap labor and low interest would
have been balanced by having the raw materials
on the spot—cheap food for our artisans and a
home market. And if, instead of seeking a for-
eign market, we had encouraged the manufacture
of our own materials, so as jp have kept pace with
their increased production, who can doubt that
we would have been to-day more nearly the equal
of England in all the elements of greatness and
strength ? We smile at the simplicity of our Ger-
man ancestors, who brought brick from Holland,
with which to build their houses; our children
may smile at our much greater folly, of building
railroads to Pennsylvania mines with Englishiron,
and paying the British §10,000,000 per year for
manufacturing the cotton cloth we use.
I know, sir, that parties and individuals in the
same party, both in this country and elsewhere,
have differed m opinion on the abstract theories of
protection and free trade; but I also know that
whilst, in other countries than our own, political
economists have been discussing theories, the Gov-
ernments have always practiced protection. Our
country is almost the only exception; and sir, it
must be regarded as most remarkable that any-
party in this country should have men more in-
clined to listen to the abstractions of theorists,
and the suggestions of the paid emissaries of Eng-
land, than to the lessons of experience taught by
all nations. And yet more remarkable, after all
the attempts which have been made in this coun-
try at an approach to free trade, by lowering du-
ties and increasing importations, have resulted
only in diminishing revenue, as well as in drain-
ing the country of its gold and silver, robbing the
mechanic of employment, and the farmer of his
market, that any one should stilt be found to ad-
vocate it. Sir, it is a burlesque to talk about free
trade in this country, when every other Govern-
ment on the face of the earth is practicing protec-
tion. When some other plausible practicable
mode of meeting the vast expenditures of the Gov-
ernment is presented, and the time shall arrive (if
it ever does) in the history of the world when all
nations are prepared, in their commercial relations,
to place each other on a perfect equality, it will
then be time to talk of free trade. Count De Mor-
ny, President of the French Legislatif Corps, in
aspcech expianatoi y of the late commercial treaty
between England and France said:
Free trade may, it appeals to mo, he considered a** the
objeot to which tocielv is tending, but psofetion ou<rht to
be the means of arriving at it. Supp<^e free tiade estab-
lished in a new and poor country, what wi!i that eouiitiy
piodnce? i do not d<;nv but tb.it it can develop <,01110 1a-
vored nidnsti v by a natutal puvileged situation, hut toman
competition would stifle in their bud all tho<e thing-* which
itieqinres m order to piospei—capital, t-killful workmen,
experienced ovoi^oers;, easy communication, and a jrood
market—in fact, all the conditions which time alone can
give. A tiaie-Ition, consequently, is indispensable, and to
pteaeb In o tiadc to ,1 eountiv which doeb not enjoy all
those advan;a«es is nemSy as equitable as to piopose to <1
child to contend with a pown man.*'
We have indicated here in few words the prin-
ciple which has always controlled the policy of
the English and French nations; and the late
treaty negotiated between these Powers is in ac-
cordance with it. Protect every home interest
until it has grown strong and able to take care of
itself, and it may then be exposed to the compe-
tition of the world, and not before.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot very well understand
why the Democratic party has not long sincc
abandoned the tariff and inaugurated direct taxa-
tion. It has often, and for long periods, possessed
every branch of the Government, and might have
reduced its favorite theory to practice. Are
Democrats sincere in their professed devotion to
this theory? Do they really believe that it would
be less burdensome to the'people to pay out of
their pockets from sixty to one hundred millions
per year in hard money to the tax-gatherers of
the Government, than by a tax in the form of
duties on foieign goods? If so, they have been
false to their principles and recreant to their duty
in not having instituted this change.
From my boyhood, I remember to have seen in
the papers, and heard from Democratic stump ora-
tors, the promise periodically made of cheap £oods,
free trade, and hard money, if the dear people would
only vote their party into power. Why, sir, I had
expected twenty-five years since that the bank rags
of the country would disappear m bonfires, and
I had hoped too to share in that good time always
coming, when the gold and silver would be heard
