720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
ation enough to pay it all, and you therefore left
apart of them unpaid. Now! want to know
wny you should pay interest to the one and not
to the other. Is there any good reason why yoii
should pay it when you made no appropriation,
anymore than you should pay it when you made
an insufficient appropriation ? I cannot see that
there can be any distinction in the world between
the two cases. I say again, I do not know cer-
tainly that there is any case such as I have sup-
posed, but it may exist.
Is it not wise to let the amendment go for an-
other reason? Assuming that there are cases like
those which I have supposed, does not the Sena-
tor knew that the parties will come here and pre-
sent to us the fact that they have ascertained
sums due them at the Department, and that the
Government never paid them; and will they not
come here and ask it; and shall we not have a
controversy with them about it; and when we
are done with it, shall we not be sure to pay them?
We shall be sure to do it, just so certainly as we
are willing to do justice. I can refer to a case
where it has been done since I have been here,and
I do not now remember a single case where it has
been refused. Where there is a stipulated, agreed
sum due to an individual from the Government,
and the Government has failed to pay it when
demanded, we have always allowed interest. I
know that unsettled, uncertain, unfixed sums, do
not come within that rule; but where your Gov-
ernment on their part have agreed in terms that
there was a fixed sum due, I have known no case
of an individual, when he lias come here and
asked interest, who has not been granted it. I
will vote for it on all occasions; but I will not
vote for that amendment which makes fish of one
and flesh of another.
Mr. GWIN I believe the Senator from Maine
is mistaken, and I will show it in a very few words.
If the appropriation bill had passed last March,
the very money that we are now voting for de-
ficiencies would have been appropriated to pay
the debts then due. There was a portion of this
deficiency in that bill, and there would have been
no claim for interest if it had passed last year;
because every one of these contractors would have
been paid by it. Now, because it did not pass,
we agree to pay interest from the 1st of May, for
the reason that the Department had until that pe-
riod to settle all accounts of contractors for the first
quarter. Now, we are simply paying interest be-
cause we did not pass the appropriation bill last
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from California
must be mistaken as to this. Suppose there were
outstanding claims adjusted and due, for the quar-
ter ending the 31st of December, 1858: they
would have been due on the 1st of March, would
they not? The Department had sixty days to
adjust tliem. If we had made that appropriation
on the 4th of March, there would have been but
two of three days'interest due on them; but now
you postpone those very claims to the 1st of May
by this very bill.
Mr. HUNTER. We postponed them because
the Post Office Department has two months after
they are due to pay them in.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator did not hear
me. J#>av the quarter's service ending the 31st
of December, 1858, was payable on the 1st of
March, 1859; and if the appropriation bill had
gone through last year, they would have been
paid within two days; but this bill postpones the
interest on them until the 1st of May last. I say
there is no reason in it if there were any such
claims then due. Nobody says that he knows
there are any such; but whatever it be, the De-
partment Avill not pay interest unless it is due.
They are not going to pay this as a gratuity; and
this is a limitation, in fact, on its face, because
there may be just such cases; and if there are,
they are not to be paid until sixty days after the
expiration of the quarter, and that is the time they
were payable by the usage of the Department.
Why shut these men all off, and have separate
claims coming here which will cost the Govern-
ment ten times as much ?
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island and the Senator from Maine will direct
their arguments to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbkll.1 This is his amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know whose propo-
sition" it is.
Mr. GWIN. It is not the amendment of the
Committee on Finance. . If they can convince
their side of the House, we do'not care anything
about it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not care what side of
the House it comes from. I am answering the
Senatoffrom California, and showing why the bill
now does not make these people as good as the
Post Office appropriation bill last year would have
made them.
Mr. GWIN. It would have passed after the
1st of March, when, he says, these claims were
due, if there are any such cases.
Mr. SIMMONS. If there are none, it will not
do any hurt. If there are some, we ought to pay
them.
Mr. GWIN. I am willing to vote it out.
Mr. HAUN. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is,
after the word "rendered," in line four of sec-
tion three, to insert, "but in no ease prior to the
1st day of May, 1859;" so that the clause will
read:
That interest at the rate of pis per centum per annum, to
commence sixty days after the expiration of the quarter in
which the service was rendered, but in no case prior to the
1st day ol'May, 1859, See.
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
The next amendment made in the Committee
of the Whole was, at the end of section three, to
insert, as a proviso:
Provided, That such interest shall be payable only to the
contractors themselves; and the same is hereby declared
to be In full of all damages by reason of failure or delay in
payment, and the fame shall be receipted for accordingly;
but no interest shall be allowed on payments for the last
quarter, ending the 3ist of December, 1859.
Mr. MALLORY. Now, I move to strike out
the first two lines, ending with the words " con-
tractors themselves," and I do it upon this idea:
The Committee on Finance, I presume, have ac-
knowledged that there is an indebtedness of the
Government to these contractors; that they have
a right to come here for damages, or for interest,
call it whichever you please. If we owe the debt,
we ought to pay it; and we have lio right to
couple it with a condition that these men had not
the power to assign it. If the debt be theirs, they
have the right, and We ought to recognize it. I
presume that some of these contractors may have
assigned away their right to interest or damages;
I presume that some have not done so, and in
this respect you would get rid of paying a portion
of the damages which you have otherwise agreed
to pay by the bill, I do not think we ought to
couple this with the condition that we shall not
pay the money to their assignees. It may be that
they have been enabled to carry on their contracts
in consequence of having received money from
the assignees. It may be that the whole benefit
of the service accruing to the country has been
through those who advanced the money, and
that they, in fact, ought to have the interest. .
I do not concur with what my friend from Mis-
souri says as to the measure of damages being
more thai} six per cent. Six per cent, is that uni-
versal measure of damages which this country has
always agreed upon in all its controversies with
foreign Governments, and with its own citizens;
and it would be a very dangerous precedent in-
deed to contend,asmy friendfromMissouriseems
to do, that a private individual could receive any-
thing else in the way of damages for money with-
held, but interest from the time of the liquidation
of his account. I hold that, until his account is
liquidated, settled, and acknowledged by the Gov-
ernment, no damages or interest, to nomine, can
begin to run at all. The rule has been, as stated
by the Senator from Maine, that we'hare paid in-
terest in numerous cases, I will say hundreds of
cases, where the Government has liquidated a de-
mand, and there has been no money in the Treas-
ury at the time to pay it; and that interest has
been uniformly, so far as I have been able to find
it, six per cent.; and that has been the rate which
has been paid to us in our adjudications with for-
eign Governments.
Mr. PUGH. In the amendment of the Senator
from Florida, it seems to me he overlooks a very
plain proposition'. I presume the contractors had
their certificates discounted. 1 believe the certifi-
cates themselves were issued in violation of the
independent Treasury law. That was always my
opinion; and we are winking at this in consequence
of our own fault at the last session. It is certainly
not to be expected that any person has lent the
contractor the full amount of his certificate. No
money-lender ever did that, as a money-lender.
He took the interest out, and the assignee has the
interest in his pocket now; and when you give the
contractor the six per cent., you barely give him
the face of the certificate. So it is evident and
proper that the interest ought to be given to the
contractor.
Mr. MALLORY. Why look outside into those
facts ? I did not kijow them.
Mr. PUGH. That is the ordinary way of
transacting the business.
Mr. MALLORY. In the point I have made,
I know nothing of the facts governing the assign-
ments of their interest. It is the naked question
of equity that I look to. We ought to pay this
debt, if we owe it, to the parties themselves. We
would not agree to pay any interest, unless it be
a debt against the Government; and if it be a debt,
we have no right to couple with it a condition
that it shall not be paid to the assignees.
Mr. GREEN. I concur with the Senator from
Florida; and in reply to what the Senator from
Ohio has said, I must say that I do know, per-
sonally from the contractors, some of whom are
my friends, that when they sold their certificates
to get means to keep up the service, without which
the Government would have been disgraced, they
sold in two ways; one was to sell the interest that
Congress was going to pay, and the other without
the interest; and in cases where they sold the ex-
pected interest, the certificates sold at a higher rate.
Therefore, it has been specially sold and assigned;
and when he says they have already got the in-
terest in their pockets, he is entirely mistaken.
They have sold the interest, and got pay for it,
and that is in their pocket.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not see any objection to
this amendment as it stands, nor do I think it will,
as the honorable Senator from Florida supposes,
relieve the Government from the payment of a
cent of interest. The way I view it is this: the
contracts made with the contractors are not as-
signable by law. The Post Office Department
may recognize assignments, and may pay to the
assignee when it is certified in a particular form;
but there is no law which authorizes the assign-
ment. We are dealing with the contractors alone.
They may have made sales, the honorable Sena-
tor from Missouri says, and I have no doubt they
have in some cases 
Mr. GREEN. Let me make a suggestion.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to go on, if the Sen-
ator pleases.
Mr. GREEN. Just one word only. By the
common law a note is not assignable; but equity
would always protect a party, and we are in a
court of equity, I trust.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer to go on. I have
nothing to do with the question of a court of equity.
I am stating the proposition in order to show that
the Government wilt be relieved of nothing by the
passage of this, but we shall pay just as much as
we would otherwise. There is no obligation to
recognize the assignment. The Department does
recognize the assignment, but it does not carry
interest under any existing law. We choose to
allow interest. To whom ought we to allow it?
To the party with whom we contract. Then,
whether he has assigned or not, he receives the
interest. If he has sold to any person with the
understanding that any interest that the Govern-
ment may allow him shall go to the assignee, if
he is an honest man, he will give the assignee a
power of attorney to receive it. I think we had
better not inteifere with that species of arrange-
ment, but leave it precisely as the man stands who
chooses to buy money at two per cent, a month,
when the legal rate of interest is six per cent. The
speculator takes his chances in that "base. He
takes the note with the knowledge that if the other
party does not choose to be honest, he cannot re-
cover any more than the actual amount that he
advanced. I would pass the bill as it is now-
amended by the Senate, and leave the question of
contracts between the cons-actor and the assignee,
as to whether, when the contractor receives the
money which we direct to be paid to him by way
of interest, he will pay it over to the assignee ac-
cording to his contract, or not. I would not inter-
fere with these contracts at all.
Mr. GREEN. I say this proviso ought to be
