mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and bcingengrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rend Hie third time.
Mr.fcftAWFORD demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays wereprdered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich Alley,
William C. Anderson, A&hicy, Bcale, Bingham, Blah,
Blake, Bouiigny, Brayton, Brig£s,Bri«aow, Buffmton, Burn-
bam. ButterfiHd, Campbell, Case, Colfax. Conkhng, Cor-
wln,' CoVode, Curtis, ii. Winter Davi?,' Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edward", Eliot. Ely, Etherid?c, Parnsworth, Pos-
ter. Prank, French, Gooch, Hale, Hamilton, J. Morrison
Harris, Ilatton, Heljnick, Hoard. Ilutehins, Irvine, Junktn,
Wdham Kellogg, Kenyon, Ivilgore, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lootnis, Lovvjo>, Mallory, Mar-ton, Maynard, McKcan,
Mc Knight, McPherson, Million, Millwaid, Laban T.
Moore, Moorhcad, Edward-Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris,
Mor*e, Nel.-on, Ohn, Pciry, Pottit, Poitei, Pottle, Rice,
Riggs, Ohnstopher Robinr-on. Schwartz, Scranton, Sedg-
wick, Siieiman, William N. II. Smith, Somes, Spaulding,
Spinner. Stanton, Stevens, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trimble, Vandftver, Verroo, Waldroii, W«ilton,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and
Wooduitf—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,Thomas L. Antlci^on, AMnnorc,
Avery, Barrett, Bonham, Burnett, Carter, John B. Claik,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Buiton Ciaigo. Ciawford, Cuny,
Edmundson, Plorcnce,GartrolI, Hardeman, JohnT. Harris;
Ilolman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Kunkcl, Lairabee, Jame^M.Lea^h,Leake, Logan,
Love, Maclay, Charles D. Martin, McQueen, Mcltae, Syd-
enham Moore, NoeJI, Pendleton. Pugh, duarles, Reagan,
Rutftn, Scott, Sickles, Simms, Singleton, HtUhvoith, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Stout, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance, and
Winslow—55.
So the resolution was passed.
During the call,
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Killinger
was paired oil'with Mr. Wright.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. James Buchanan, his
Private Secretary, informing' the House that the
President did, on the 13th instant, approve and
sign a bill (H. R. No. 31) for the relief of Charles
Knap.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before submitting amotion
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the "W hole House on the state of the Union, to allow
gentlemen to discuss general topics, I desire to
say, that there are three bills in tho Committer* of I
the Whole, each of whie.li is pressing: one, the j
deficiency bill, in which arc several items of im- j
portauec; another, the consular bill; and another, |
the Military Academy-bill; and 1 give notice that ]
to-moirow 1 shall endeavor to bring them up for j
action in the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union. ;
PRINTING OF A PAPER. |
Mr. STEVENS) of Pennsylvania. I ask the I
unanimous consent of the House to have printed
an amendment which I propose to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Tay-
lor] to the bill providing for the better security
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam.
No objection being®hxade, the amendment was
ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL FOUNBERY.
Mr. WEBSTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the appointment of
a commission to ascertain and rccommcnd a proper
site for a national foundcry; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs,
SIJGUR DE BONNE AND OTHERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
92, and that it be put upon its passage. It is a
bill to authorize the courts to adjudicate the claim
of the le^ul representatives of the Sieurde Bonne
aud of the Chevalier de Ropentigny, to ccrtain
lauds at the Sault St. Marie, in the State of Mich-
igan. It has passed the Senate several times; but
it has never been reached in the House. The bill
does not appropriate money. It has been referred
to the Judiciary Committee, and that committee
reported back the bill immediately, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. The report of the Sen-
ate committee is simply in these words:
<l That on examination of the titles filed by the memo-
rialists, your committee is satisfied of tlie authenticity of
the titles and of their legal validity. They form a complete
ehain, emanating directly from the King; and your commit-
tee would feel no hesitation in recommending the continu-
ation, but l'or the fact of a fomier adverse icport from a
commute? of the Senate. The extent of land claimed is
large, adverse rights have grown up, and certain questions
which the committee'would be disposed to decide in favor
of the memorialists are determined adversely to their pre-
tensions in the former report alluded to.
" Under the circumstances, the committee believe that
justice would be done by allowing the memorialists to as-
sert their title m an action at law or m equity agams-t the
Government; and tliey icspeetfuJiy lecommcnd the passage
of the accompanying bill for that purpose.
"The memoualMs having expressed a willingness to
take other lands in the place of those now in the possession
! of adverse claimants, the eommittcc also report a provision
' by which, in the event of the success of the memorialists
ii^then suit against the Government, parties m possession
shall be protected, and the memorialists authorized toeijter
other lands in the place of those now held by thud per-
sons."
Mr. BURNETT. Let the bill be read.
Tho bill, which was read, authorizes the legal
representatives of the Sieur de Bonne and of the
Chevalier dc Rcp.entigny to present their petition
to the United States district court for the dis-
trict of Michigan, setting forth the nature of their
claim to ccrtain land at the Sault Ste. Mane, in the
State of Michigan, under an alleged grant, 1750,
from the Governor and lieutenant general, and
from tho intendant general of New France, now
Canada, with evidence in support of their claim,
stating tkc names, as near as may be, of all per-
sons claiming adversely, and praying that the va-
lidity of the title may be inquired into and decided
under the laws of nations, the laws, usages, arfd
customs of the country from which the same was
derived, and the treaties and laws of the United
States; and authorizes the said court to examine
the same, and, in adjudicating the question of the
validity of the title as against the United States,
to be governed by the laws of nations and of the
country from which the title was derived, and also
by the principles, so far as they are applicable,
which are recognized in the act of Congress ap-
proved the 26th of May, 1824, t( enabling the
claimants to lands within the limits of the State of
Missouri and Territory of Arkansas to institute
proceedings and try the validity of the same;" and
directs the district attorney to proceed, in defense
of the interests of the United States, in all things
as required aud directed by (he act of 26th May,
1824; provided, that the suit shall be instituted by
the claimants within two years from the passage
of the act, and that an appeal maybe taken, either
by the claimants or the United States, to tho Su-
preme Court of the United States within one year
from the date of the rendition of the decree of the
district court aforesaid.
The bill further provides that in the case of a
final decision under this act against the validity
of the said claim, or in case of the failure of claim-
ants to prosecute it within the period specified,
the said claim shall be held forever barred, both
in law and equity; but in the case of a final decree
in favor of the validity of the grant, it shall not
be construed to affect or in any way impair any
adverse sales, claims, or other rights which have
been recognized by the United States within the
limits of the said claim, or which, under any law
of the United States, may have heretofore been
brought to the notice of the land commissioners
or of the land officers in Michigan, or any of the
land granted to the State of Michigan, or occupicd
by it, for the Sault Ste. Maiic canal, its tow-path
and appurtenances; but for the area of any such
adverse claims the legal representatives of the said
De. Bonne and Repentigny shall receive from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office war-
rants authorizing them or their assigns to enter
any other lands belonging to the United States,
and subject to entry at private sale ot $1 25 per
acre, which warrants shall be for sections or legal
subdivisions of sections, at the option of the par-
ties entitled to receive them.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand this bill was
reported from the Judiciary Committee. Was it
a unanimous report?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am not advised
as to that. The chairman of the committee will
be able to answer.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems to me that a bill of
this length, without consideration, ought not to
be passed; and it is extraordinary to ask to put
it upon its passage under such circumstances.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The most oidmary
thing in the world; and in my judgment it would
be most extraordinary if not asked.
Mr. BURNETT. I will agree with the gentle-
man in that remark, if lie will confine it to the
other side of the House; but if he speaks of this
side of the House, I say it is most extraordinary
for a Democrat to ask it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have not much
to respond to my friend in that regard; bur he
will allow me to suggest, that whi!^ it is acknowl-
edged that my friend is an active and faithful sen-
tinel at the door of the Treasury, he may some-
times err in his zeal to protect the public interest.
We ask for no appropriation; we ask simply for
that which is right, and which is approved by the
Judiciary Committee of the Senate and the Judi-
ciary Committee of the House. It is a right mov-
ing upon title, examined by lawyers whose opin-
ion is before the House. In order to assert this
title, and to remedy tho wrong of this case, it is
proposed that, should the judgment of tho Supreme
Court of the United States be in favor of the claim-
ants, none of the area of the original land claimed
shall be recovered by the parties; but that they
may locate an equal amount of land at &1 25 per
acre from the puolic domain, in lieu of those very
valuable lands covered by the title, in the State
of Michigan. I am informed, and I believe cor-
rectly, that there is no objection to the bill upon
the part of the Representatives in this House from
tho State of Michigan.
Mr. BURNETT". This bill is not yet before
the House, and I rose simply to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary whether this
bill was reported back with the unanimous con-
sent of that committee?
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot, perhaps, return
an answer dirc#ly to the gentleman's point. So
far as rny recollections extends, no objection was
made to the bill in the Judiciary Committee. I
believe it did pass that committee unanimously.
I examined the case myself, and recommended its
passage before the committee. My opinion of,
the bill coincides exactly with that given by the
gentleman from New York, who has brought the
bill to the notice of the House.
The claimants propose, in case of proof of the
title of the land in Michigan, that they will not
claim the lands now occupied, but will take other
lands of the United States unoccupied, at the rate
of $1 25 per acre. That is the substancc of the
whole bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it spe-
cifically provided in the bill, that in no event, if
they recover, shall they enforce that recovery ex-
cept by this commutation ?
Mr. HICKMAN. The provision of the bill,
as I understand it, is, that in no case shall they
claim possession of the kind over which their al-
leged title extends, but that they shall take other
lands in lieu thereof, now unsettled, at the rate of
§1 25 per acre.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall not,
then, object to the bill, but shall vote for it,more
particularly because one gentleman upon the
Democratic side, for once, proposes to do justice.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. In response to the remark
of the gentleman from New York, m reference to
my action, I only desire to say, that there are not
a dozen men in this House who understand the
provisions of this bill. This is a pioposition to
take up a bill with half a dozen or more sections
m it fixing the rules of evidence which arc to gov-
ern and control the action of the courts of the
country, and to put it upon its passage without a
dozen gentlemen understanding it. However just
a claim may be, that is an objectionable course of
procedure. I shall not, however, object to the
bill, taking the word of the gentleman from New
York, ana of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that it is right.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I wish simply to
say in this matter, that the claim referred to in the
bill is located in my district. 1 have examined
the bill very carefully, and I see nothing objec-
tionable in it. I believe the rights of my constit-
uents are carefully guarded, as well as tho rights
of all other persons. The bill simply refers the
