1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
matter back to the courts to ascertain whether the
claimants have a valid claim or not. I can sccno
objection to it.
'Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask that the bill
be put upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
proposition for recess.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. BONHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I send to the Clerk's desk a resolution to
be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, this House, on the 21&t day of February, I860,
resolved u that the supcuntcndcnt of the Capitol extension
be directed to remove the present benches from the Hall
and replace the old chairs and desks, adopting substantially
the original arrangement thereof; but having regard to any
reduction of s-pac's occupied by them without interfering
with the convenience of the atrangementTherefore,
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Fiiday next,
it stand adjourned till Tuesday, the 1st day of May nett,
in order that the foregoing resolution may be carried Into
effect, and that a message bo pent to the Senate, asking
their consent to such adjournment.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Is that a privileged
question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not suppose
that it is such a resolution as would authorize the
gentleman to take the floor from the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. BONHAM. I understood the Chair this
morning to rule that a similar resolution was a
privileged question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. This resolution em-
braces other matter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
had the floor, and it cannot be taken from him.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 228, and to put it upon its passage.
regimen? for texas.
Mr. REAGAN. I have felt very anxious for
Bome time past to get up a bill of very great im-
portance.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I believe that I have
the floor until this matter is disposed of.
Mr. REAGAN. I was addressing the House
through the gentleman's courtesy. I simply want
to state that a bill passed the Senate several weeks
ago, by which an appropriation Vas made to en-
able the Government to call into service a rcgi-
mcnt of troops in T£xas. It lias been for a long jj
time before the Committee on Military Affairs. I]
The condition of our State is one which, jf it were j
known to the House, would, I am sure, make it ;
will mg to act on the subject, and to tell us whether '
we may or may not expect to have the protection .
of the Federal Government for the lives and prop- '
erty of our people. If there arc measures of gen- ;
eral legislation'before the House, thatmay-as well ;
be done at one time as at another, I beg gentlemen :
to allow us to take up'thc bill making appropri- j
ations for the Military Academy, which has 011 it !
an amendment appropriating a sum to enable the ;
President to call into service aToxas regiment. It |
is a matter of such pressing importance to us, and |
lias remained over so long, that I feel satisfied that
the House, if it understood the pressing ncces-
isity of the case, would take up the bill and pass it. f
valentine weiieiiei3i.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman from
Illinois yield the floor?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. No, not for that
purpose. I move to discharge the Cominutce of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of Senate bill No. 228, for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim.
The bill was read.
of both eyes and deafness of both ears, rendering
him entirely helpless.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the House
will indulge me a moment, while I state the merits
of the case. [Many voices, " There is no objec-
tion to the bill."]
Mr. STANTON. Has this bill been before ajiy
of the standing committees of the House ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It has been before
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and h&s been
reported back.
The Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill,
and the House proceeded to consider it. The
question being on ordering the bill to a third read-
ing,
Mr. COBB. I would like to inquire how it is that
the pension is raised to sixteen dollars per month'
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope the House
will listen to me a single moment. 1 will not tres-
pass on its indulgence by asking to have all the
papers read. This is a case of extraordinary
merit. The petitioner is now in this city, entirely
destitute of means. He resides in the State of
Illinois, where he has a wife and four children to
support. The Surgeon General of the Army, the
professor of the Medical College in this city, and
other physicians, have certified that this man's
blindness and deafness were occasioned by the
wound he received at the battle of Buena Vista.
It is a case of peculiar and extraordinary merit.
Regarding it in that light, the Committee 011 In-
valid Pensions, which reported the bill back by
mistake, have authorized me to say to the House
that they have agreed unanimously to recommend
that the pension shall be raised to twenty-five dol-
lars per month, instead of the eight dollars per
month which he has been drawing. We have
numerous precedents for this, where, in cases of
merit, pensions have been allswed, ranging from
fifteen to thirty dollars per month. And if there
ever was a case which required an increase of pen-
sion, this is such a case.
This man has come a distance of seventeen or
eighteen hundred miles, to present his case to
Congress; and he supposed, until the bill reached
the House, that the Senate had allowed him more
than sixteen dollars per month.
I therefore move to amend the bill by striking
out the word "sixteen," and inserting in lieu
thereof, the words " twenty-five ;"und also to make
the increase commence from the date of the ori-
ginal pension, and if gentlemen want further in-
formation in regard to it, I hope that all the papers
in the case may be read. I think, however, that
the House will be satisfied with my explanation.
I call for the previousquestionon my amendment.
Mr. STANTON. What was the date of the
original pension ?
M'f. MORRIS, of Illinois. I do not recollect.
Not long ago. I will say that this is a very ex-
traordinary case. I hope no objection will be
made.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was on the adop-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. COBB called for the yeas and nays.
, Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that the pen-
sion shall be increased to twenty-five dollars a
| month, but the principle of going back for ten
I yeais to pay pensions I am opposed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am willing that
it shall date back five years.
Mr. COBB. I am opposed to going back at
all I call for tellers on th" yeas and nays.
' Mr. McCHTEEN. 1 will vote with great cheer-
i fulness to raise the pension to twenty-five dollars
a month, hut I shall certainly oppose going back.
' Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Very well; I will
!' then simply move to strike outsixteen dollaisand
il insert twenty-five dollars.
jj Mr. COBB. With that understanding, I will
.1 withdraw the call foi the yeas and nays.
The amendment was adopted as mo'dmed.
bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
; Th„     .....
'j reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
   . It directs the Secretary of ; and passed.
tht*Interior to place the name of Valentine Wehr- !' Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
heim 011 the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate | the vote by which the bill was passed; ana also
of sixteen dollars per month, from and after the ; moved to lay the motion toreconsideron the taoie.
26th of January, 18G0. .. ii The latter motion was agreed to.
The report was read. It shows that the petition-;j criminal court of the district,
pr was wounded bv a musket ball at the battle 01 i: TT
Buena Vista, and that the wound caused blindness !| Mr. HUGHES. I ask the consent of the House
to take from the Speaker's table the bill of-the
Senate (.No. 344) to amend an act entitled'1'An
act to amend an act to establish a criminal court
in the District of Columbia," and to put it upon
its passage. I have been called on by one of thes
justices of the circuit court, wlio.says the' passage
of some bill like this is absolutely necessary to
the administration of criminal lawm the District.
Mr. CARTER. I would inquire if that bill" is
on the Private Calendar ?
Mr. HUGHES. It is not; it is on the Speak-
er's table. It is absolutely necessary to provide
for the case of the inability of the judge of tha
criminal court to perform his duties.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. STANTON. Do I understand that bill
has been investigated by any committee of this
House ?
Mr. HUGHES. It has not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me this is rather too loose away of doing busi-
ness. Here is a bill, which, if I understand it
from the reading, is to remodel the whole system •
of administration of the criminal law which has
been in force in this District for the last twenty
years, without reference and without considera-
tion. I submit that the bill should go to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman misappre-
hends the character of the bill. It is not to effect
a reorganization of the criminal court in any. shape
or form. It is simply a provision for the admin-
istration of the criminal law, in case of the ina-
bility of the judge of the criminal court to dis-
charge bis duties, by one of the judges of the
circuit court.
Mr. STANTON. The first section of the bill
repeals the law of 1S39.
Mr. HUGHES. It only repeals two sections
of that act having reference to the holding of the
criminal court in case of the disability of the judge
of that court. I will say that the passage of the
hill is almost indispensable. The session of the
criminal court for the District cosimences 011 Mon-
day of next week, and the criminal business of
the court cannot be transacted unless this bill is
passed. The jail is full, and gentlemen will sea
the urgent necessity there is for the adoption of
some measure to facilitate the administration of
criminal justice.
Mr. STANTON. I am perfectly willing that
the bill shall be taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on thf Judiciary.
Mr. HUGHES. If the bill is ts be referred, I
suppose the proper committee for it to go to is tha.
Committee for the District of Columbia. It was
reported from that committee in the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that the Committee on the Judiciary
would probably act upon the subject immediately.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking the bill up.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended—two thirds not having voted therefor.
david a. bokee.
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 ask the consent of the House
to introduce a joint resolution for the settlement of
the accounts of David A. Bokee, late naval officer
at Brooklyn, New York.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand the
Secretary of the Treasury has full power to settlo
the accounts of this officer, without the passage
of a special act of Congress for that purpose.
Mr. BRIGGS. Such is not the fact. The mat-
ter is a very complicated one. The Secretary of
the Treasury is an officer who has discharged all
his duties with such fidelity that surely the gen-
tleman cannot bo afraid to trust the matter to him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not object to
having the accounts of any officer of the Govern-
ment settled, but the existing laws provide for the
settlement of'.he accounts of these officers; and
unless there is some special reason why this case
should be made an exception to the general rule,
I shall object to the introduction of the gentle-
man's resolution.
Mr. BRIGGS. I will state that the law does
not provide for a case of this kind.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must object.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended—two thirds not voting therefor.
