THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C: RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1860.
New Series No. 46.
stricken out, for the very reason assigned by the
Senator from Delaware. We ought not to inter-
fere, but to leave them as they now are under
their contracts; but this proviso does interfere,
and that is the reason why it is objectionable; and
yet the Senator supports this proviso. This pro-
viso says the accounting officer shall not pay the
interest to the assignee. I say, leave the parties
as they stand under their contract. If the as-
signee is entitled to it, he will get it; and if he is
not entitled to it, he will not get it. Non-intcr-
fercnco on this subject is my doctrine, 1 agree
with the Senator from Delaware in that; but not
in the means to attain it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to read the recom-
mendation of the Postmaster General in reference
to this matter. He says:
<;Jn rofcicnce to mteiest on deferred payments to the
creditors of tins Department, 1 would suggest the piopiiety
of providing spucifiualiy l'oi it* allowance to such oilgiuai
creditors, and not tn th<; a-signee."
Mr. GIIEEN. It is none of his business. I
do not care what the Postmaster General says. I
want to do justice, not to follow the dictates of a
Postmaster General.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Missouri and myself agree in some respects, but
not altogether. Unless wc pass the provision,
neither party can get any interest, hi making
the allowance of interest, though equity may
require us to allow interest, we certainly have' a
right to say that we do not choose to regard the
transactions of speeulatois, but wc leave the con-
tractors to settle their matters with the party who
loaned the money.
Mr. GREEN. I do not like the term " specu-
lators." They are the men who have kept up
the ercdit of the Government; they are the men
who have paid for your mail service, and but for
their interposition the postal service would have
fallen to the ground, and the consequence would
have been to raise an indignation that would al-
most have hissed us out of the Senate. Call them
speculators! They have paid the highest price
they could afford to pay for these certificates, and
take their chances with such a body as this and
the other House to get their compensation re-
turned. Now, if we intend to pay them, all I have
to say is, "render unto Caesar the things that are
Caesar's." Whatever their contract is, let them
have; and do not undertake to step in and violate
a right which you ought not of yourselves to in-
terpose in.
Mr. HAUN*. I have waited, sir, with great
patience, for two or three days, to hear some good
and valid reason from some Senator from any
part of this Chamber—I care not where it comes
from—for attaching conditions to the payment of
a just and honorable debtdue by this Government
to its contractors. I really am surprised at what
I perceive m this body. I am humiliated that the
Senate of the United States should stand here ban-
dying words and provisions to place conditions
on the payment of a debt honestly contracted by i
this Government, now due and owing. I think'
it is time for shame to begin to set in upon us. I
think it is time for the Senate, this American Sen-
ate, this Democratic American Senate, to which
it has heretofore been an honor to belong, to re-
trace some of its steps in this business. Am I to
be told that the Postmaster General or the Finance
Committee or any man in this Union, be ho high
or low 111 office, shall tell a contractor of this Gov-
ernment, " You shall take thus and so, and nothing
more, for what you have done, after a fair and
honorable contract has been entered into with you
under the laws of youi country?" Ah, sir, there
has been too much of this done in this Govern-
ment. If you hailed from whence I do; if you had
felt what I have felt; if you had seen what I have
seen, in California, with regard to the acts of this
Government with rcferencc to our lands, where !
wc have been compelled to go through one, two,
three, four, five, or six tribunals to establish al
valid claim to our domain, by the arbitrary and ;
unjust legislation of this Government, you would I
begin to see that it was time for the Senate to look •
46
with some degree of justice and propriety to pri-
vate men as well as those filling public stations.
I fear that we are too much lost in this attempt
to establish State rights, and forget individual
rights. 1 concede and recognize the doctrine of
State rights to its fullest extent; but while we are
endeavoring to establish that, let us endeavor to
be just to individuals. Already the conduct of
this Government has been such that patriotism is
being weakened, that you hear the howl from all
sections of this Union " that we would rather dis-
solve it than not." Why comes this? Itellyou
that a groat deal of it comes from the want of jus-
tice in this Government towards private individ-
uals. The complaints arc numerous, they are con-
stant, they are daily; and the wrong that is itow
about to be perpetrated upon a vast number of in-
dividuals m this country who have been aiding
and assisting this Government, who have patriot-
ically devoted their fortunes, in many instances,
to carry out a contract under the laws of this
country, is another illustration of it. Their rights
arc now being sacrificed. Whilst we are dallying
upon words; whilst we are here voting upon the
subject of a few per cent, interest, many of our
most virtuous and best citizens are being destroyed
in their fortunes in endeavoring to carry out their
contracts with the Government.
I say, sir, that I feel humiliated by this; and I
feel humiliated to sec the Democratic portion of
the Senate endeavoring to trammel this bill that
has come from the other IIousc to pay these con-
tractors, with any amendment that is not germane
to it. Letme tellSenatorsnow, withoutbeingeither
a prophet or the,son of a prophet, that the pres-
idential election which is fast approaching will
have an eye to their conduct on this matter. Let
me warn Senators that these contractors who are
now knocking at the door of your justice to get
the honest money that they have earned, will re-
member your conduct here when the day for the
election of President comes. Let me tell Sena-
tors that they stand in their own light; that they
are ignoring a just law; and that they are likely
to give the Opposition the honor of passing a bill
to pay a just debtdue by this Government to hon-
est contractors. I am opposed to all amendments
to the bill except such amendments as will include
those contractors who ought t6 be included, and
who were omitted by the other House. I shall
vote against every other amendment, whether it
brings the frowns or the smiles of my associates
here. I must act upon my own sense of duty; I
cannot regard what others may think about it. I
am unwilling—totally, wholly, and fully unwill-
ing, let the consequences he what they may—to
vote in the Senate for an unjust measure; a meas-
ure which I feel, which I know to be unjust, and
which the whole country knows to be unjust and
outrageous in its character. I do not know any
of these contractors, or their assignees; but I fully
agree with the Senator from Missouri, that we
have no right to compel either the assignees or
the original contractors to take the interest, pro-
vided they had a bai^ain, when the assignment i
was made, to give the interest cither to the pnr- |
chaser or to retain it to the original contractor. !
Justice in our conduct here would require us to let 1
it remain as they fixed it. If we choose to give :
interest, let us give it as a matter of equity and j
justice, as an honest man would pay his creditors. .
Has it come to this, that the Senate of the United \
States is not only not willing to do its duty, but <
is determined to withhold paying an honest debt? J
Arc wc so far lost to the proper rules of justice '
and propriety ? I hope not, sir; I hope that time j
has not yet arrived. I hope there will be no more ]
acts of legislation passed calculated to destroy the
usual patriotism that exists in the American body;
and I shall vote against everything of that kind,
let it please or displease whom it may.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me, Mr. President, 1
that the Senator from California entirely mistakes
the nature of the agreement between these par-
ties and the Government. Wt have stipulated j
that, for the performance of certain services, we j
would pav them on certain days. We never stip- i
ulated to pay them a dollar of interest. In point
of fact, we did not pay them on the days when
the obligation fell due. What is the measure of
damages for that failure on our part ? Prom one
end of the world to the other, what is the meas-
ure of damages for the non-payment of money?
Interest. I have heard the Senator from Missouri
talk about damages. What is the damage ? In-
terest is the damage for not paying money, and
six per cent, is the highest rate of interest the
Government has ever paid. It is higher than the
regular rate of interest in many of the States.
Besides, this is a payment in specie, a payment
here, which, in addition to its par value, ought to
be worth something in the nature of a premium
for exchange.
But, sir, it is said that we ought to give this in-
terest to the assignee. How do we know any-
thing about an assignee? Who authorized the
Postmaster G cneral to issue certificates negotiable?
It is forbidden by the sub-Treasury act; and if he
had issued them for the express purpose of their
being circulated by assignment or delivery as
claims against this Government, he would have
subjected himself to impeachment. Itwasnottlie
act of the Postmaster General; it was the act of
the parties, unknown to the Government, by which
they were assigned; and now they come here and
ask us to recognize their private transactions,
The Senator from Missouri says that in many
cases they sold their certificates with interest or
without interest. 1 do not know how many of
them were sold in the ordinary acceptation of the
word; I imagine very few; that is not the course
of business. I have no doubt they were hypoth-
ecated as collateral security, and money was
advanced upon them by corporations and by in-
dividuals engaged in banking, who discounted
them according to the rules of Rowlett's Tables,
and took their interest out in advance. X will
venture to say that, in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred, that was the course. There may have
been a few exceptions.
It is said that these certificates were hawked
about—certificates involving the faith of the Gov-
ernment, carrying six per cent, interest, or with
the understood obligation and assurance of the
head of the Department, the assurance of the
President, and the general sentiment of the com-
munity that they should have six per cent. Did
ever a certificate of this Government, carrying six
per cent, interest, submit to the shave that we are
told brought all these hardships on these eon-
tractors ?
Mr. HAUN. Will the Senator allow me tit
ask him a question?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. HAUN. Do you intend to repudiate the
certificates already issued by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and which may have been sold by the con-
tractors ?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I will come to that in a
moment. I am asking the question, how did all
these certificates become so discredited > What is
the price of United States six per cent, stock in
New York, with its payment twenty years of!'?
What is the price of Treasury notes, carrying six
per cent, interest, and having two or three years
to run ? They were the very best security in the
market; and if any man wanted to borrow money,
he could not have a better security on which to
borrow it than these very certificates. I will tell
you where the hardship of the contractor comes
from. It is not in the past; it is in the present.
Their obligation to repay the money is due; and,
if they do not pay it, their certificates, which are
hypothecated, must be sold, and they will all be
thrown upon the market suddenly, and therefore
it is important for us to pass the bill soon, in order
to put them m funds to save their certificates.
There has been no great hardship in the past;
they borrowed money upon these certificates, and
they were a capital security; just as good a secu-
rity as bonds of the United States, which they
could hypothecate and borrow money upon. There'
is a great-deal of this public clamor for the pur-
pose of setting at the Treasury. Six per cent.
