2686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
' Mr. BOULIGNY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to excuse Mr.
Hoard.
TheSPE AKERpro tempore. The Chair would
state that one motion to reconsider has been al-
ready made.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Not on Mr. Hoard.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. STOUT. I hope the vote will be recon-
sidered. I know the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hoard] is sick, and not able to be here.
There being n© objection, the vote was recon-
sidered; and Mr. Hoard was excused.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that a warrant be
issued to the Sergeant-at-Arms for the arrest of
the absentees ;*and "on that I call for the previous
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Punishments already in-
'fiicted by putting the names of the absentees on
the record. That is all ihat can be done; and I
move to dispense with all further proceedings in
the call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that, by the rales, the motion to suspend is
in order. The pending question is on the motion
for the arrest of the absentees, on which the gen-
tleman from Louisiana has called the previous
question. The gentleman from Alabama moves
to suspend further proceedings under the call.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on^cconding the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
Mr. Bouligny's motion was agreed to.
The Speaker thereupon issued his warrant to
the Sergeant-at-Arms to take into custody the
absentees.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a privileged motion.
I perceive that members are allowed to go in and
out.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has
stated repeatedly that the Doorkeepers arc not
allowed to lot members in and out. The Chair
understands the usage to be, that after the doors
are closed, gentlemen who desire to leave may do
so by the consent of the Speaker, or on his parole
that he shall not leave the building.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to state that there are
several gentlemen in the lobby, who have been
there for sometime, and I think it only right that
they should be allowed to come in before the war-
rant issues. I move that the doors be opened to
allow those gentlemen in the lobby to come in.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only be
done by suspending all further proceedings m the
call.
Mr. SICKLES. Then I move to dispense with
all further proceedings in the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DIMMICIt, (at eight o'clock and forty
minutes, p. m.) 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for the yeas and nays;
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Teileis were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. VERREE. Would it be in order for the
gentleman from Vermont to continue his remarks
now? ®
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes, if there be
no objection.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina I renew
the objection which I made, that there is no quo-
rum present.
Mr. ASHMORE. It is evident thia thing will
only keep the House here some two or three
hours longer. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the motion is out of order. It is the last
motion which was put to the House.
Mr. ASHMORE. I move thatall further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr, BOULIGNY. The House is now in the
execution of its order, as I understand it; and
the gentleman is therefore out of order. Let us
have the absentees brought here.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The gentleman from
South Carolina has the right to submit the mo-
tion.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ASHMORE. I now move that the House
adjourn.
"The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move thatall furtherpro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with; and upon
that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. I am sorry to see gentlemen
so restless. We evidently l^ve not arrived at
that point in this miserable farce at which we
usually break up. I hope gentlemen will have
patience until we have proceeded a little further.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads be discharged
from the further consideration of the Post Office
bill; and that it be taken up now for considera-
tion. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Louisiana that, while
the House is without a quorum, it will not be in
order to transact any legislative business.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Well, sir; what is the busi-
ness before the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
entertain any motion of the gentleman which is in
order.
Mr. HUGHES. Is there nothing before the
House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Sergeant-at-
Arms has gone for the absentees.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, sir, 1 propose to claim
the attention of the House for a few, moments
upon the fact that there is nothing: before the
House.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Oh, the gentleman from
Maryland is evidently not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. If there be nothing before the
House, I am certainly in order.
Mr, BOULIGNY. I cull the gentleman from
Maryland to order.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the consent of the House
to submit a few observations upon the point that
there is nothing before the House. [Cries of
"Go ahead!"] I propose to make a peisonal
explanation; and to say that, in consideration of
all the circumstances of what we have done and
what we have left undone, the House ought not
to adjourn, but to remain in session until a later
hour than this; and we ought not to be inter-
rupted by calls of yeas and nays upon motions
to adjourn, and upon dilatory motions, which
have been resorted to during the session, while
there is somuch business before us, and especially
the business of the private citizens of the country
unacted on; while there arc the claims of poor
widows and orphans, and of old soldiers, before
us remaining undisposed of. Do not permit those
persons to stand here knocking at your doors,
and waiting for tardy justice; but listen to them
respectfully and kindly whenever they choose to
come here for relief.
It is but a few years since I became mixed up
with party politics; but for thirty years, in which
in ray humble capacity I watched the operations
of this Government, I have seen hundreds re-
duced to the most abject poverty by its neglect
and injustice.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
the gentleman's proceeding. There is nothing be-
fore the House to make a speech upon.
Mr. HUGHES. I have the floor, and I desire
not to be interrupted. I say that I have sat m
my scat and saw, with pain, day after day, mem-
bers of this House objecting to the claims of the
widows and orphans and poor soldiers, without
knowing anything about them, and often without
even allowing the report of a committee to be
read.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Maryland a question.
Mr, HUGHES. Oh, I did not allude to my
friend from North Carolina. I would as soon
refer a case of such a description to my friend as
to any member of this House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Well, sir,
I object to debate until a quorum be present.
Mr. HUGHES, i have the floor, and do not
yield it. I avail myself of this occasion, which
is the only one that has presented itself during
this Congress, of saying that, having watched,
as a humble member of the Government, this
course of injustice—having seen men of affluence
reduced to poverty—and when I little expected
ever to occupy a seat upon this floor as the Rep-
resentative of a portion of the people of this coun-
try, I promised myself that, if I ever had the
opportunity, I would speak solemn words of*ad«
monition to the House of Representatives upon
this subject.
Sir, 1 would rather to-day undertake to get
through a claim for §250,000 or $500,000, hav-
ing no justice in it, than to get through one
for twenty-live or thirty dollars a year for some
poor solclicr or widow, who could not afford to
pay the speculators who hang round this Capitol.
Sir, as a member of this House, I would not, for
untold treasure, have, in my dying day, the re-
sponsibility upon my conscience of exercising
the right which, under your rules, devolves upon
a single member, of objecting capriciously to
claims here without knowing what was before
the House.
Mr. Speaker, I am glad that I have this oppor-
tunity of appealing to gentlemen of the House,
that when the Private Calendar is taken up they
should not so frequently exercise the former pre-
rogative of a noble of the Polish diet, " Veto,"
1 forbid;" that m future they will at least listen
respectfully and attentively to the reading of the
reports; that they will listen to a statement of the
facts, before they strike down the claim of the
widow and orphan by that potent " I object."
It is the right of every citizen who chooses to pe-
tition this Government, that his claim, whether
just or unjust, shall have a respectful hearing;
and that the Representatives of the people upon
this floor, when, under the rules of this House,
which seem to have been framed with the express
purpose of preventing business, the supremacy of
the veto has been committed to a single member,
ought to be very careful how they exercise that
power capriciously. This House ought to change
its rules in relation to this matter. Will you turn
away the poor old soldier who comes hobbling
upon his crutches, knocking at your doors for
justice, and who assisted in achieving the very
liberty you enjoy ?
There are gentlemen here who object to every-
thing which dates back to the Revolution. Is it
not so? What member of the House can deny
it? [Cries of "Yes; it is so!"] Yes; it is so.
They objcct to every case that dates back to the
Revolution. When the widows and children of
the men who have poured out their blood upon
the altars of theircountry's liberty and independ-
ence; men who have died bravely fighting upon
our earlier battle-fields; when they, their widows
and children, come here, sir, asking a miserable
pittance from this Government, how coldly and
carelessly we treat them I
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that my friend from
Maryland will yield a moment, that I may make
a motion that I hope will command the approval
of the House. We all confess that this thing is
becoming excessively tiresome. [Cries ofi( Ob-
ject!"]
Mr. HUGHES. I cannot yield. I choose to
avail myself of this opportunity to say what I
have fo say on a subject of grave importance, in-
volving our national reputation. Earn thankful
that I have this opportunity. It is the first time
that any member on this floor—during this ses-
sion,at least—has chosen to diroctthe attention of
the House to its neglect in reference to these pri-
vate claims. We ought to have regard for the
claims of the old soldiers who have stood up,
shoulder by shoulder, in defense of the country,
when every third man fell, killed or wounded, in
battle. Look to the reports of the Adjutant Gen-
eral and the Surgeon General, and you will see
that more than one third of those who rally to
sustain the honor and the glory of our land are
stricken down, if not in the heat of the battle, yet
J>y disease contracted m the line of their duty.
T*hey expose -themselves to every hardship and
every peril. Yet when the widows and children
of those men come here asking for what theyare
honestly entitled to, some member rises up, and
cries out 4; Veto—1 object." God help us !
Looking to my welfare upon earth and my
hopes of the future, I would not have the load of
