1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
EIGHTH CENSUS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to report, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, a bill to enable the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to organize the census office, with a view to
putting it on its passage.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to amend an act supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to provide for taking the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United<States, to
fix the number of members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and to provide for the future appor-
tionment among the several States," approved
May 23,1850.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in his discretion, to appoint, from time to
time, such clerks of the first class as the wants of
the service may require; and in addition, to ap-
point ten of the second class, nine of the third
class, and six of the fourth class.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will state the object of this
bill. The Secretary of the Interior, in 1850, had
authority 'only to employ clerks of the lowest
' grade, with the lowest salary; and the consequence
was, that lie was unable to organize the census
bureau at that rate of salary. Under that law he
was constrained to take census clerks into the
Interior Department at a rate of compensation far
beyond that contemplated by the law. In other
words, he was constrained to resort to a ruse to
avoid the law; for that was the only way by which
he could carry on the census office.
This bill proposes to allow him to appoint a
few clerks at a higher grade of salary than that
allowed under the act of 1850. It is strongly rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior; who
represents that, unless something of the sort is
done, it will be impossible to organize the census
bureau.
1 will say that my attention has been called to
a verbal mistake which occurs in the bill. I pro-
pose to amend it so as to provide that the Secre-
tary of the Interior "may employ," &c., in-
stead of "shall employ."
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say that my at-
tention has been called to this subject, and that,
in my opinion, the w'hole thing is a mere scheme to
give higher compensation to the clerks in this office.
Mr. HICKMAN. I wish to make a remark
in reply to the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The question is not fairly
under discussion at the present time. The mo-
tion is for the suspension of the rules.
Mr. HICKMAN. With the couscnt of the
House 1 desire, before that motion is put, to state,
in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] that the bill cannot either raise the number
of clerks or the salaries of the clerks, for if this
law shall not be passed, which is contemplated
by the bill, then the Seeretaiy of the Interior will
do just as he did in 1850; lie will evade the law by
appointing those clerks in his Department. This
is to enable him to do properly what he otherwise
will be compelled to do improperly.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will give me the floor for a moment, I
will make a statement. I think that the gentle-
man, in using the word "evade," makes use,per-
haps, of too strong language. There is an am-
biguity in relation to the law. I was consulted
by the Secretary of the Interior in respect to the
difficulty which he said presented itself in exe-
cuting the law providing for the taking of the
census, or ratbei for compiling the returns made
of the census in the Department of the Interior.
As the Secretary of the Interior construed the law,
he thought that he had the right to employ tem-
porary clerks in his office, and assimilate them to
the grades authorized by existing law; but the
Committee of Ways and Means thought other-
wise. I myself doubted the construction which
he gave to the law; and I suggested to him that,
as Congress was in session, he had better have
the difficulty solved by an act of Congress. If
the construction of the Committee of Ways and
Means be given to the law, no clerk, except the
superintending clerk of the census, could be em-
ployed at a higher rate than the lowest salary
paid for any clerical service in any of the Depart-
ments of the Government. In employing a num-
ber of clerks to compile the returns of the census,
it becomes necessary to assign some person to
take charge of a number of clerks in his division,
who shall be responsible for the work that they
shall perform. That leads to the adoption of dif-
ferent grades of salary.
I see no impropriety in it. On the contrary, I
see a good deal of reason and justice in passing the
bill which is now before the House. The whole
expense for clerical force is to be paid out of the
appropriations for taking the census. That ap-
propriation is $1,000,000. The bill has been ex-
amined by the Committee on the Judiciary, with
reference to the construction which is to be given
to the existing law; and I think that, in order to
avoid the exercise of a doubtful power, the bill
ought to pass. It does not provide for the em-
ployment of any clerks at a higher rate of salary
thanis necessary for the economical administration
of the Department. I call for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand it, the
rules have not been suspended.
Mr. PHELPS. I thought that the bill had been
received by unanimous consent.
The rules wove suspended; and the bill was in-
troduced.
Mr. HICKMAN. I demand the previous quos-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question, so that I
may make a statement to the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. I withdraw for that pur-
pose. Let me ask what becomes of the amend-
ment I have suggested?
The SPEAKER. It will be considered adopted
by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed
to raising the salaries of these clerks. By the law
of May 23, 1850, the maximum salary paid to
these clerks is §1,000. In my judgment, that is
enough. By the law of 1854, the salaries of the
clerks of the various Departments were raised to
$1,200, $1,400, and $1,600; or perhaps to §1,400,
§1,000, and §1,800. It is proposed to put the
clerks in the census bureau upon a footing with the
clerk's in the other Departments. The duties of
these clerks are of the lowest grade. They are
merely clerical—such as copying tables and other
papers. I think that the compensation fixed by
the law of 1850 is sufficient, and therefore I am
opposed to increasing it.
I will say one word more. By a forced con-
struction of the law—a construction which the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] admits
is not the true one 
Mr. PHELPS. I said that I did not agree in
th c construction.
Mr. SHERMAN. By a construction of the
law, which I think is not the correct one, the Sec-
retary of the Interior has placed these clerks upon
the footing of the clerks in the other Departments
of the Government. I think that it is a forced
construction of the law. He has no right to do
it. The law of 1854, which authorizes the trans-
fer from one class to another, applies specifically
to the clerks named in that law. I do not think
we ou<;ht to raise the salary of these clerks; be-
cause I believe the compensation provided by the
law of 1850 is sufficient; and besides, the number
of clerks fixed by this bill is larger than it ought
to be. I make this statement so that the House
may be in possession of the facts. ^
Mr. PHELPS, la reply to the remarks sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Ohio, I have this
to say: the estimate and plan have been sub-
mitted by Mr. Kennedy, who was superintendent
of the last census. Most assuredly a person who
is expected to be employed but six or eight, or
at the most, twelve months, cannot afford to come
to Washington and accept oflicc at a salary lower
than that given to the lowest grade of clerks in
the Departments. The one is permanent, and the
other is only temporary. You givcahighersalary
to the clerks of your committees. The gentlemen
who have voted to employ rleiks for committees
at four dollars a day, have shown by that act tjiat
they do not deem $1,000 per annum an adequate
salary, or sufficient to secure the services of com-
petent men.
I think, sir, the bill is right, and that it ought
to pass. The person who superintends the labor
of a dozen clerks is certainly entitled to a higher
rate of compensation than one of those who are
deemed his subordinates by the Department. For
these reasons, and for the purpose of solving this
difficulty with reference to the construction of the
law, 1 shall vote for the passage of the bill. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. The bili was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. The previous
question was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. PHELPS. If gentlemen want this work
done speedily, so that some of the States will be
saved the necessity of calling extra sessions of the
Legislatures to redistrict them, they had better
vote for this bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITION FOTt RECESS AGAIN.
Mr. BONHAM. I oiler the following resolu-
tion; upon which I move the previous question:
Whereas this House, on the 21st day of February, I860,
resolved, "that the Superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed to remove the present benches fiom the
Hall, and replace the old chaiis and desks, adopting sub-
stantially the original anangement thereof, but having ic-
gard to any reduction of space occupied by them without
interfering with the convenience of the anangement: "
Therefore,
Resolved, That when this House adjourn on Friday next,
it stand adjourned till Tuesday the 1st day ot'May, in order
that the foregoing resol ution may be carried into effect; and
that a message bo sent to the Senate asking their consent
to such adjournment.
Mr. CURRY, Mr. PETTIT, and others, ob-
jeetcd.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is in order.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BONHAM. I demanded the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. CURRY. I believe I have the floor. I
rise to a privileged question. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. CURRY. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I ask the permission of the
gentleman from Alabama to allow me a moment
to make a report ?
Mr. CURRY. I yield to the gentleman a mo-
ment.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to say to the Chair
that I was upon the floor upon a question of priv-
ilege, and the gentleman fron*Alabama could not
take the floor from me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina (Jailed the previous question, which ex-
hausted his right to the floor.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a minority report from the
special committee upon the Pacific railroad, in
order thiit itmay bo printed.
Mr. BONHAM. I object; because, if the gen-
tleman from Alabama, rising to a question of priv-
ilege, is allowed to take the floor, and then farm
jit out to any and everybody, I can never get a
vote upon my resolution.
Mr. CURRY. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. PETTIT. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman from
South Carolina called the previous question, the
Chair considered that he exhausted his right to
the floor. Then the gentleman from Alabama
moved to adjourn. He had the floor for that pur-
pose, but gave way to the gentleman from Min-
nesota to make a report. The gentleman from
Minnesota is in order.
Mr. BONHAM. But the gentleman from Al-
abama has withdrawn his motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman from Minne-
sota certainly cannot take the floor, for the gen-
tleman from Alabama has withdrawn his motion.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman from Ala-
bama yielded me the floor before he withdrew
the motion.
