1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
Mr. TOOMBS. Then I move this as a new
section:
Jind be il farther enacted, That the franking privilege is
hereby abolished; and that all lawd and parts of iaws
authorizing the receiving or sending any matter through
the mails free of postage, be, and the same arc hereby, re-
pealed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I yesterday stated to the Senate the reasons why
I was not disposed to vote for putting upon this
bill a provision to abolish the franking privilege.
I believed then that I was right. The position I
then took was, that there were five members on
the other side of the House who had avowed their
willingness to vote for the abolition of this priv-
ilege on another occasion, and I heard no dissent
among their colleagues to that statement; and I
therefore did not wish to see this bill encumbered
with this provision, which I thought, from the
statements of the Senators, could very readily be
added to the regular PostOffice appropriation bill,
i found then—and I have no hesitation in saying
now—that there was an almost unanimous senti-
ment on this side of the House against the policy
of refusing to place the provision for the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege upon this bill. I
sought for a reason why that should be so, and I
have found one that is satisfactory to myself. It
results from the factthat there is a direct connection
between two questions relating to the proper con-
duct of the Post Office Department, its facilities,
and success; one question being the abolition of
the franking privilege, and the other the increase
of the revenue by imposing a rate of five cents
instead of three cents on letter postage.
I recollect distinctly, about four years ago, when
these questions were mooted among members of
the Senate, and no one wished to offer the propo-
sition, I, myself, came forward and proposed to
increase the rate of postage from three cents to
five cents. I rocollcet that there was then on in-
disposition everywhere, among those who ought
properly to have taken the lead in a measure of
that character, national in itself, and which is so
interesting to^the countiv m many respects, to
bring forward the proposition, and I had to make
the motion myself; and, consequently, it stood
before the Senate upon its own merits, without
the aid of any fortuitous support that might be
derived from the statesmanlike reputation of the
mover. On that occasion the question of the abo-
lition of the franking privilege was connected with
my proposition to increase the rate of postage; and
those who were opposed to the increase of post-
age availed themselves of the aid of those who
were opposed to the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege; and by that means they were able to defeat
every movement that could be made in behalf of
a measure which was proposed for the purpose
of giving relief to the Post Office Department and
to the postal service of the country.
At the succeeding session I again called atten-
tion to the question, as the records will show, and
the same proposition was brought up to increase
the postage to five cents. It was sustained by the
highest authority fiom both sides of the Cham-
ber; it was shown conclusively that the revenues
of the Department ought to be increased in that
way in order to enable it to discharge its duties.
Then, when it was disconnected with the abolition
of the franking privilege, it succeeded in passing
the Senate, but it failed in the other House.
From this review of the history of the subject,
I have come to the belief that it is improper to
connect the abolition of the franking privilege
with the increase of postage. I believe the con-
nection is vicious in itself. I believe'the two
measures should be separated. In my judgment
it is best to take separately the question of the
abolition of the franking privilege. Acting upon
this impression, and knowing that there are a
number of members on the other side who believe
the franking privilege ought to be abolished, and
knowing that such is the universal sentiment of
all the members on this side, and to leave it to
future legislation as to the terms which shall be
made to carry out this reform wisely and reg-
ulailyand consistently with the public interest,
I shall change my vote to-day, and now support
the proposition to place upon this bill the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia; and I think I
shall adhere to it, let the consequences be what
they may. This is the position which I shall
certainly adopt, after the most honest and mature
reflection I have been able to give the subject. I
know it is not consistent with my first impres-
sions on this question; but lie who is so perfect
that he never changes upon a point of policy, is
too perfect for me. Upon a point of principle, I
am willing to stand; but I do not see any princi-
ple involved in the question whether we shall
attach this amendment to the present bill or reserve
it for the regular Post Office appropriation bill.
That is simply a question of policy.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I desire to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, so as to
fix the 10th of April as the time at which it shall
take effect. That will give our constituents time
to know that the law is changed, and will afford
us an opportunity of sending off the books that
have already been printed, and which they ought
to have.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 have no objection to that.
- Mr. NICHOLSON. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to prolong this discussion. Yesterday
I voted against the proposition to attach this meas-
ure to the piesent bill, and I shall vote against it
to-day. In giving that vote yesterday, I did not
mean to indicate what would be my course on this
measure if it were presented in another bill, on an
occasion and at a time when I thought it proper.
My own conviction is well settled, that the frank-
ing privilege of members of Congress ought to be
verymatenally reformed,if not entirely abolished.
All the arguments that have been made here against
it relate to the abuse of it, and the evils growing
out of the franking privilege of members of Con-
gress. Now, sir, we know that this privilege is
enjoyed by many others besides members of Con-
gress. I have heard nothing of the abuse of it by
ex-I^residonts and their widows. There is another
large closs who enjoy this privilege—I suppose
amounting to thousands; I refer to that class of
postmasters who receive at their offices only the
sum of $200, I believe. I have heard of no abuse
of this privilege by them. Whilst I am satisfied
that it has been abused by members of Congress,
if the experience of older members than myself is
to be relied on, whilst I am prepared on the proper
occasion to abolish it as to them, I am not pre-
pared to do so as to others without further light
as to the abuse of it, and the evils growing out of
it when enjoyed by others. This proposition abol-
ishes it entirely. The proposition which came
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads this morning does not entirely abolish it.
But, Mr. President, beyond this, I do not in-
tend, by my vote, to sanction this mode of legis-
lation. I believe it is wrong in principle to take an
appropriation bill, and particularly a deficiency
appropriation bill, for the purpose of grafting upon
it, by way of rider, a measure having necessarily
no sort of connection with it, and particularly
when the object is avowed, as it has been here, to
be to carry it through the other House on account
of the peculiar circumstances of the case.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Who has said
that?
Mr. NICHOLSON. The Senator from Geor-
gia avowed that.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is not a word of truth
in the statement.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Then I misunderstood
the Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is the report of the speech;
and it is not there.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I think the Senator said
substantially that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do notwant myself improp-
erly reported. There is no such thing in the
speech.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Then I misunderstood
the Senator. I certainly understood him, yester-
day or the day before, to say that he desired it to
be added to this bill, because it would go through
on this bill when it would not on another bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly: I said I wanted it
put on this bill, because this bill must pass.
Mr. NICHOLSON. That is the very thing I
alluded to. Now, sir, I do not wish to avail my-
self of this opportunity to carry out what I believe
would be a proper measure in itself—the abolition
of this privilege, at least so far as members of
Congress are concerned—by placing it on this bill
on the idea that this bill must necessarily pass.
I want this measure, as every other, to be consid-
ered maturely in both Houses, and to be decided
on its own merits; and on that principle it is that
I am not prepared to vote for the amendment as
it now stands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have listened
attentively to the Senator from Tennessee. The
reason which impelsme to change the vote which*
i gave yesterday, I think, is entitled to the respect
of every common-sense gentleman on this floor.
It is for the purpose of separating two measures,
in regard to one of which, as is charged and com-
monly admitted all around the Senate Chamber,
there is a corrupt use, a use in violation of law,
of the franking privilege. The other measure
which has been combined with that upon previous
occasions, is a proposition to increase the rate of
postage so as to give the Department a sufficient
revenue to carry oil its business properly. When-
ever the two are combined, you find that the ene-
mies of each reform draw support from the ene-
mies of the other, and they defeat the proposition.
The connection is vicious in itself, and it ought
to be forced asunder. With that view, I wish to
place the proposition to abolish the franking priv-
ilege upon this bill; for if the other House repre-
sent, as I think it fair to suppose that they do,
somewhat the sentiments of the Senators who now
occupy this floor, they will consent to the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; and if the House
differ from us, of course our amendment will be
rejected there. I wish to furnish the House an
opportunity to pass upon the question. If they
unite with us, the franking privilege will hb abol-
ished; but if they reject our amendment, the bill
will again come back, and we may abandon this
amendment if we choose, so as to pass the bill.
The benefit that arises from this to us is that it
will at least teach Senators that when they shall
have sought from another quarter to give relief to
the postal service of this country, they will not
touch the franking privilege as the mam means,
but take the advice of wiser men, of those most
familiar with the scrvice, and resort to the enlarge-
ment of the price of letter postage so as to increase
the revenue of the Post Office Department. Under
these circumstances, we can well feel that the gen-
tleman who offers a test of that character, by bfing-
in^ forward a measure to abolish the franking
privilege in connection with a proposition to in-
crease the revenues of the Department by raising
the rate of postage, is an enemy to any reform in
the Post Office Department. I hope, then, that
when the regular appropriation bill comes to us,
we shall not consider the subject of the franking
privilege, at least for the time being, but confine
ourselves to a sincere effort to secure a proper
payment for the transmission of the mail matter.
1 think that, on the present occasion, when all
the members on this side of the Chamber are in
favor of abolishing the franking privilege, and a
great many on the other side are, we had better
add this provision to the bill, and send it to the
House of Representatives, and let them act upon
it. if they should refuse to agree to our amend-
ments, we can then say that we will not defeat the
passage of this bill on that account. I also cer-
tainly say, if we arc rcduced to that condition, it
will be the duty of this body to look for relief to
the postal service from another quarter, and we
shall be bound to resort to the only other practi-
cable measure of relief; and that is, to increase
the revenue of the Department by raising the post-
age from three to five cents.
Mr. HAUN. Mr. President, I did .not intend
to say anything on this subject; but the Senator
from Arkansas, in giving us what he deems ex-
cellent reasons for having changed his opinion
since yesterday, undertakes to say, that any Sen-
ator who does not concur with his view of the
question, hardly entertains common sense 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Oh, no.
Mr. HAUN. The Senator's expression was,
that any gentleman of common sense would un-
derstand the reasons winch he gave.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg the par-
don of the Senator and of the Senate. I did not
mean to insult the Senate at all.
Mr. HAUN. I really thought the remark was
a singular one to come from that Senator. Per-
haps he did not mean to reflect upon the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly not.
Mr. HAUN. I voted, yesterday, against at-
taching this proviso to this bill, and I shall vote
against it again, no matter if all other Senators
should change their opinions. I have not yet
heard any reason which convinces my mind that
