i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2687
objecting to those claimants upon my mind. It I
would burden it, as it were, with lead. My con- !
science shrinks terrified at the very suggestion i
that 1 would objcct to such claims. A revenue
of jjl00,UU0,000'wcyild not pay me if I were ig-
noraiitly and capriciously to object to the charac-
ter of claims to which I have referred. If I ob-
jected to the claims of poor men who have served
the country, ignornntly and capriciously, I would
of necessity feel miserable and unhappy upon my
death-bed. I should die, sir, in miserable agony,
if 1 found that I had done such gross injustice in
my official capacity as a Representative of the
people. For men to get up and cry Veto—I object!
when they do not understand the case presented,
is a return to exploded principles. When a case
comes up and a member doubts as to whether it
ought to be passed or not, let him b.'ing the case
before the House, and let us discuss its merits.
Let us have at least five minutes'debate; and let us
deliberately decide it. Let my gallant friend from
Iowa, [Colonel Curtis,] of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, give us his opinion on the subject.
Let my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Long-
necker,] the adjutant of the voitigeur regiment
—one of tiie most gallant regiments that ever
served any country—give us his opinion and ex-
perience. Let these men tell us of these cases—
these men who have seen the cannon balls strike
down good men right and left; whose families
have been denied their just claims. Cases of the
kind arise every day, of good men and true; and
one solitary objection is interposed, and the claim
falls.
Mr. BINGHAM. I objcct to this discussion.
We have something else to do.
Mr. CRAIGh if North Carolina. I want to
say a woid.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is not a quorum pres-
ent, and the gentleman cannot occupy the time of
the House in debate.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ask con-
sent of the House to say a word.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 object.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I objected
to the gentleman from Maryland proceeding, and
the Chair decided that he had a right to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That was after
the gentleman from Maryland, by unanimous
consent, had progress with his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I objected,
and the Chair decided in his favor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Bobligny] objected to the
gentleman from Maryland pioceeding, but subse-
quently withdrew his objection, and there was
no further objection to his going on.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Chair
decided that my point of order was not well taken.
I desire now to ask the gentleman from Maryland
a single question. I do not desire, nor do 1 in-
tend, to make a speech. 1 must say, that I do
not think that I have been treated fairly in this
matter.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I object. All of this debate
is out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the House
hear the gentleman from North Carolina? [Cries
of "I object!" "I object!"]
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The Chair
decides one way for the gentleman from Maryland
and another way for me—against me and for him.
[Cries of "Order'." "Order!"] You can yell till
your lungs split.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is con-
scious of having honestly performed his duty.
Mr. BURNETT. We have punished ourselves
enough for one day, and I do hope that we will
adjourn.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I -objcct to further debate.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That was the
motion last acted upon.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has punished us many times during the
session with his speeches, and 1 rather like to see
him punished by being compelled to sit here.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand tellers on my
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn—only thirteen voting in favor
thereof.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. .Tustkin] has been
brought in, and I ask that lie be arraigned at the
bar of the House.
Mr. JUNKIN. I agree to consider myself
under arrest, *
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Has the gentle-
man been arrested ?
Mr. JUNKIN. I am constructively under ar-
rest.
The SPEAKER pre tempore. You will give
the House, then, your excuse for being absent
without its leave.
Mr. JUNKIN. I have no excuse in particu-
lar. I have been very constant in my attendance
upon th e meetings of this bod y. There has scarce! y
a vote by yeas and nays been taken during the
session but what my name is recorded upon the
Journal. But I understood last evening, when I
left the Hall, at a quarter past six o'clock, that
the House was about to adjourn, or to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, winch is the same thing.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is no excuse; and I
object to excusing the gentleman.
Mr. JUNKIN. I then went home and got my
dinner. 1 have no further excuse to offer.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman has been
prompt in his attendance, and I move that he be
excused.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. There are
other gentlemen in the same position, I ^ave no
doubt; and if we intend to exercise this power of
enforcing a quorum, it seems to mo that the
House would consult much better its own dignity
to proceed correctly and efficiently. I think the
gentleman who has just tendered his excuse to
the House is in no better situation than those
who have already been excused upon terms. I
think the least we can do, under the circum-
stances, is to excuse the gentleman upon the pay-
ment of fers. I therefore move, as an amend-
ment, that he be excused upon the payment of
fees. [A Voice. He has not been arrested.]
The gentleman cannot come before the House
unless he is brought before the House by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and he is absent.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. What is the
amount of the fees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Two dollars and
a half.
The Sf,rgeant-at-Arms here appeared at the
bar of the House, and said: Mr. Jujjkin's name
is reported among the names of the absentees;
and, upon going out into the lobby, I found him
there, and arrested him. He afterwards came in
through one of the side doors.
Mr. JUNKIN. I would ask the Sergeant-at-
Arms whether he had any warrant at Ihe time to
arrest me?
Tiie Sergeant-at-Arms. I had not.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The House has now
been in session eight or ten hours; and the House
will agree with me, that we have been acting a
most miserable farce, and 1 think it high time that
it was brought to a close. I therefore move that
all further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say to the House
that I have seen this matter of a call of the House
commenced repeatedly since I have been a mem-
ber of this body, and I have never yet seen a call
prosecuted through. It has always been sus-
pended.
Mr. BOULIGNY. If it has never been gone
through, it will bo this time. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURNETT. With all deference to my
friend from Louisiana, it will not be gone through
with this time. We will not get through with it
if we prosecute it four days. We could not gut
tlirough with it in a week.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Then take two weeks, four
weeks, or six weeks.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The question is
upon excusing the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
and while that question is before the House, the
Chair cannot permit irrelevant debate.
Mr. BURNETT. We may fine the gentleman
from Pennsylania, and in less than two hours we
will suspend this call—will suspend it and fine
this gentleman, while others who have Jlot been
as attentive as he has been to the business of the
House, and who are hardly ever hero late in the
evening, will not be arrested under the order of
this House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the
House, touching this arrest of members, that
where they are arrested and no fines are imposed
and collected by the Sergeant-at-Arms, a charge
of the fees is made against the Government, and
the Government has to pay $2 50 in every such
case. I desire to know of tiie gentleman from
Kentucky if he does not understand that those
fees are paid in that way ?
Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not. I understand that,
where no fine is imposed upon a member, the
Sergeant-at-Arms has no right to make a charge
against the Government.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to say,as a member
of the Committee of Accounts, that where a mem-,
ber is excused after he has been arrested, without
the imposition of a line, a charge is made against
the Government, and it is paid.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know how many
arrests have been made. If, as a mere matter
of amusement, we remain in session eight or ten
hours, engaged in this matter, I desire to have it
distinctly understood that we, who engage in it,
ought not to burden the Government with the
payment of these fees, for the amusement of some
and the annoyance of others.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order.
I must say that I do not think it relevant for this
House to enter in#> a debate upon the propriety
or impropriety of the action of the House while
we have this man in durance. The question is
upon the amendment of the gen tlemanfrom Mary-
land.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I hope all the gentlemen
who have absented themselves will be fined, and
the fees collected; and that they be imprisoned '
also, if necessary.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The point is, whether
this man shall be excused upon the payment of
§2 50. Therefoie the point of order of the gen-
' tieman from Iowa was improperly made, and I
was in order in my remarks, because it is a mat-
ter to be determined by the House, whether the
gentleman from Pennsylvania or the Government
shall pay the fee. 1 hope we shall carry out this
call, and execute the order of the House, and hear
excuses properly and with propriety, and then
let the House, upon the merits of the excuses,
determine whether or not gentlemen shall be
excused upon the payment of costs, or whether
they shall be saddled upon the Government. X
hope, therefore, the question will be taken with
a distinct understanding of the liability of the
Government.
Mr. SPINNER. I wish to correct a remark I
made. 1 meant by " charge" the fees prescribed
by the rules of the House. If the Sergeant-at-
Arms has made an arrest, he is entitled to the
fees; and if the House excuses a member without
the imposition of the fees, the Government pays
ihe fees.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And that is $2 SO.
Mr. SPINNER. It is.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I submitted
my amendment in good faith. I presume the
House is acting under the authority with which
it is invested. 1 have no doubt, in reference to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he is enti-
tled to the commendations which have been be-
stowed upon him, and the House in its imposi-
: j tion of iines, will discriminate between those who
jj have heretofore been neglectful and those who
I; have been attentive to the business of the House,
l ! though unfortunately they may have been caught
j i in this predicament. That is a matter for the
:! House to consider, but as has been urged by the
gentleman from Georgia, there is an expense
growing out of these proceedings. I understand,
with the gentleman from New York, that when
the House undertakes the enforcement of the
Etttendance of members, the process is issued to
the Sergeant-at-Arms, who executes the order of
the House, and if fees are not imposed upon a
; member, the expense falls upon the Government,
! because the Sergeant-at-Arms having executed
S the order of the House in good faith, entitled
' to his fees from some source. It is under the
! warrant of t he Speaker that the Sergeant 'it-Arms
