1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1748
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from Al-
abama withdraw his motion?
Mr. CURRY. I did.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
South Carolina has the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that this House
do now adjourn. Now, sir, I will give way fur
a moment to the gentleman from Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
in order; and the gentleman may take the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. ASHMORE. Can the gentleman take the
floor and move to adjourn, and then yield it to an-
other gentleman ?
The SPEAKER. He cannot.
Mr. ASHMORE. He has attempted to do it.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn,
and it was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a minority report from the special commit-
tee oil the Pacific railroad, accompanied by a bill;
which were ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the special committee.
PROPOSITION FOR RECESS AGAIN.
Mr. BONHAM. I now ask for a vote upon my
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and upon that 1 call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Aldrich and
Barr were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, nays 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs CbailesF. Adams, Allen, Alley, Ashley,
Avery, Bmfrham, Blair, Boeock, Biabson, Brayton, Bris-
tow, Buffinton, Burhngame, Buruham, Butleifield, Camp-
bell, Cobh, Colfax, Conklmg. TI Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Eliot, Ethei id?e, Foster, Good).
Gurlev, Hatton, Ilelmick, Houston, Humphrey, Hutchtnsj
Irvine, Jone-5, Junkin, Keitt, Francis W. Ivellopir, Kunkcl,
Leake, Loomis, Lovejoy, Malloiy, McKean, MePherson,
Miles, Million, Laban T. Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy
Moriij>, Moise, Olin, Paltner, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit,
Pottei, Pottle, Quailes, Rie<i, Christopher Robm-on', Rovce,
Schwaitz, Sudawiek. Sherman, Somes, Spinner, Stokes.
Tompkins, Trimble, Yandever, Verree, Walton, Isiael
Washburn. Wells, Windon-!, and Woodruff—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain,Thomas L. Anderson, Willtam
C. Anderson, Ashmore, Babbitt, Baiksdale, Ban, Heale,
Blake, lion ham, Bouhjiny, JJiancli. iiuieh, Burnett. Carter,
Case, Horace F. Clack. John B. Clark, John Coehiane,
Cooper, Coi win, James Craitr. Buiton Craige. Curti-, De
Jamette, Edmundson. Floienee, Gatfrell, Gilmer, llale,
Hamilton, Hardeman, J. Mormon Harris, John T. Hams,
Hickman, Hill, Holman, llowaid, Hughes, Jack-on. Jen-
kins, William 'lvelloire, Lamar. James M. L^ach. Logan,
Longneeker, Chailes D. Mai tin, Maynaul, McKmjjht, Mc-
Rae, Milhvard, Montsomeiy, Sydenham Moore, Moor-
head, Nelson, Vihlaok. NocU, Phel^, Potter, Piyor. Pugh,
Reagan, Rigcs, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Seranton, Sickles,
Simms, Simrleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
StalKvorth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stout, Strattori,
Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Theaker, Thomas, Vallandisjham,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Webster, Wilson, and Woodson
—88.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. BRANCH, when his name was called,
said: I am m favor of an adjournment, but I am
opposed to putting the desks back. I therefore
vote " ay."
Mr. CAREY, not having- been within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRANCH, after the call of the roll was
completed, said: Mr. Speaker, I wish to change
my vote. I am very much averse to having the
desks put back, but under the circumstances I
will change my vote, and vote " no."
Mr. HILL said: Mr. Speaker, I was preparing
to give the same reason for my vote. I am utter-
ly opposed to the restoration of the desks, but
am in favor of the proposed adjournment. I
therefore vote " no."
Mr,. VALLANDIGHAM said: I, too,voted to
lay the resolution on the table, because I am op-
posed to the restoration of the desks. But if we
can rescind the resolution ordering the restora-
tion of the desks, I shall vote against laying the
resolution on the table. I change my vote, and
vote " no."
Mr. SINGLETON said: Asl want our friends
to have a fair chance of voting on this question,
and do not want to see them cut off in this way,
I change my vote, and vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced, as above
recorded.
The question recurred on Mr. Ronham's reso-
lution.
Mr. BONHAM. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. kONHAM. Let us have a square vote
upon the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. No, thank you; we will
have a vote on the motion to adjourn, and have it
by yeas and nays, too.
rMr. ASHMORE. Could the gentleman from
New York take the floor from my colleague to
submit his motion to adjourn? Is that a ques-
tion of higher privilege than my colleague's?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Bonham] yielded the floor when
he moved the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is even a motion to
adjourn in order, after the House has seconded
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask whether a motion to
adjourn over to a period beyond to-morrow is not
a question of higher privilege than a motion to
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; but the proposition of
the gentleman from South Carolina is a concur-
rent icsoiution, which is a very different matter
from what the gentlemanfrom Tennessee suggests.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to gentlemen, and
ask them why they will not give us a square vote
on the resolution: for if the House adjourn now,
this question will come up again.
The SPEAKER. It will come up again to-
morrow morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I insist on my motion to
adjourn, and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ASHMORE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York whether he intends to resort
to parliamentary rules to prevent any further ac-
tion on the resolution to-night? If he does, I for
one am willing to abandon the question, &nd let it
go over till to-morrow, so that we may adjourn
now without taking the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. In answer to the gentleman
from South Carolina, I will state, with great frank-
ness, that I intend to resort to every fair means of
preventing an adjournment of the House, on any
pretext whatever, for any such length of time as
is fixed in the resolution.
Mr. ASHMORE. Then I hope the yeas and
nays will not be called.
Mr.CONKLING. Then, with that understand-
ing, and if it be in order, I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to any arrangement
by which we will agree to adjourn the House.
Let the roll be called.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam5;, Aldrich, Allpy,
Ashley, Beale, Bmgham, Blair, Brafton, Bristow, Baffin-
ton, Burhngame, Burnham, Butteifield, Campbell, Coh'ax,
Conklmg, Covode, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edwiuds, Eliot, Frank, Gooch, Gurley, Hel-
miek, Houston, Howard, Humphrey, Hutchin>, Jivme,
Jone*, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Leake, Longneeker,
Loomis, Lovciow Marston, Charles D. Martin, McKean,
MePherson, Mile*, Millson, Morrill, Moise, Olin, Palmer,
Pendleton, Peny, Pettit, Portei, Pottle, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes,
Stokes, Tompkins, Trimble, Yandever, Yeriee, Walton,
Cadwalader <J. Washburn, Israel Washburn, Wells, Win-
dom, and Woodruff*—73.
NAY'S—Messrs. Adrain,Thomas L. Anderson, William
C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt, Blake, Bonham,
Brabsou, Branch, Burch, Burnett, Caiey, Carter, Case,
Hoiaee F. Claik, John B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cooper, James Craig, Buiton Craige, Curry, Curtis, De
Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Gartielt,
Gilmer, Hale, Hamilton, Hardeman, John T.Harris, Hatton,
Hickman, Hill, Ilolman, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Keitt,
William Kellogg, Kenyon, Lamar, James M\ Leach, Lo*an,
Maliory, Maynard, McKnight, McRae, Millward, Mont-
gomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead,
Nelson, Niblack, Noel], Phelps, Potter, Pryor, Pugh,
Gtuarles, Rigcs, Ruffin, Rust, Seott, Seranton, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stout,
Stiatton, Tappan, Taylor, Thayer, Theaker,Thomas, Val-
landijrham, Webster, Wilson, and Woodson—-90..
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. ASHMORE stated that"*Mr. McQueen*
was paired with Mr. Morris, of Illinois.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that his col-
league, Mr. WASHBtrRNE,was detained athishouse
by severe indisposition.
Mr. CORWIN stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Etheridge.
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, was absent on account of sickness in
his family,and was paired off with Mr. Martin",
of Virginia.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said: As the main
question has been ordered, and the resolution
must come up to-morrow, I vote " ay."
_Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, (not having been
within the bar when his name was calied,) asked
leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. As this i$a mere question of
adjournment, I propose that, by unanimous con-
sent, the reading of the names be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the reading was dis-
pensed with.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
when the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next; and on that 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BONHAM. I submit that there is no
other question in order now except my resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that, under the practice of the House, the motion
of the gentleman from Maine is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that, if it be
attempted to press this resolution to a vote to-
night, it will lead to interminable delay. If the
House adjourn now, the resolution will come up
to-morrow morning.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I want Penn-
sylvanians to understand whether they want a
tariff or not. If they want to vote so as that
they shall have no tariff, I want them to say so.
Mr. FLORENCE. That depends altogether
upon what sort of a tariff it is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have an amend-
ment which I ask the gentleman from South Caro-
lina to accept.
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
modified in the present condition of the question,
the previous question having been seconded. The
question is now on the motion of the gentleman
from Maine, that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Wednesday.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I want to know whether it is
in order for the gentleman from Maine to filibus-
ter here because he does not like a majority of the
votes?
Mr. FLORENCE. And whether the tariff can
be obtained in this way? Will mycolleague add
that to his question ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. And whether Maine
is going to assist Pennsylvania, as she did in the
tariff of 1847 ?
Mr. BURNETT. 1 submit to the considera-
tion of the Chair and the gentleman from Maine,
whether the motion of the gentleman from Maine
is in order ? There is amotion now pending to ad-
journ the House from agiven time to agiventime.
It seems to me that the motion of the gentleman
from Mainewould be in orderif it were an amend-
ment to that, but that it is not in order as an in-
dependent proposition.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina is a concurrent reso-
lution, and the motion of the gentleman from
Maine is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I inquire of the Chair,
whether, if the House adjourns now, this resolu-
tion will not come up the first thing to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether he is willing to
