302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
36th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Property in Territories—Mr, Douglas.
Senate.
laws of the Territories work this grant of power to the Ter-
riioriai Legislature ? Certainly not; and that it did not, is
evinced by the fact that, at a subsequent period, the organic
act was revised, because the legislation of the Territory of
Kansas was offensive to the Congress of the United States.
Congress could not abdicate its authority; it could not aban-
don its trust; and when it omitted the requirement that the
laws should be sent back, it created a casus which re-
quired it to act without the official records bemg laid before
it, as they would have been if the obligation had existed.
That was all the difference."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, I wish to say, that if he had
submitted to me those extracts as the text upon
which he was going to speak, I should have made
some verbal corrections, which would have more
clearly expressed my opinion. However, as lie
has joined issue with me upon the report as it
stands, let it be; but, with his permission, I wish
to say a word in relation to a point which will not
at all affect his discourse, but which bears upon
another. It is with regard toa gentleman referred
to there as a good and great man—and 1 cordially
believe him both: the history of the times has
enabled every one to know that I referred to Mr.
Cass. I wish to say that an omission at the close
of a sentence, after the word " sent," may leave
the inference that the letter was submitted to know
whether it was to be sent to the person to whom
it was addressed. It would bean error if anyone
supposed so. It was read _to certain gentlemen to
ascertain if,in their view, it should be sentoutas
an expression of our opinions, as an exposition of
the party creed, or the opinions of the party at
that time. And so, in relation to the adherence of
that good and great man to the opinion he then ex-
pressed, it implies, what I believe, that he adheres
to that opinion as an abstract opinion still; but I
should do great injustice to him if I left any one
to suppose that 1'thought that he, in defiance of
the decision of the Supreme Court, still adhered
to that opinion, and had not yielded his entire and
implicit accjuiesccnce in the decision which the
court has given upon the point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have yielded to the Senator
from Mississippi to make this explanation, and I
am gratified that he has had ail opportunity to
make it. I did not submit these extracts to him,
for 1 took it for granted that lie was correctly re-
ported in the Globe, which I found on our tallies.
I heard no intimation from him that he had been
misreported.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not say so. 1 never revise
the manuscript of the reporters.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 only desire now to say to
the Senator that, while I yielded to this explana-
tion, I shall be obliged to lam and to all others if
they will allow me to go through with my re-
marks without interruption, (as 1 did in his ease,)
for the reason that I have a great deal of ground
to travel over to-day in this debate, which will
exhaust my strength, and, I fear, your patience;
and he will have ail opportunity of replying to
me when 1 shall be through. 1 intend to treat him
fairly, kindly,and courteously, in all that I have
to say. as 1 doubt not it ever has been his inten-
tion to treat me in debate.
With this explanation, I shall proceed to re-
mark, that the facts stated in the copious extracts
from the Senator's speech, which have been read,
conclusively show that the doctrine of squatter sov-
ereignty, or popular sovereignty, or non-inter-
vention, as the Senator lias indifferently styled it
in different parts of his spceeh, did not originate
with me, in its application to the Territories of
the United States; that it was distinctly pro-
claimed by General Cass in what is known as his
Nicholson letter; that the issue was then distinctly
presented to the country in the contest of 184ti;
that General Cass became the nominee of the
Democratic party with a full knowledge of his
opinions upon the question of non-intervention;
that he was supported by the party on that issue;
that the same doctrine of non-intervention was
incorpoiatcu into the compromise measures of
1850, 111 opposition to the views and efforts of the
Senator from Mississippi, and in harmony with
the views and etfro ts of myself; that it was reaf-
firmed by the Democratic party in the Baltimore
convention of lbo2: that General Pierce waselected
President of the United States upon this same
doctrine of non-intervention; that it was again
affirmed by the Congress of the United States, in
the Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854; and that it had
its first trial, and yielded its first fruits, upon the
plains of Kansas in 1853^and 1856.
These facts are distinctly and positively affirmed
by the Senator from Mississippi. These facts
conclusively disprove and refute the charges so
often made in the Senate Chamber within the last
year, so erroneously and so unjustly made against
me, that I have changed my opinions in regard to
this question since 1856. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi has done me a service-: he has searched
the records with a view to my condemnation, and
the result of his researches is to produce the most
conclusive and incontestable evidence that this
charge of having changed my opinions on this
question, and which was made the pretext for my
removal from the Committee on Territories, was
not true. He tells you frankly, what the world
knew before, that he had always opposed this
doctrine of non-intervention; that he and I always
differed upon that point. He always regarded it
as a fallacy; I as a sound principle. He claims
that, after it has yielded its blighting effects upon
the plains of Kansas, the Supreme Court has come
to the rescue, and that he now is triumphantly
sustained in his opposition to this doctrine in
1848,1850, and 1851. Sir, whether we have been
sustained and our consistency vindicated is not
so material as to find out which is right in the point
at issue, then and now, between the Senator from
Mississippi and myself.
1 propose, in the first place, to irwite the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact, that the doctrine
of non-intervention by Congress with slavery in
the Territories was brought distinctly before the
American people, and especially before the Dem-
ocratic party, in 1847, with a view to its decision
by the convention of the party that was to assem-
ble at Baltimore in 1848. The Senator has re-
ferred to the letter of General Cass, known as the
Nichorson letter, which bears date the 24th of
December, 1847. He tells the Senate, (what most
of us knew personally and privately who were
here at that day,) that that letter, in manuscript,
was passed around among southern and north-
western Democrats, to receive their sanction before
its publication. The letter was prepared, and in
private circulation, for days and weeks before the
date which it now bears 111 its publication. The
Senator from Mississippi informs us—and un-
questionably with entire accuracy of recollection
—that he, at the time, dissented from the doctrine
of non-intervention, as stated in the Nicholson
letter. Other southern Senators, now opposed to
me—at any rate, other leading distinguished pol-
iticians, I will not speak of Senators,—would not
be able to say that, when it was submitted to them
for their approval or disapproval, tliey condemned
it as frankly as the Senator from Mississippi did.
During this period, while this letter was being
privately cnculated, to sue how far it would re-
ceive the sanction of the representative men of the
Democratic party, the especial friend, the right
bower of Generai Cass in that great contest—Mr.
Daniel S. Dickinson, of New York—presented to
the Senate two resolutions embodying the same
doctrine. I will ask my friend from Ohio to read
those two resolutions.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"Resolved, That true policy icquires the Government of
the United t-it.uej. to ^tK'nirtilen it* puhfical ligations upon
thi* continent by the. aniie\atinn of Mich contiguous terri-
toiy as may conduce to that crut and ran bo justly obtained,
and that, neither in <uch acquisition noi in the teintorial
organization theieof, can anv conditions be constitution-
ally imposed, oi institution* be provided for or established,
ineon>e-tenf with the lights ot the people tiieieot to form a
fiee >o\ eiei"ii Slate, with the powci* and privileges of the
oii2in.il niPtnbei* of the < 'onfederaov.
'• Resolved, That m mganizuu: a teiritonal government
foi teuitoiy belonging to the United States, the principles
of-c If go\«rnmem, upon which our ledeiativ e *ystem rest?,
will be be^-t promoted, the true spirit and meaning of the
Constitution be; observed, and the Confederacy stienjjh-
ened, by leaving all questions concerning the domestic
policy theiem to tUe Loqi*lature cho-en by the people
theieof."—Coa°ref>nonal Globe, vol. 18, p. 21.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be observed that these
resolutions of Mr. Dickinson, which were pre-
sented to the Senate on the 14th of December,
1847, assert distinctly the very doctrine which the
Senator from Mississippi then denounced and
now denounces, and winch 1 then and eversincc
affirmed, and now affirm. I am not aware that
Mr. Dickinson or Generai Cass has ever modified
his views, much less disclaimed the doctrines of
these resolutions and of the Nicholson letter. Yet
my record on this question is held up to the Sen-
ate and to the country as if I stood alone in the
Democratic party—a heretic then, a heretic now—
and was therefore not entitled to fellowship in the
regular Democratic organization. I am aware,
sir, that some of the people and some of the States
of this Union now hold different doctrines from
those they formerly held upon this subject of
non-intervention—or squatter sovereignty, as the
Senator is pleased to call it, for he uses them as
convertible and synonymous terms—non-inter-
vention being the shibboleth of the party, and
popular sovereignty, or squatter sovereignty, an
incident or result only, but not the test, of politi-
cal orthodoxy.
I will call attention upon this point to a resolu-
tion adopted by the Legislature of Florida, passed
in the Senate of that State on the 28th of Decem-
ber, 1847, and in the House of Representatives on
the 29th of December, 1847, and approved by the
Governor on the 30th of December of the same
year. I find these resolutions in the code of laws
of Florida published by authority of the Legis-
lature of that State. I am aware that Florida sub-
sequently passed resolutions asserting doctrines
inconsistent with these; but I cite these resolu-
tions as evidence that the doctrine of non-inter-
vention, for which I am now arraigned, was not
deemed to be a political heresy at that day. It may
not be improper here to remaik that, during this
session of Congress, I received a letter from a
State Senator in Florida, inclosing resolutions
which he had introduced for the repeal of those
resolutions, and denouncing the resolutions,which
I will read, as being unsound, revolutionary, un-
constitutional, dangerous to the rights of the South,
and denouncing me by name as the great author
of all this mischief thatwas to strike down south-
ern rights. I will ask my friend from Ohio to
read the second and third resolutions, which bear
particularly on this point—for the first only relates
to the Wilmotproviso—in oider to show what the
Legislature of Florida thought and said in 1847
upon this subject.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"Snc. 2. Be it fuithcr icsolied, That, in the opinion of
thi* General A<?se'mhlv, a pi-t and correct interpretation of
the Constitution of the United States rest* m the territo-
rial, as well as the State, Legislature's exclusive jurisdiction
over the persons of individuals within their respective lim-
its ; and that it would be aibitiaiy, unjust, and a usuipation
of povvci on the pait ol Congress., to annex conditions to
the admi<«ion of a Slate into the Union, oi the annexing a
Teiritoiy thereto, involving the unlit ot jmiMiiction in Con-
gicssovei this subject, which exclusively belongs to the
Territory itselj hefoic its admission into the Union, and to
the State afterwaids.
" Sec. 3. Be it further resolve<1, That it would be an arbi-
trary usurpation of power on the part of Congress to ex-
clude slavery Irotn any such teuitoiy a* may bcit.alter be
acquired by the United State*, eithei by\v;ivof indemnity,
by conquest, or bv purchase; that the people of the Teiri-
toiy alone have the right to detennine upon this subject;
and it is foi them, while they lemain a Teiritoiy, and lor the
State, when they shall ask to be admitted as a State, to say
whether the institution of slaveiy shall exist within the
limits of such Territory or State; they having, by a just in-
terpretation of the Constitution, exclusive ,iuus>diction over
the subject-matter withm their limits."—Laws of the State
of Florida, 1845 to 1849, p. 83.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will he observed that in
these resolutions the Stateof Florida declared that,
by a correct consti uction of the Constitution of the
United States, a Territorial Legislature, while in
a territorial condition, had the exclusive right to
determine for itself whether slavery should or
should not exist within the limits of such Terri-
tory. As 1 have already remarked, Florida sub-
sequently changed her policy on that subject. If,
however, she solemnly proclaimed that doctrine
to the world, in the name of a sovereign State of
this Union, telling the northern Democracy on
what terms and conditions Florida would hold
fellowship with them, and we accepted the doc-
trine, I should think she could forgive us for re-
maining faithful to her creed, if we can forgive
her for abandoning it. I arraign no man; I much
less arraign a sovereign State. She had the right
to proclaim her opinions; and if subsequently she
came to the conclusion that they were wrong, she
ought to change them; but having proclaimed
them, and then changed them, it seems to me a
little indulgence, even "quarter," should be grant-
ed by Florida to those who stand by Florida's
oiigimd position.
