I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
368
36xh Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
- Senate.
Florida was not the only southern State whose
Democracy held these doctrines in 1847, prior to
the nomination of General Cass for the Presi-
dency. I find here some resolutions adopted by
the Democratic State convention of Georgia, held
at Milledgeville, in December, 1847. I have not
the entire proceedings. I have seen these resolu-
tions in several Georgia papers recently, with the
statement of the gentleman who either reported
them or concurred in their passage, and with a
further statement that these resolutions were
copied and adopted by several State conventions
in other southern States at that period. On that
newspaper authority, and that alone, I read these
resolutions, so far as I find them published iu the
papers, bearing on this question. It is proper to
state that in the proceedings of the convention it
appears that certain gentlemen, eminent for abil-
ity, eminent for their devotion to southern rights,
eminentfor their position in the Democratic party,
were present, and concurred in these proceedings.
Among these I find F. H.Cone, E. A. L. Atkin-
son, Jesse Carter, W. s. Johnson, Robert Grif-
fin, Thomas Hilliard, W. W. Wiggins, E. W.
Chastain, "VV. J. JLawton, s. W. Colbert, and D.
Phillips. I find, also, Hon. Mr. Jackson, mem-
ber of Congress, and Hon. Lucius ci. C. Lamar,
now a Representative in Congress from Missis-
sippi, but then a citizen of Newton county, Geor-
gia. I will ask my friend from Ohio to read these
Georgia resolutions, which were good Democ-
racy at that day, and were copied and adopted by
several other southern States in their Democratic
State conventions.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
(< Resolved, That Congress possesses no power under the
Constitution to legislate in any way or maimer in relation
to the institution of slavery, it the constitutional u?ht
of everv citizen to remove and settle with inn proper ty'm
any of the Territories of the United States.
" Resolved, That the people of tin: riouth do not aMt of
Congress to establish the institution of ^kivciy ni «mv of the
Territories that may be acquired bv the United States; they \
simply require that the inhabitants of cach Territory shall
he left free to determine for thcmteltes itkcthcr the xnstitu- '
tion of slavery shall or shall not jorm. a part oj' their social
system."
Mr. DOUGLAS. There again, sir, we find
the doctrine of non-intervention distinctly defined
by the Democratic State convention of Georgia.
Two distinct propositions arc affirmed; one is,
that Congress has no constitutional power to
legislate upon the subject of slavery in the Terri-
tories. That, I should think, was pretty distinct
non-intervention. You cannot legislate against
it; yon cannot legislate for it; you cannot touch
the subject at all m the Territories. Now, sir, it
may be, and unquestionably is, true that some
of the eminent men who participated in that State
convention of Georgia have since changed their
opinions upon this subject, and now believe just
as conscientiously that it is both within the power
and the duty of Congress to legislate for the pro-
tection of slavery in the Territories, as they then
believed it was unconstitutional for Congiessto
do so. All I have to say of those eminpnt gentle-
men, for whose talents I have great respect, is,
that if I can forgive them for having abandoned
the very doctrine that they invited us of the North
to rally in support of, 1 think they may pardon
us for remaining faithful to that doctrine which
they and we agieed to stand by.
In pursuing this subject, I am afraid that I shall
become tedious to the Senate; but still I feel it
my duty to present full evidence upon this point,
showing that the Democratic party, from lS48to
this day, have stood pledged, as a cardinal article
in their creed, to the doctrine of non-intervention;
and for that purpose I shall be compelled to have
various extracts, and some long ones, read, and
perhaps to be somewhat tedious in the exposition
of the subject.
i have already shown on high authority—south-
ern authority—that when the Baltimore conven-
tion assembled in May, 184b, to nominate aJJem-
oc"ratic candidate for the Presidency, and to lay
down a platfoi m for the party, the attention of the
country, the especial attention of the Democratic
party of the southern States as well as of the north-
ern Suites, had been particularly called to this
doctrine of non-intervention by Congress with sla-
very in the Territories; and hence the nomination
of General Cass, with his opinions as expressed in
the Nicholson letter, was not the result of acci-
dent or inadvertence; but he was chosen because
his sentiments were thesentiments of the vast ma-
jority of the Democratic party, North and South.
I have looked into the proceedings of the conven-
tion at Baltimore in 1848, when General Cass was
nominated, and made an abstract of the votes. I
find that, in the slaveholding States, General Cass
received, on the first ballot for the nomination, 66
votes: Mr. Buchanan, 19 votes; Mr. Woodbury,
15; Mr. Calhoun, 9; General Worth, 6; Mr.Dal-
las, 3. The following are the southern States
that voted for General Cass on the first ballot:
Delaware, 3 votes; Maryland, 6 votes; Virginia,
17 votes; Mississippi, 6 votes; Louisiana,6 votes;
Texas, 4 votes; Arkansas, 3 votes; Tennessee, 7
votes; Kentucky, 7 votes; Missouri, 7 votes.
These States did not then think thatnon-interven-
tion—or squatter sovereignty, as it is now called
in derision—was such a fatal heresy as to furnish
sufficient cause for disrupting the Democratic
party, much less for dissolving the American
Union. They voted for General Cass with a
knowledge of his opinions on this question; and
he was their first choice. Old Virginia did not take
him then as a choice of evils. She had the oppor-
tunity of voting for a southern man, illustrious
for his talents, public services, and devotion to
southern rights. She had the opportunity of vot-
ing at that time for Mr. Calhoun, of South Caro-
lina, on his platform. Old Virginia then believed
that intervention on the subject of slavery meant
disunion. Hcnce she rejected intervention, and
gave lier vote, first, last, and all the time, for Gen-
eral Cass, the expounder, the embodiment of non-
intervention. The same remark is true of Mis-
sissippi, represented now so ably by the Senator
who turaigned me the other day. lie tells us that
lie always fought this doctrine of non-interven-
tion. So he has; but at that time he had not the
same power m the State of Mississippi; he had
not made the same impress on that people, by his
eminent talents and great public services, as he has
since; and hence he was then unable to seduce
Mississippi away from the doctrine of non-inter-
vention. Louisiana, too, then true to the Demo-
cratic creed; true to the doctrine of non-intervcn-
tion; true to the maintenance of the Union; hostile
to intervention—because intervention led directly
to disunion—rallied around General Cass as the
standard-bearer in 1848, first, last, and all the
time. So of the other Sfntes which 1 have named.
On the fourth ballot, (which was the last one,
and the one on which General Cass was nomin-
ated by a two-thirds vote,), in the slaveholding
States, General Cass received 94 votes.; Mr. Bu-
chanan, 7 votes; Mr. Woodbury, 13 votes; Gen-
eral Worth, 1; General Butler, 3. The southern
States voting for General Cass were: Delaware,
3; Maryland, 6; Virginia, 17; North Carolina, 11;
South Carolina, 9; Georgia, 10; Mississippi, 6;
Louisiana, 6; Texas, 4; Arkansas, 3; Tennessee,
7: Kentucky, 7 ;Missouri, 7. Even South Carolina,
when she found that her own favorite had no
chance of a nomination—so soon as she found that
General Cass was the choice of a majority of the
party—wheeled into line, surrendered her prefer-
ence, and declared the champion of non-interven-
tion as her next choice for the Presidency. Then
she did nut think this doctrine was sufficicntcause
either to dissolve the Union or to disrupt the Dem-
ocratic party.
On the first ballot the northern Sfates gave Cass
59; Woodbury,39; Buchanan,32; showing that
General Cass received only 59 out of 130 northern
votes cast, New York not voting in consequence
of her double delegation; and in all the slavehold-
ing States he received, on the first ballot, 66 out
of 118 votes, being a majority of the whole num-
ber. These facts show that General Cass was
not the choice of a majonty of the northern De-
mocracy at that time, but was the choice of a
majority of the southern Democracy.
Now, I shall proceed to show that these votes
were cast with distinct reference to the doctrine
of non-intervention as now supported by myself i
and affirmed by the Democratic party at Charles- '
ton, and as resisted by the Senator from Missis-
sippi and those who seceded from the Charleston
convention. General Cass, on the fourth ballot,
received the nomination. The whole number of
votes cast was 257; necessary to a choice, 170.
Thereupon the record says:
" Lewis Cass, of Michigan, having received two thirds
of the whole number of votes cast,
"The chairman declared him duly nominated bythe con-
vention as the candidate for President.
" The announcement of this result by the Chair was fol-
lowed by enthusiastic and long-continued applause, the
members of the various delegations almost universally
springing to their feet, and uniting in one spirit-stirring
shout of approbation.
" Mr. Toucey, of Connecticut, rose simultaneously with
Mr. Brycc, of Louisiana, to move that tho.se States whose
delegates had not voted for General Cass, might have an
opportunity of changing their vote, so that the nomination
might be unanimous. This motion was agreed to, and the
States whose votes had not been cast wholly for Mr. Cass,
being called"—
the other States went on to change their votes
and to make the nomination unanimous. They
were proceeding to declare General Cass nomi-
nated on tho votes of two thirds of the members
present, not two thirds of the whole number of
votes in the electoral college. Here you find an
express decision that two thirds of those present
and voting,' and not two thirds of the whole elec-
toral college was the rule; New York not voting,
because she had a double deJegation, and neither
would consent that the other should sit with them.
Then speeches were made in favor of making the
nomination unanimous: *
"Mr. McCandless of the Pennsylvania delegation, Mr.
Humphreys of Maryland, Mr. Wells of New Hampshire,
Mr. Turney of Tennessee, Mr. Touccy of Connecticut,
Mr. Carey of Maine, Messrs. Rantoul and llallett of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Hibbard of New Hampshire, Mr. Pearee
of Rhode Island, and Mr. R. P. Thompson of New Jersey,
in brief and eloquent speeches, announced the unanimous
vote of their delegation for the nominee of the convention,
and pledging him their cordial and united suppoit."
These gentlemen had thus far opposed General
Cass, because they preferred other men; but they
felt it their duty to withdraw their opposition, and
support him as the standard-bearer of the party.
Thereupon,
"Mr. Yancey, of Alabama, stated that he desired to have
the platfonn—on which they intended to place ifoe candi-
date—erected before he would be prepared to pledge his
support.
"Mr. Winston, of Alabama, pledged the people of Ala-
bama to sustain the nominee.
" Messrs. King, J. E. Morse, Sydenham Moore, Scott,
and Covvden, each united in the pledge given by Mr. Win-
ston."
Some eminent names in those days arc here
who did not think that the doctrine of non-inter-
vention was such a fatal heresy as to form a suf-
ficient justification for disrupting the Democratic
party, even at the hazard of a dissolution of the
Union. Governor Winston, I believe, is well
known m Alabama—an eminent citizen He
pledged Alabama for General Cass on this doc-
trine of non-intervention, carrying the Nicholson
letter in his hand as tho compass by which his
political action was to be governed. Sydenham
Moore is not a name unknown to "fame"—a
most worthy man, eminent in ability, and stand-
ing well in Alabama, and now represents that
State with ability and zeal in the House of Rep-
resentatives. He did not regard this doctrine of
non-intervention as a fatal blow at southern rights,
and he felt authorized to pledge Alabama to the
support of General Cass. "Mr, Avant, of Ten-
nessee, and Mr. Magoffin, of Kentucky, spoke m
favor of the nominees, pledging the support of
their respective States;" and the nest day the
platform was adopted, in which the doctrine of
non-intervention was affirmed in the seventh res-
olution, which is so familiar that, perhaps, it is
unnecessary to read it. ["Let us hear it."] Let
it be read.
Mr. PUGII read, as follows:
" 7. That Congress has no power under the Constitution
to interleie with or control th" domestic institutions of the
several States, and that Mifh State's* aic tiiesoleand piopcr
judges of everything appertaining to their own affairs, not
piohibited by the Constitution : that all efforts of the Abo-
litionists o  otheis, made to induce Confess to interfere
with questions of slaveiy, oi to tak'v incipient steps in rela-
tion thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarming
and dangeious consequences ; and that all such efforts ha\e
an inevitable tendency to dimmish thf happiness of iho
people, and endanger the stability and permanency of the
Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any triend of
our political in-litunuus."
Mr. douglas. In 1848, the Democratic con-
vention were of the opinion that, to countenanco
any interim iciice with shuery by Congress was
dangerous to the peace and harmony of thecoun-
