304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 15,
36th Cong. ... 1st Bess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
try, and tended to a dissolution of the Union; that
they would not permit this interference by Aboli-
tionists or others. They did not regard the inter-
ventionist then any better than the Abolitionist.
Southern interventionists and northern interven-
tionists, by the fair intendment of that platform,
were put on an equality. After that platform was
adopted, Mr. Yancey, of Alabama, felt it to be
his duty to record his solemn protest against this
dangerous heresy of the Territorial Legislatures
deciding on the slavery question. He came into
the convention the next day, May 26, with an
elaborate report against this dogma, this heresy
promulgated by General Cass in his Nicholson
letter, signed by William L.Yancey of Alabama,
John C. McGehee of Florida, and J. M. Com-
mander of South Carolina, accompanied with a
resolution. I shall ask the Senate to listen pa-
tiently to the entire report of Mr. Yancey upon
that occasion, for it embraces every thought, ev-
ery idea, every pinciple, every pretext assigned
at Charleston for withdrawing from the recent
convention. In order that I may do Mr. Yancey
full justice, I shall ask the Senate to listen to the
entire report,the resolution, and the vote thereon.
It is only one column of Niles's Register. I may
here be permitted to remark, that, by anything 1
have said, or may say of him here, I mean no
personal disrespect to Mr. Yancey. We are old
personal fiiends. We met as members of Con-
gress seventeen years ago. Our social relations
have always been uninterrupted. I haveasrriuch
admiration as any man living for his brilliant, his
surpassing ability, for his great social qualities,
and for the boldness and the nerve with which he
avows his principles and follows them to their
logical consequences; although 1 shrink with hor-
ror from the consequences to which his princi-
ples would lead this Republic. 1 ask my friend
from Ohio to read that, entire report.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" Mi. Yancey then ro e and said that he approved most
eoidially of the resolutions, with a single exception. He
then begged to present the icpoit of the minority of the com-
mittee, which is as follows:
'•The underfilled, a minority of the committee on res-
olutions, ask leave respectfully to submit a minority report
to this convention.
u Believing that the micccs^ of the Democratic party
will depend solely upon the truth or untiuth of the principles
avowed by thi> convention, and hy the nominee theieof,
the undersigned cannot give their assent to the report ol the
majority. The nominee of this convention is understood
to entertain the opinion that Congress has no right to inter-
fere witli the question of slavery in the States or Territo-
ries,but that the people inhabiting a Territoiy have the ex-
clusive right to exclude it therefrom. The majority of your
committee have only adopted this principle as far as appli-
cable to the States, and have thus refused, in the avowal of
the caidinul principles of the Democracy, to express any
opinion upon what is really the most excitingand important
political topic now before the country, leaving the people
to lind an exposition ot the views of the great Dcmoeiaue
party of the Union, and of the probable course of its Rep.
resentatives in Congress m the avowed opinions of their
nominee for the office of President.
" This course we conceive to be fundamentally wiong.
It has evei hern the pride of the Democracy that it has
dealt fiankly and honestly with the people. It hasseoined
to conceal its political opinions. Jthas made it a point of
opposition to the Whig party, that it frequently goes before
the people with a ma-k upon its brow, and has appealed
to the masses to rebuke that party for a course so offensive
to truth, and so unfair to them. Our countiy's institutions
must find their surest support in an intelligent public opin-
ion. That public opinion cannot be intelligently formed
as to oui views upon tho>e institutions if we refuse to avow
them, and dare not advocate them.
" It !-< useless. to deny that this question does not press
home upon us lot our decision. Ten of the sovereign nou-
Blavehotding States have already exposed decided opin-
ions upon it. This lias been met by eounteraeting opinions
in the South, fnst distinctly avowed by the State of Vir-
ginia. and since followed up by neaily every State in that
section of the Union.
u It is idle to call the question an abstract one. If ab-
stract m any sense, it is only so to the section in which have
originated the avowals of aggiession upon the rights of a
laige portion of the Union, to vvif the non-slavi-holding
States—the) own not a dollar of propeity to he affected by
the ascendency ot the punciple at l^ue. They have not a
single political ught to be cui tailed. With them, opposition
to the Sonrh on this point is putely a question ofmoial and
political ethics. Far dificient is it with the South. They
own the propeity which success of this principle will r«ie-
veut them tnuo carrying with thein to the Territories. They
have a common light m the Territories, from which they
are to he excluded, unless they choose to go there without
this property. They have heietofore been considered as
political equals m the Union, with the same povvi ot ex-
pansion and of progress, winch hasheietoioredi->ung«ii-hed
all classes in the Union, and which has given to us all the
distinctive appellation of the ' party of progress.' They
own, m common with their brethien of the North, these
Territories, which are to be held by the Federal Govern-
ment, as a trustee, for common uses and common purposes.
If, therefore, you refuse to meet the issue made upon
the slaveholdmg by part of the non-slaveholding States, and
permit the heretofore expressed opinions of your nominee
to stand impliedly as the opinions of this convention, you
pronounce, in substance, against the political equality of
the people; against the community of interest in the Ter-
ritories, which it is contended exists in the people ; against
the right of one half of the people of the Union to extend
those institutions which the fathers of the Constitution
recognized as fundamental in the framing of the articles of
union, and upon winch rc&t the great and leading princi-
ples upon which taxation and political power are based.
In order to obviate such a construction—in order to give
assurance to the public mind of our entire country5that the
Democracy of the Union will preserve the compromises of
the Constitution, not only in the States, but m the Terri-
tories ; that it recognizes entire political equality to exist
among the people, and their right to people, unmolested m
their rights of propeity, the vast Territones which the
Union holds out as a triM, until sufficiently populated to bo
erected into States—the undersigned have agreed to pi esent
to tins body, for its adoption, the following resolution:
W. L. YANCEY, of Alabama.
JOHN C. McGEHEE, of Florida.
J. M. COMMANDER, of South Carolina.
Resolved, That the doctrine of non-interference with the
rights of piopeity of any portion of the people of this Con-
federation, be it m the State or in the Territoiies, by any
other than the parties inteiested iu them, is the true repub-
lican doctrine recognized by this body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be observed that, m
that report, Mr. Yancey embodied the whole ar-
gument in favor of intervention for protection,or
for any other purpose, which we have heard
repeated over and over again for so many years.
I uoubt whether any Senator can take his own
speech and find anyone idea or argument in favor
of that doctrine which is not embodied in the re-
port of Mr. Yancey. The first statement there is,
that it is understood that General Cass, the nom-
inee, holds that a Territorial Legislature may
cxclude slavery from the Territory. It was not
denied that General Cass held that doctrine. It
was known that he did; and he was nominated
because he did hold the doctrine that the people
of a Territory might either introduce or exclude,
protect or prohibit, slavery at pleasure. For that
reason, Mr. Yancey and Ins two colleagues on the
committee proceeded to put their protest on rec-
ord. The argument of the equality of the States,
of which we have heard so much, was urged. The
other argument, that the Territories are the com-
mon property, and, therefore, should be open to
all the citizens, independent of local authority,
was used. The argument that it is not creditable
to the Democratic party to go before the country
dodging the question of the rights of the South
in the Territories, was brought forward. It says
that the convention, in the platform, had refused to
express an opinion on the question whether the
Territorial Legislature could prohibit slavery or
not; that it was not creditable to them to avoid
expressing an opinion on the point; that it con-
victed the Democratic parly of double-dealing in
the manner that they had charged upon the Whigs,
and that what rendered it necessary to have an
expression of opinion on that point was, that the
candidate held thataTerritorial Legislature could
exclude slavery. Then he concludes with a res-
olution, which is very adroitly written, I know,
but, taken in connection with the report, has a
clear signification, in harmony with the report:
"That the doctrine of non-interference with the richt<>
of property of any portion of the people of this Cont'edeia-
tion, be it in the States or in the Tciutoiic, by any other
than the parties interested in them, is the tiue republican
doctrine recognized by this body."
That is, nobody but the owner of the slave must
interfere with his right to hold hnn. Neither Con-
gress nor a Territorial Legislature must interfere
with the rights of the slaveholder in the Terri-
tones to manage and contiol his slaves. That was
the proposition Mr. Yancey presented. It was
submitted to the convention—fairly and boldly
mot; and I will read the vote in the convention,
by States, rejecting Mr. Yancey's report and res-
olution. Mr. Yancey enforced his repoit with a
speech, which is here reported, but which is too
long to quote, and then concluded:
1 now close by offenng the iesolutionas an amendment
to the leport ot the committee.
Ci The question was taken on Mr. Yancej resolution ;
and it was, bv States,/ejected—36 to 21r5; as follows:
u Yeas—Maryland, 1; South Carolina, U; Geoigia, 9;
Florida, 3; Alabama, 9; Aikan&as, 3; Tennessee, 1; Ken-
tucky, 1—36.
" Nays—Maine,9; New Hampshire, 6 ; Massachusetts,
12; Vermont, 6 ; Rhode Island, 4 ; Connecticut, 6; New
Jersey, 7; New York, — ; Pennsylvania,26; Delaware, 3;
Maryland, 6; Virginia, 17; North Carolina, 11; Missis-
sippi, 6; Louisiana, 6; Texas, 4; Tennessee, 12; Ken-
tucky, 11; Ohio, 23; Indiana, 12; Illinois, 9; Michigan,
5; Iowa, 4; Missouri, 7; Wisconsin, 4—216."
Here we find Virginia, North Carolina, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, Missouri voting against the
incorporation of the doctrine of intervention for
the protection of slavery into the platform. They
voted against the doctrine of Mr. Yancey's re-
port and resolution. Those States then had the
opportunity of affirming this doctrine, if they
thought it ought to be any portion of the Demo-
cratic creed. Not only the States I have named—
the border States—voted that way, but you will
find voting against this doctrine Mississippi,
Louisiana, Texas—the very States that have now
seceded from the Charleston convention, for the
reason that this same doctrine was not incorpo-
rated into the platform. In 1848, they voted
against putting it into the platform; in 1860, their
delegates bolt the convention because it was not
put into the platform. The Senate and the coun-
try will judge who has changed on this question.
North Carolina, through Mr. Strange,stated her
reason for voting against this doctrine; which was,
that the resolutions of the platform, as it stood,
covered the entire doctrine of non-intervention by
Congress in States and Territories. That is what
he wanted: that Congress should not intervene,
leaving it for the Territories to do as they pleased,
so that they did not violate the Constitution; and
the judiciary to correct their errors if they did
violate the Constitution. Mr. McAllister, of
Georgia, explained that Georgia voted for the
resolution because they did not think it went so
far as was claimed by Mr. Yancey in his speech;
in effect, disavowing the doctrine of intervention,
which Mr. Yancey intended to affirm.
Now, Mr. President, I think I have shown
conclusively that in 1848 the Democratic creed
was non-intervention by Congress with slavery
in the Territories,- either for or against it; that
Congress should not interfere either to establish
or abolish it, or protect or maintain it—unquali-
fied non-intervention. The Democratic party
was committed to the doctrine. It is true there
were individual exceptions, men who did not be-
lieve in this doctrine of non-intervention, and the
Senator from Mississippi was one of them. He
supported General Cass under protest", making
speeches for him, and protesting against his
Nicholson letter and the doctrines contained in
it. The Senator from Mississippi has a clean
record, but a record outside of the Democratic
party—a record at war with the Democratic plat-
form—rebelling against its principles and aquiesc-
ing in its nomination. The Senator then, as
now, granted no quarter to squatter sovereignty,
but ho made speeches for the squatter-sovereignty
chief.
I pass now, sir, to 1850, in order to show clearly
by the record, as was stated by the Senator from
Mississippi, that the same doctrine of non-inter-
vention was incorporated into the compromise
measures of 1850 against his will, and on my mo-
tion. We differed then, as we differ now; he against
those measuies, I for them. I deem it my duty,
even at the risk of bein* a little tedious, to show-
that this doctrine was then thoroughly discussed,
and that, after a deliberate debate, which ran over
two months, it was affirmed by a vote of nearly
two to one m the Senate, and incorporated into
the compromise measures of 1850. On the 25th of
March, 1850, the chairman of the Committee on
Territories of this body [Mr. Douglas] reported
two hills—one for theadmission of California as a
State; the other, to organize the Territories of
Utah and New Mexico,and to adjust the disputed
boundary with Texas. On the i9th of April the
Senate appointed the celebrated committee of
thirteen, with Mr. Clay at its head, to consider
the whole question. On the 8th of May, Mr.
Clay, as chairman of the committee of thirteen,
reported the celebrated omnibus bill to the Sen-
ate, which, as your records will show, consisted
! of the two printed bills previously reported by
myself from the Territorial Committee, with a
wafer between them, and certain amendments in-
terlined m writing. One of the amendments, which
was made in the committee of thirteen, I will point
