I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
308
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
out, for it involves this distinct question now in
dispute. The bill, as it was originally reported
by myself, defined the powers of the Territorial
legislature in these words:
" And be it further enacted, That the legislative power of
tile Tciritories shall, extend to all rightful subjects ofiegis-
lation consistent with the Constitution of the United States
and the^ provisions of this act; but 110 law shall be passed
interfering with the primaiydisposition ot' the soil," &c.
As reported from the Territorial Committee,
the bill was silent on the subject of slavery; the
bill ^ignored the slavery question, and conferred on
the Territorial Legislature power over all rightful
subjects of legislation consistent with the Consti-
tution, without excepting slavery. The commit-
tee of thirteen reported this amendment to it, after
the clause; "but no law shall be passed interfer-
ing with the primary disposition of the soil," by
adding "nor in respect to African slavery;" so
that the committee of thirteen reported against
the Territorial Legislature passing any lav/ in re-
spect to African slavery. Mr. Clay stated that
that limitation on the Territorial Legislature had
been incorporated into the bill against his will
and his judgment. General Cass, in debate, made
the same statement that it had been incorporated
against his judgment. They were in favor of
allowing the Territorial Legislature to act on all
rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution, without excepting African slavery;
but a majority of the committee overruled them.
When this report came in, the Senator from Mis-
sissippi objected to the bill, and proposed an
amendment the very section to which I refer,
which I will ask my friend to read, with the ex-
planatory remarks of the Senator in offering it.
Mr. PUSH. When the bill cameupforaction
on the 15th of May, Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,
said:
_" I offer the following amendment: to strike out in the
sixth line of the tenth section the words - ini es-jicctto .-//■
rican slavery.' and insert tile wouls ' unit/, tho^e rights of
properly grouing out of the institution of .Ifricanslaceiy m
u exists in any of the States of the Union.' The object of
the amendment is to prevent tin- Teiritoiial Legislature
fiom legislating against the rights of property growing out
of tile institution of slavery." - * - *- ujt
will leave to the Territorial Legislatures those rights and
powers which are essentially necessary, not only to the
presentation of propeity, bur to the peace of the Teiritoiy.
It will leave the right to make such police legulations as
arc necessary to prevent disorders, and which Will be ab-
solutely necessary with such property as that to secure its
bcneticial use to its owner. With tiiis brief explanation X
submit tlie amendment."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thus it will be seen that the
Senator from Mississippi objected to the bill, be-
cause it did not contain a prohibition on the Le-
gislature of the Territory against legislating in a
manner hostile to slavery. He wished the Ter-
ritorial Legislature to have the power to protect,
but not the power to prohibit. That was his po-
sition. I give him the credit of having been con-
sistent on that point. I wished to give the Terri-
torial Legislature power over all rightful subjects
of legislation, leaving slave property and horse
property and every other species of property on
an exact equal footing; leaving the people to make
their own regulations as they pleased so that they
did notviolate the Constitution. The Senator from
Mississippi desired an exception as to slavery, to
the effect that they might protect it, but should
not adopt unfriendly legislation to it, taking sla-
very out of the category of other property. Mr.
Clay among other things said, in reply to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, what will now be read.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
-<IUi. Clay.'' * * * * "The clause itseif
was introduced into tlif* bill by tho committee for the pur-
pose of tying up me hands of the Terutoual Legislature in
respect to legislating at all, one way or the other, upon the
subject of African slavery, it was intended to leave the
legislation and the law of the respective Territories in tbn
condition in which the act will find them. I stated on a
former occasion that I did not, in committee, vote for
the amendment to insei t the clause, though it was pioposed
to be muoduced by amajoiity of the committee. J attached
veiy httle consequence to it at the time, and I attach veiy
little to it at present, it is perhaps of no particular im-
portance whatever. Now, sir, if I understand the measure
proposed by the Senator fiom Mississippi, it aims at the
same thing. I do not understand him as proposing that if
any one shall eairy slaves into the Territory—although by
the laws of the Teiritoiy he cannot take them there—the
legislative hands of the territorial government should be
so tied as to prevent it saying he shall not enjoy the fruits
of their labor. If the.Senator from Mississippi means to
say that 
" Mr. Davis, f do mean to say it.
li Mr. Clay. If the object of the Senator is to provide
Nsw Series—No. 20.
that slaves may be introduced into the Territory contrary
to the lex loci, and being introduced, nothing shall be done
by tiie Legislature to impair tbe rights of owners to hold
the slaves thus brought contrary to the local Iaws,_rc«r-
tainhj cannot vote for it. In doing so, I shall repeat again
the expression of opinion which I announced at an early
period of the session."
Mr. DOUGLAS. There it will be found that
a distinct issue was made up between Mr. Clay
and the Senator from Mississippi. The Senator
from Mississippi insisted that the legislation of
Congress should be so framed as to recognize the
right of the slaveholder to go into the Territory
and hold his property in defiance of the local law.
Mr. Clay said that he would never agree to the
recognition of the doctrine that you could carry
slaves to a Territory and hold them against the
lex loci, in defiance of the local law. On this dis-
tinct issue it was that the Senator from Missis-
sippi and the illustrious Kentuckian differed. Mr.
Clay was against the Wilmot proviso; but he
was against repealing by Congress the Mexican
laws that were adverse to slavery. He was
against the recognition by Congress of the alleged
right to carry slaves there, and hold them in vio-
lation of the local law. He was against any act
that would prevent the people of the Territories
from deciding for themselves whether they would
have slavery or not. In other words, Mr. Clay
supported and sustained every vote which the
Senator from Mississippi brings in judgment
against me, except one; and that one was given
under instructions, as the Senator from Missis-
sippi is well aware.
This debate shows clearly that the compromise
measures of 1850 were intended to assert the
principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery m the Territories, leaving the people to
do as they pleased, so that they did not violate
the Constitution, and leaving- the courts to ascer-
tain whether they did violate it or not.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow me ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot yield for interrup-
tion.
Mr. G-REEN. Very well,
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 ask my friend [Mr Pugh]
to continue the extracts from that debate, on both
sides, a little further, in order to put them on the
record.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"Mr. Davis." * * * * " We arogiving,
or proposing to give, a govcinmcnt to a Teriitoiy, which
act rests upon the basis of our right to make such provision.
Wo suppose we have a right to corner power. If so, we
maymaik out the limit to which they may legislate, and
aic bound not to confer power beyond that which exists 111
Congi ess If we give them puvvei to legislate beyond that,
we commit a fiaml or usurpation, as it may bo clone openly,
coveitly, or indirectly."
To which Mr. Clay replied:
" Now, sir, I only repeat what I had occasion to say be-
fore, that wlnle I am willing to stand aside and make mo
legislative enactment one way or the other—to lay off the
Tenitories without the Wilmot proviso, on the one hand,
with winch I understand we are threatened, or without an
attempt to introduce a clause for tiie introduction of sla-
very ill the Territories—while I am for rejecting both the
one and the other, I am content that the law us it exists
shall prevail; and If theie be any diversity of opinion as
to what it means, I am willing that it shall be settled bj tiie
highest judicial authonty of the country. While Iain con-
tent thus to abide tiie result, I must say that 1 cannot vote
lor any cxpit; 0 piovision leeogiuzing the light to eairy
slaves tlide."
To which Mr. Davis rejoined that—
It is said our Revolution grew out of a preamble ; and
I hope we have something of tiie same character of the
haidy men of the Revolution who first commenced the war
with the mother country; something of tbe spirit of that
bold i'ankec who said he had a right to go to Concord, anil
that go lie would; and who, m the maintenance oi that
right,met his death at the Kinds of a British sentinel. Now,
sii. i( our rigid to carry si.tvc-: in these Tciritories be a con-
stitutional right. It is oil! lirst duty to maintain it."
Mr. DOUGLAS. These extracts confirm the
statement that the issue was precisely as I have-
stated it, and that the Senator from Mississippi
then took the ground that he now maintains; but
that Mr. Clay, the champion of the compromise
measures of 1850, took the opposite ground. Mr.
Clay, in that very speech, answered the objection
about there being two constructions of this doc-
trine of non-intervention. Me was for non-inter-
vention by Congress; no restriction upon the
Territorial Legislature; and then leaving it to the
courts to decide whether the territorial enact-
ments were constitutional or not, That was the
position of Mr. Clay; thai was the position of
the' champion of those measures.
The Senator from Mississippi asserted hisright
to go with his property, in violation of the local
law, and said he was going t,o act upon the doe-
trine of the sergeant at Lexington, who said that
he had a right to go to Concord, and was going.
The Senator from Mississippi modified his amend-
ment so as to make the language more palatable;
but not to change the principle, to wit: that the
Territorial Legislature might legislate to protect
slavery, but'not legislate in hostility to .it. In
that shape, his amendment was rejected. Then
Mr. Chase, of Ohio, offered the counterpart, to
restrict the power, so that the Territorial Legisla-
ture might prohibit slavery, but not protect or
tolerate it. That was rejected by precisely the
same number of votes as the proposition of the
Senator from Mississippi. By these votes, th«
Senate showed that the object of the bill was to
leave theTerritorial Legislature to do as itpleased,
subject to the Constitution, with the courts to
ascertain when it violated it; but not to put any
restriction on the Territorial Legislature, except
that which tbe Constitution imposed.
Now, sir, I am compelled, in this connection,
to do what I dislike to do—quote from my own
speeches, to show that I then took the position i
do now in vindication of the ground taken by
Mr. Clay, and in opposition to that assumed by
the Senator from Mississippi. I will asic the Sen-
ator from Ohio to read that extract.
Mr. PUGH. Upon these amendments—theonS
affirming the pro-slavery and the other the anti-
slavery position, in opposition to the right of the
people of the Territories to decide the slavery ques-
tion for themselves—Mr. Douglas said:
" The position that I have ever taken has been that this,
and all other questions relating to the domestic affairs and
domestic policy of the Tenitories, ought to be ieft to the
decision of the people theinseivcs; and that we ought to bk
content with whatever v.-ay they may decide the question,
because they have a much deeper interest in these matters
than we have, and know much betterwhat institutions suit
them than we, who have never been there, can decide tor
them. I would theiefore have much preferred that tiiat por-
tion of the bill should haveiemaiued as itwas repoited Irom
tiie Committee on Territories, with no provision on the sub-
ject of slavery, theone way or the other. And f do hope yet.
that tiiat clause will be stricken oat. I am satisfied, sir, that
it gives no strength to the bill. I am satisfied, even if It did
give strength to it, that it ought not to be there, because it
is a violation of principle—si violation of that principle upon
which we have all rested our defense of the course we have
taken on this question, f do not see how those of us who
have taken tiie position we have taken—that of non-inter-
vention—and nave argued m favor of the right of the people
to legislate for themselves on this question, can suppoit
such a piovision without abandoning all ihe arguments
which we used m tiie presidential campaign m the year
18-18, and the principles set lortll by the honorable Senator
irom Michigan (.VFr. Cass) iu that letter which is known as
the < Nicholson letter.' We are required to abandon tiiat
platform; weaie required tq abandon those principles, and
to stultify ourselves, and to adopt the opposite doctrine—
and for what? In order to say that the people of the Territo-
ries shall not have such institutions as they shall deem adapted
to their conditions and their wants. -I do not see, sir, now
such a provision can he acceptable either to the people of
the North or the South."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, it is unne-
cessary for me to add one word to the extract from
my own speech, to show that I took precisely the
position then that I take now. 1 will next ask
my friend to read a brief extract from the spcech
of General Cass iu opposition to the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, and also to the
amendment of Mr. Chase, of Ohio, and in favor
of the same doctrine that I am now advocating.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. Cass said, (referring to the
amendment offered by Mr. Davis and Mr. Chase;)
" Now, with respect to the amendments, I shall vote
against them both; and then I shall vote in favor of striking
out the restriction m the bill upon the power of the tciri-
tonai governments. I shall do so upon this ground : I was
opposed, as tiie honorable Senator from Kentucky has de-
clau-d he was, to the insertion of this piolnbition by the
committee ; 1 consider it inexpedient and unconstitutional.
I have already stated my belief that tiie rightful power of
interna] legislation in the Teiritoues belongs to the people."
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I have already said, the
vote was taken on these two amendments^rthe ope
offered by the Senator from Mississippi; the other
by the former Senator from Ohio—and each of
them was rejected by a vote of, yeas 25, nays 30;
there being precisely the same majority against
each, Having thus rejected the two propositions,
the one affirming the right and power of the Ter-
ritories to protect slavery, but not to prohibit it;
and the other affirming the power and duty to
prohibit, but not to protect, the record shows that
Mr. Douglas moved to strike out all in the bill
