1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, with the amendments proposed thereto,
have instructed me to report a bill as an inde-
pendent proposition, derived from all the proposi-
tions referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
which bill I send to the Secretary's desk for the
purpose of having it read.
The bill (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to
actual settlers on the public domain, and for other
purposes, was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask that the
bill reported by the committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. The bill cannot be read a sec-
ond time to-day, if there is objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Not unless there is unanimous con-
sent, under the rules.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will withdraw his objection. The under-
standing was that there should be a report made
on this subject to-day, and then that it should
take precisely the same position that it had before
the Senate. I hope the Senator will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. YULEE. I made no such objection; but
this I understand to be a perfectly new measure,
and I should like to see it in print. I should like
to know what it is. If the committee had brought
back the same bill which was referred to them,
with amendments, such as the committee might
have recommended, it would be another matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state, when the bill is read a second time, it will
be read through; but it being an independent bill
reported from the committee, a single objection
carries it over.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is this anything more than
ail amendment to the original bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood, from the Senator reporting the bill,
that it was a separate and independent bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I thought it was a substi-
tute for the bill referred by the Senate—an amend-
ment by way of substitution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ill onesensc,
it may be considered a substitute for all the bills;
but it is an independent proposition, embracing
substantially the best provisions of all the bills
and amendments that were referred to the com-
miitee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the original bill and all pending amend-
ments to have been recommitted to the Commit-
teeon Public Lands. That committee report back
a single and independent bill, which comes before
the Senate as a separate and independent proposi-
tion, and subject to the whole proceedings of a bill
in that position.
Mr. COLLAMER. But that is nothing more
than an amendment to the bill which was before
pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are no
bills now before the Senate on this subject, ex-
cept the independent one now reported by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe that bill was re-
committed to the Committee on Public Lands,
with instructions to report it back to-day, with
such amendments as they saw fit. The bill must
be brought back to us in conformity with the in-
structions. They can submitany other proposi-
tion in lieu of it; but the bill itself is hound to
come before us under the instructions of the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I insist that it is not m the
power of the committee in any way to suppress
or strangle the bill that was committed to them.
They must bring back that bill. It is now before
the Senate, as I take it, with the amendments of
the committee as an amendment by way of sub-
stitution.
Mr. ICING. I was going to make that point
of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. By permission
of the Senator from New York  "
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairacts
on the report of the committee, and takes the
statement of the member reporting the bill as the
question before the Senate. He reports back a
single bill, as an independent proposition, drawn
out from all the bills and amendments recommitted
te that committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask the Sena- -
tor from Tennessee whether he does not report
back the bills we sent to the committee?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. All the bills
come back.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then, of course, the bill
then pending before the Senate is now before us,
and the others by way of amendment.
Mr. KING. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
call on the member of the committee making this
report, to state again the report of the committee,
that the Chair may understand the question.
Mr. WADE. I think we had better have the
Journal read. I desire to know what the original
entry is in regard to the recommittal of this bill.
What was the order then made ?
Mr. PUGH. I think 1 can relieve two or three
Senators from this difficulty. The committee cer-
tainly has a right to report a bill, at all events—
there can be no point of order made on that—on
any subject that is referred to them. On a former
occasion, the Senate referred not merely the House
bill, but the Senate bill, and some ten or twelve
propositions to the committee. The committee,
instead of reporting back either of those two ori-
ginal bills, reports an entirely new proposition.
There are two precedents for that within my rec-
ollection. In the first place, when we had the
enabling act for Kansas before us in 1856,1 think
there were probably half a dozen bills, and they
were all recommitted to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and the committee produced an entirely
new bill—what was called the Toombs bill. Sub-
sequently, at the time of the Lecompton contro-
versy, half a dozen bills, or several, at all events,
were committed to the Committee on Territories.
The committee reported none of them back, but,
instead, reported a new bill. 1 do not understand
that the particular bills were so much sent to the
committee as that the subject was sent. How-
ever, if Senators want the House bill and the Sen-
ate bill brought back again, the committee have
no objection; but the object of the committee was
to relieve the Senate from the very difficulty of
this great variety of propositions which induced
the motion to recommit. The bill which the com-
mittee reported is in order. It has been read once,
and, if there be no objection, it can be read a sec-
ond time. Then, if a demand is made to report
back the other bills, the committee will report
them. Unless there bean objection to the second
reading, I move the second reading of the bill
reported by the committee.
Mr. YULEE. X presume it will not be the de-
sign of the friends of this bill to press for action
upon it to-day. In that event, I have, no objec-
tion, so far as I am concerned, to allow the sec-
ond reading, if it is to be understood that the bill
is to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, I hope very
much that the Senate will not take any ground of
that sort here. 1 do not know that the Senator
from Florida was in his scat at the time the Sen-
ate came to the conclusion to refer the whole sub-
ject back to the Committee on Public Lands. I
presume from the course he now takes that lie
was nut; but at a time when he was absent, I pre-
sume he will allow that the sense of this side of
the House might speak for him, as he was n<Dt
here. It certainly was well understood, on this
side of the House, that if the whole of these prop-
ositions—the Senate bill itself that was then be-
fore us, and the House bill, and seven amend-
ments, each one of which constituted a full prop-
osition, and an entire substitute—should be re-
ferred back to the committee, there would be no
opposition on this side of the House to the taking
up, not only of the report from the committee
which the Senate ordered to be made to-day, but
that the Senate would go on with the considera-
tion of the subject until itwas disposed of, giving
it a position that was equivalent to that of a spe-
cial order from day to day. That was the atti-
tude in which it was here, then. It is true that
we have reported an independent bill. I do not
deem it necessary now to say anything in regard
to that action, because the Senator from Ohio has
explained so distinctly what have been the rea-
sons which governed them, that I do not think it
necessary to speak further on that subject. He
mentions two precedents. There are many. I
am assured, in speaking with those who have ex-
perience here, that there- are at least six or seven
precedents that can be found for this course. This
is a bill of concession, really and earnestly seek-
ing something that may bring us together and
may* do good, as the result of a proposition that,
as originally brought forward here, might do
damage unless it was met in a conciliatory man-
ner.
Mr. YULEE. I had no captious purpose in
the objection which I made. If the committee
had reported back the bill which was committed
to them—the House bill, with such amendments
as they thought proper to offer—of course I should
have made no objection whatever to our proceed-
ing even to a vote to-day; but they come here—a
Democratic committee; a committee upon which
there is a Democratic majority—reporting an en-
tirely new measure, and for which we have their
responsibility. I wanted, therefore, to have full
time to read it and understand it. I wanted it to
be printed before we proceed to action. But, as I
understand it is not proposed or expected to {pro-
ceed to a vote to-day, I withdraw the objection. I
am willing that we should proceed as far as it
may be agrecabie to the Senate to proceed, if it
be understood that the bill be printed before we
are called upon to act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read so much of the Journal of the Senate as
relates to the recommitment by the Senate of
these several propositions.
The Secretary read, as follows:
" On motion of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, that the bill
of the House, No. 280, entitled < An act to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain, and for other
purposes;' and the bill of the Senate, No. X, to grant to
any person who is the head of ft family and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred and sixty
acres of land out of the public domain, upon condition of
occupancy and cultivation of the same for the period herein
specified, with all the amendments proposed thereto, I>o
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands, with in-
structions to report thereon to the Senate on Tuesday next,
" It was determined in the affirmative.15
Mr. WADE. I have no desire to press this
business any faster than we can do it understand-
ing^. When this bill was committed, itwas with
the understanding on the other side of the Cham-
ber, by many, not by all, that when itwas taken
up again, it should be proceeded with from day
to day to the exclusion of all other business, until
we had finished it in some way. Now, the bill
that is reported has not been printed and put upon
our tables. I have not expected that we could
press it to a vote until that was done, so that every
Senator could see what it was he was about to
vote upon; but I want to make to-day what prog- <
ress we can; and I hope there will be no captious
objections offered to the passage of the bill. Let
it go as far as we can to-day, committing nobody
until we have the bill printed and laid on our ta-
bles and understood. To-morrow, however, I give
notice to all the friends of the bill, that if it is then
printed and on our tables, I shall endeavor to get
it up; and, in the spirit of the understanding when
we committed it to that committee, to press it
from day to day until we have a final vote, which,
1 hope, will be at an early period. I do not wish
to debate it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing withdrawn to the second reading of the bill,
it will receive its second reading. _
There being no objection, the bill (S. No 416)
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and for other purposes, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I suggest that the readingof the
bill be suspended, inasmuch as it is probable that
the explanation we are about to receive from the
committee will convey to us a more distinct idea
of the new form which has been given to this sub-
ject, than the reading with which the Secretary is
proceeding.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will suspend the further read-
ing of the bill at length. _ ["Agreed."] The bill
having been read twice, i3 before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mi-.JOHNSON,ofTennessee. Mr.President,
I do not rise for the purpose of making a speech
or trespassing on the time of the Senate more than
a few moments; but, in making the report which
I made, the. impression seemed to rest on the
minds of some Senators that the House Dill No.
