1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
nays upon the motion to lay the appeal on the
tabic.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman who
offered that resolution will withdraw it. The ap-
pointment of these clerks certainly is not neces-
sary at this time. The committees have but just
been appointed, and they have very little busi-
ness to transact. They have not business enough
to employ themselves, much less a clerk. When-
ever it is necessary for any particular committee
to employ a clerkj let them make application to
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Debate is
not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not; but I am ap-
pealing to the gentleman from Maine to withdraw
his resolution. I hope the committees will moke
their applications separately, whenever it is ne-
cessary for them to employ clerks.
Mr. MORSE. 1 think this is as good a time
as any other to settle the question. We want to
get the committees at work. The resolution only
asks that the same committees shall be uuthoiized
to employ clerks which employed them at the last
session.
Mr. HOUSTON. EutI will say to the gentle-
man that that is no criterion to go by. It may
have been necessary for a committee to employ a
clerk at the last session, when there may be no
necessity for such committee to employ one at
the present session?
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I was not in at the time the
resolution was offered. I desire to know whether
it was objected to when offered ?
A Member.. It was.
Mr. PHELPS. What I desired to know was,
whether it was introduced by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was intro-
duced under a call of the States for resolutions.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois; and it was decided m the
affirmative—yeas 103, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—IVIessis. Charles F. Ad<mi.$, Green Adam*, Ald-
ricli, Alley, Babbitt, Boalo, Bingham, Blair, Ulako, Biayton,
Briggs, BrNtovv, Bufiinton, Builin?ame, Burnham, Batter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Caiter, Case, John B. Chuk, Cobb,
John Cocluaiu', Colfax, James Craig, Curtis, II. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Ed-
waids, Elv, Ethendsc, Fenton, Feirv, Foster, Frank, Gil-
mer, Gooch,trio\v,Gurley,Hale, Ha=kiii,Hatton,lIel!mck,
Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchms, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kellogsr, Kcnyon.Kilsjore.DeWittC. Leach,Lee,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Marsfon, McKcan, McKnigbt, Millson,
Mill ward, Mooihcad, Monill, Edward Joy Morris, Morse,
Nelson, Noell, Puttit, Porter, Potter, Reynolds, Christo-
pher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stoke-, Stout, Stiat-
ton, Tappan. Theakcr, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Van-
deve/, Van Wyek, Venee,Wade. Walton, Cadwalade/C.
Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wilson, Wood, and Woodruff—103.
NAYS—Mcssis. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Awry,
Barksdale, Barrett, Bonham3 Bouhgny, Boyee, Burch, Bur-
nett, Clopton, Cooper, Cox, Curry, Davidson, Reuben
Davis, De Jaiudtc, Edimmd&on, Fam&worth, Florence,
Fouke, Gaitvell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Ilmdman, Houston,
Iiowaid, Jackson, Jones?, Keitt, Landrum, Larrabee,
Leake, Losan. Charles D. Martm, Elbert S. Maitin, May-
nard, McCfirnand, McUucon, McRae, Miles, Montgomery,
Sjdenham Mooie, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Piyor,
Quailcs, Reagan, Jame< C. Robinson, Ilust, Scott, Single-
ton, William Smith, Ta\loi, Thomas, Vallandigham, Vance,
Webster, Whiteley, and Win?ln\v—61.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Dunns; the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE said: The 59th rule provides
that [shouts of "Order!"] " Friday and Saturday
in every week shall be set apart for the consider-
ation of private bills and private business, in pref-
erence to any other, unless otherwise determined
by a majority of the Hou.se." [Loud calls to or-
der, and confusion.] I have read the rule, and
now, sir 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Now read
the rule about interrupting; the call of the roll.
I&r. FLORENCE. I have read the rule, and
now I am going to vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call my colleague to order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Recognizing this rule, and
•there having been no action of the House other-
wise, [loud shouts of " Order!" and " Sit down!"]
J vote " no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, when his name was
called, stated that he had paired with Mr. Long- ;
necker until by mutual consent the pair should j
be dispensed wjth. . t '
Mr. BUFF1NTON stated that Mr. Rice had
paired with Mr. Craige, of North Carolina, until
ono week from novt Tuesday.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Stewart,
of Pennsylvania, had paired with Mr. Stewart,
of Maryland, until ten days from yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 voted under a mis-
apprehension. I understand that the resolution
was introduced, and the previous question de-
manded, before any objection was made to it. I
think the decision of the Chair was clearly right
under these circumstances, and I vote " ay."
Mr. HOUSTON. Objection was made as soon
as the resolution was introduced.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I received my in-
formation at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MILLSON. Before voting, I wish to in-
quire if the call of States was ordered by unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. That was the understand-
ing of the Chair, and he places his decision upon
that ground.
Mr. MILLSON. If that was the general un-
derstanding of the House, 1 think the Chair is
right.
The SPEAKER. If the objection had been
raised in .time, the Chair would have decided
otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That was clearly my
understanding.
Mr. FLORENCE. Iam perfectly willing to
accord to the Chair the force of that statement;
and if the Chair had made it at first, I would not
have taken exception to his ruling. He did not
then place his decision upon the ground that there
was no objection to going to the consideration of
general business on this day. However, still
taking a conservative view of the case, I do not
intend to change my vote .
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Ashmore was con-
lined to his room by severe sickness.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Hall had paired
with Mr. Mallory.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of order.
I hold that the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Mouse,} having already offered to the House one
or two bills, by that means has exhausted his
privilege, and that it is not in order for him to
press his resolution before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
now too late to raise that point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It cannot be too late.
Mr. PETTIT. The gentleman from Maine
demanded the previous question; the gentleman
from North Carolina made a point of order, which
the Chaii decided against, and from that decision
an appeal was taken to the House. Of course,
sir, pending, that appeal, it was not competent for
me to-make my point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There was
no exception taken whatever to the introduction
of the resolution at the time.
Mr. BURNETT. Permit me to correct the
gentleman. It was objected to by the gentleman
from Virginia and by myself immediately it was
offered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But not upon
the ground stated Ijy the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. BURNETT. We covered the whole ground
that it was not in order to present the resolution,
objection heme; made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
too late to make the point of order. Does the gen-
tleman from Indiana take an appeal ?
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana does not I do, although I dislike very much
to do so. The decision of the Chair, in myjudg-
ment, is wrong, and 1 appeal from it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays:
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 9G, nays 63; as follows: -
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam<, Green Adams, Aid-
ilcli, Alley, Babbitt, Bealo, Bingham, Blan, Blake, Boycc,
Bra\ton,Bngsi«, Bristovr, Buffsnton. Burhngame, Burnham,
Butterfield, Campbell, Catev, Carter, Ca*e, Cobb, Coltax.
Conkling, Covode, ti. Winter Davis. John G. DavifjDaw «jp,
Delano, Dmlimck, DuelJ, Dunn, Edgorton, Edwaids, Ely,
Fitheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fiank, Gilmer, Gooch,
Grow. Gurl^v.J. Monison Harris. Ilatton. Ilelmick, Hill,
Hoard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Junkm, Francis W.
Kellogg,William Kellogg, Kem-on, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee.
Loomis.Lovcjov, Mawton, SFcKean, McKnight, McPher-
man, Spmner, Steven^ Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Tomp-
kins, Vandever, Van Wyek, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Wa&bbuin, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells.Wilson, and Woodruff-—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Avery,
Barrett, Boullgny, Burch, Burnett,-John B. Clark, Clopton,
John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James CraigrCurry, David-
son, Reuben Davi.', De Jarnette, Edmundson, Farnsworth,
Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman,
Ilindman, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, KiJ-
gore, Landrmn, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Elbert S.Martin,
MaynardjMcCIcmandjJMcltae, Sydenham Moore, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Cluarles, Reagan,
James C. Rohins-on, Rust, Scott, Singleton, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Stevensou, Taylor, Thomas, Val-
laiKligham, Vanee, WIntclcy, Wtnslow, and Woodson—63.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Holmax, had paired with Mr. Tappan.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
^ A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body has passed a bill (H. R.
No. 1) making appropriations to defray the de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1859, and in part for the sup-
port of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1860, with sundry
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House; and also notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No."
146) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue registers to the schooners Helen Blood and
Sarah Bond, of Oswego, in the State of New
York, in which he was also directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, by unanimous
consent, the House informally took from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate to
the Post Office deficiency bill, and referred them
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
, The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES—AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
The SPEAKER. It was; and the question now
recurs on seconding the call for the previous'ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table, on the ground that there is
now no necessity for the employment of clerks,
if there ever is; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays. . ^
Mr, SPINNER. I desire to make a single state-
ment in answer to ♦he remarks of the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman is allowed
to make a statement, I must be aUowed to reply.
Mr. SPINNER. What I desire to say is in
reply to what the. gentleman himself has said.
The SPEAKER. If objection be made, debate
is not in order.
Mr. MORSE. I object to any further debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to debate, unless I
am allowed to say what I have to say.
Mr. BURNETT. Before the question is taken
I appeal to the gentleman from Maine to with-
{ draw his demand for the previous question, so that
j I may move a proviso that no clerks shall be cm-
I ployed except those authorized by law. If that
! proviso be attached to the resolution, I will vote
! for it; otherwise I will not.
i Mr. MORSE. I would yield to anything rea-
sonable. My resolution authorizes those com-
mittees which had clerks at the last session of
Congress to employ clerks during this Congress,
besides authorizing the Committee of Accounts,
and the Committee on the Teriitories to employ
clerks, which committees Bad not clerks at the
last session. I say it is important that we should
have clerks for these committees. We have been
, engaged for nine weeks in organizing this House,
| and for that reason there is more necessity for this
i thing to be settled, and settled speedily,than ever
! before. We need these clerks. Tim law only
j authorizes two clerks.
! IVJx. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I nine t to
! debate
