1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2693
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
any member lias not the right to demand a count
of this committee, in order to ascertain whether
a quorum is present or not at any stage of the
business? and speaking is business, in a parlia-
mentary sense.
Mr. HICKMAN. That is a question which I
have already anticipated and fully answered. That
objection is a good one at the right time, but that
right time precedes the time when the member
takes the floor to address the committee, if there
be not a quorum then present, the question may
be raised and determined; but if there be a quo-
rum present at the time a gentleman takes the floor
to address the committee there is a quorum to all
intents and purposes during the time that he holds
the floor. It is to be presumed thata quorum is pres-
gent during the time he is speaking, whether there
is or is not. If it were otherwise you will see the
strait into which it would lead the House. As
soon as an objectionable member obtained the
floor, by one side or the other leaving the Hall
his speech could at once be interrupted. I trust
that no rules have been framed for this House
which are capable of such an absurd construction,
and which will work such manifest injustice.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has an appeal ijeen taken?
Mr. GARTRELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The language of
the rule is, that whenever, during business, it is
observed that a quorum is not present, any mem-
ber may call for the House to be counted.
Mr. HICKMAN. But not when a member is
upon the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague's argument
is sound, and would do well under other circum-
stances; but the Chair having decided the point,
an appeal lies from his decision to the House.
What reason is there why that appeal should not
be decided by a vote of the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has entertained
no point of order, nor has the Chair decided that
the. point of ordu- was well taken.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Does not an appeal
lie from the decision of the Chair, no matter what
thatdecimon may be? It certainly does; and this
committee, or the House, has the right to pass
upon any decision, no matter what it is, that the
Chair may make. The Chair decided that this
is not a qe.esii'Mi of older. We insist that it is,
and take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
That is the controversy between us, and upon it
we ask a vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will my colleague allow
me to make an inquiry? I ask my colleague
whether, on reflection, he would consider that,
under the rules of this House, any member, while
another is upon the floor—the floor having been
awarded to him—can rise and demand that tlieie
shall be a count.
Mr. VALLANDIGIiAM. I do. Otherwise,
if we had no hour rule, a member could get the
floor, and speak five or six hours, with only
five or six persons present. If speaking is not
business, I submit that the point is well put by
the gentleman; but if speaking is business, in a
parliamentary sense, 1 insist that whenever it is
observed that a quorum is not present, the House
may be counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have inquired of the read-
ingclerk m reference to this matter, and he informs
me that it has always been the usual practice of
the House to icgai d a speech delivered in Com-
mittee of the Whole House not as business in the
sense in which that word is used in the Man-
ual.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. There is nothing
higher than the Constitution, which requires that
we must have a quorum to do business, and no
usage can override it.
Air. SHERMAN. The constitutional right of
insistinguponaquorum to transact business ought
to be protected; but when a gentleman gets the
floor to make a speech, he is entitled to cei'mplcte
what he has to say. The rules allow him one
hour in which to say it, and during that hour an-
other member has not the right to take the floor
from him, except upon a point of order of this
character—whether or not he is discussing a ques-
tion proper to be discussed before the House or
commiitee'at the time. That is the only point
that eai. I)e made. The point is not as to who
is present to listen to him; lint whether what he
is saying is pertinent, material, and courteous.
These are the points of order which maybe raised
pending a speech, and no other. The question
whether a quorum exists or not can only be raised'
at the beginning of a speech, or at the termination
of it. What would be the effect of allowing any
member to be interrupted by the question as to
whether there is a quorum ? I admit that in this
case there is no quorum; but suppose there is a
quorum: a member may get up and say, "I rise
to a point of order; there is no quorum present."
The Speaker may decide that there is a quorum,
and the member may appeal from the decision of
the Chair; and in this way he may, day after
day, block up the business of the House.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And, day after-
day, he ought to do it. But allow me to ask if
the point of objection here is not that the gentle-
man from New York lias the floor >
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I ask how much
worse off a member is when the floor is assigned
to him, and he has not commenced his speech,
than when he has commenced that speech?
Mr. SHERMAN. Before a gentleman takes
the floor, as a matter of course, any gentleman
can laise the point; butwhen he has commenced
addressing the Chair, you cannot raise the ques-
tion upon him as to the existence of a quorum.
And when lie is through, the question can again
be raised.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I cannot take
the floor and present the question, whether or not
a quorum is present, if another member has the
floor. 1 could not get up the very moment the
gentleman from New York obtained the floorand
raise the question upon him, whether he has com-
menced to say anything or not.
I submit further, whether it is proper at this
late lioui—eleven o'clock—that we should con-
tinue the transaction of business?
Mr. FRANK. I rise toapointof order. I desire
to know whether all this discussion is in order?
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to repeat, in an-
other shape, the point to my colleague, that I
may have his answer.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the gentleman from New York will proceed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I insist that the
question shall be put.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York has the floor, and the Chair has made no
such decision as will admit of an appeal.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the Chair de-
cided that it is not a point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the floor cannot be taken from the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not rec-
ognize the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not earn
whether he does or not; I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. HINDMAN. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that the gentleman from Ohio had no
right to take an appeal from the decision just
made by the Chair.'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no
decision upon a point of order, because, in the
opinion of the Chair, no point of order has been
made.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Did not the Chair
decide that it was not a point of order?
Mr. HINDMAN. I wish to do the Chaif no
injustice; but I understand the Chair to decide
that that which was presented as a point of order
by the gentleman fiom North Carolina was not a
point of order; and, therefore, the Chair refused
to entertain it. Was it not the decision of the
Chair that it was not a point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not such a decision
by the Chair as can be appealed from while the
gentleman from New York is upon the floor.
Mr. HINDMAN. The Chair having taken
coo-mzance of the subject-matter, by making that
gaasi-decision, is there not an appeal from that
decision of the Chair to the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair that the floor can be taken from, the gen-
tleman from New Yoik in no other way than
by a point of order.
Mi. YALLANDIGHAM. I appeal from that
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It is*the opinion of the
Chair that the Chair must decide whether the
gentleman from New York has the floor or not.
Mr. HINDMAN. Is it the opinion of the
Chair that the decision of the Chair, in such a
case as that, is final and irrevocable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will recognize
no person but the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise to a question of
order, and one which has not been stated. I as-
sert that there is not a quorum present; and I
demand a count. I call upon the Chair to count
to ascertain whether there is a quorum present.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. McKEAN., 1 do not yield the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fromNew
York will proceed.
Mr. McKEAN resumed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I call the gentle-
man from New York to order. I insist that the
Chair shall entertain the appeal from his decision
that the point I make is not a point of order, and
I insist that the Chair shall put the question on
the appeal.
Mr. McKEAN resumed his remarks.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a point of order. I
call the gentleman from New York to order. The
gentleman from New York speaks of southern
masters of the Democratic party. That is not
true. I say that that language is such as cannot,
under the rules, be made in the House or in de-
bate, as applicable to gentlemen belonging to the
Democratic party. No white man is the master.
I belong to the Democratic party, and I do not
admit that any man in the House can say that I
ha\;e a master. It is not such language as may
be used m debate;and I ask the Chair whether or
not my point is well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows no rule
of the House which the gentleman from New
York lias violated in debate.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I appeal from that decis-
ion of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Illi-
nois raises a point of order, and the Chair has
overruled that point of order. The gentleman
from Illinois appeals from the decision of the
Chair, and the question is: Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgmentof tliecommittee?
Mr. LOGAN. I call for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and Messrs.
Buffinton and Logan were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is hardly neces-
sary to waste time in this matter. I see that
gentlemen here are determined to bring about an
adjournment; and I beg to say now, that in view
of that disposition, I am in favor of a revocation
'of the agreement to adjourn, and am willing to
siay here through the dog-days until every gen-
tleman has had the opportunity of laying what
he desires.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 am as
much m favor of the freedom of debate as the gen-
tleman is, but I do not want to have any business
done with less than a quoium present. [Cries of
" Ctuestion I"]
The question being, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 14.
No quorum voting, the Chair ordered the Clerk
to call the roll.
Mr. ADRAIN addressed the Chair.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to any debate
during the call of the roll.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to the gentleman
from New Jersey or any other gentleman address-
ing the committee at this time. [Loud cries of
"Ball the roll!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The rules are imperative,
that when the committee finds itself without a quo-
rum the roll shall be called.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Alley, TilomasL. Anderson, Ash-
I more. Avery, Rabbit, Barlwiale, Bair, Barrel, Beate,
} tilairl iioeouk, Bonhaui. Boteler, Royce,JBrabson, Branch,
BiiHim', iSiov.'ii, ESuieh. Burnett, Buinliam, Campbell,
i Carter, John fI. Oijik. Cleiuenv Ciopton, Cobb. Clark
| B. Cochrane. Juim Cnehium-, dnnklllifr, Corwin, Covode,
f Cox, James < 'urry. Davidson, Julm G. Davis, lieu-
