2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
ben Davis, DeJarneite, Delano, Dimmick, Ducll, Dunn,
Edmundson, Edwards, Eliot, English, Ethei uige, Farns-
wortb, Fcnton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke, French, .Garnett,
Graham, Grow, Hale, Hal}, Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris,
Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hoard, Hot man, Houston,
William Howard, Hntchins, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, ICeitt, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Kiliinger, Kunkel,
Lamar, Laridbee, James M. Leach, Leake, Love, MacUy,
Mallory, Marston, Elbeit S. Martin, McCJeinand, Mc-
Knight, McPherson, McCiueen, McRae, Miles, Millson,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Moms, Morse, Nibiack, NoeJl, Ohn,
Palmer, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Potter, Pryor, Guarles,
Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Itoyco, Ruffin,Rn*t,
Schwartz, Scott, Seranton, Sedgwick, Sickles, Simnis,
Singleton,' William Smith, Somes, Stanton, Stevens, Ste-
venson, William Stewart, Stout,Tappan,Taylor, Thayer,
Theaker, Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Wade. Waldion,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Wa&hbuui, Ellihu B. Wat-hburne,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson, Window,
Woodruff, Woodson, and Wright.
The committee rose; and Mr. Colfax having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
I)awes reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the Union generally, and particularly the
bill making- appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending 30th
of June, 1861; and finding itsclfwithout a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
Mr. GARTRELL, (at half past eleven, p. m.)
1 move that the House do now. adjourn.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Georgia to withdraw that motion fora
moment.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to make
this proposition—the one proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means some
time ago—that it shall be in order for the House
to take a recess daily from five to seven o'clock.
Let that proposition be unanimously agreed'to,
f.nd then the House can adjourn.
Several Members objected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust, now, that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. McKean] will be
allowed pro forma to go on and finish lus speech
in the House.
Mr. LONGNECKER. 1 trust the absentees
will be sent for.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is my proposition
objected to >
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. It is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Then I will object
to it from this time to the end of the session.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina. 1 object to
any speech pro forma.
CALL OF TIIK HOUSE.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the House to excuse me
from further attendance this evening. I have been
here all the day, and am quite unwell. [Cuesof
" Object!"] Well, I do not think it necessary
to stay hereto late in the evening; and therefore
I shall leave.
The question was taken on Mr. Boulicny's
motion for a call of the House; and it was agreed
to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names.
Green Adam*, Alley, Thomas I,. Anderson,
Aphmore, Aveiy , Babbitt, Rai 'wlnle, Ilai i, 11,u rer. JJeale^
Blair, Uocock. (>onh<un, Uotolor, l)o\ee. lirabson. Uraneh,
RrMow, Brown, Butch, llii'neit, Uuinhum. Campbell,
Carter, John 13. CJ.nK, Clemen.-. Clopton, Col-h, Ul.uk 15.
Cochrane, John C<>ehi.iu<\ CouWuia, Coium, Covode,
Co-?, Jamei Cral£, Curry. I>a\ ul-ori, John G. Davih, ttou-
b(Mi D.ivw, l)e J.unette, D.-uino, Pnnniiek. Duell, Dutm,
Edmumlson, Kdwaid*., Eliot. Jilngn^b, Krheurtije, l-'.un^-
woitli. F( nton, Fem. Fo-ier. i''oitke, Fjeneh, (Jarnott,
Giuliani. Giow. Hale, Hall, Hamilton, J Moiris-on Hams,
UuMuu. Hutton, UawUin*.. Hill. Ilo.ud- Ilolman, Houston,
William ilowaid; JIutelmi-*, Imw , Jack-on. Jenkiii*,
Jon<"%, Kent, William K<illogg, Kilgoie. Killmger, Kunkel.
Lamar, Lanabes, Jame^M. Leach, Leake, Love, Maciav,
Mallorj, Murston, Elbert S. Martin, MeClemand, Me-
Knight, McPhcr-on, Mctiueen, Mo Ran, Mile-, MilKon,
Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Edw.nd
Joy Morris, fsaac N. Morns, Moisc, Nibiack, Nocll. Dim,
Pahnor, Perry, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pottei, i't> or,
Qunrius, Reagan, Riggs, Jaim-yC. Robinson. Uo\ ce, liutlm,
Rmt, Schwartz, Scott. Scranton, Sedgvvjek, Sickles,
Sirnuis, Singleton, William Smith. Somes. Stanton, Ste-
ven-;, Stevenson, VVhham Stewrur,Stout,T«p|>a i,Tnylot,
Tiia) er, Tlieaker, Trimble, Vance. Va:id« ver.Wade,VVal-
drou, Walton,Cadwalader O. Wabhbum, Ellihu B. Was h-
buroe, Israel Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wilson,
Wnislow, Woodiulf, Woodson, an<t Wrisht
Mv. BOULIGNY.
closed.
J move that the doors be
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion is
unnecessary. The doors will be closed under the
rules of the House.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS. I propose to compromise this
matter, by suspending all further proceedings in
the call, and permitting my colleague [Mr. Mc-
Kean] to print the balance of his speech, and then
I propose we shall adjourn.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
that.
Mr. THOMAS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ALDR1CH. I want to know whether the
Doorkeeper is here. Before we proceed any fur-
ther, it will be well enough to understand whether
the doors of the House are to be closed or not. If
gentlemen arc to be permitted to leave the House,
I want to go myself.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Doorkeeper
is present; and, unless some gentleman states that
he has notcomphed with the orders of the House,
the Chair will assume that he has performed his
duties.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Min-
nesota desires to be relieved, I hope the House
will excuse him from all further attendance.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of tha
highest privilege. I am in favor of insisting, most
rigorously, upon absolute compliance with the
rules of this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland is out of order; and I object to his proceed-
ing.
Mr. HUGHES. Why, Mr. Speaker, it is a
question of the highest privilege that I rise to.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well,l object to all debate.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Ohio is interfering with my point of order.
If gentlemen are allowed to go out of this House
after the doors have been closed, the whole pro-
ceeding is an absurdity.
Mr. TRAIN. I wish also to call attention to
the same point. Since the roll-call commenced,
gentlemen have left, the House, and gone home.
Now, I desire, when the absentees are called
that the name of Mr. Horace E. Clark should
be called among them. He was present when
the call was made, and answered to his name, but
before the doors were closed, he left the House,
and said that he was going home. I told him then
that if lie did, I would call the attention of the
House to the fact.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the only mode by which the gentleman
can accomplish his object will be to move to dis-
pense with further proceedings under the call,and
then to have a new call.
Mr. TRAIN. 1 will not make that motion
The list of absentees were then called for ex-
cuses, as follows:
Green Adams. No excuse offered.
John B. Alley. No excuse offered.
John D. Amimore.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. AshmoreIcR the House
this afternoon unwell. There was no objection
to excusing him upon the other call, and 1 move
now that he be exeuscd.
The motion was agreed to.
William T. A\ek\. No excuse offered.
Elijah Babbitt.
.iVfr. MOORHEAD. My colleagud is sick,and
I move that h<> be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Tiiomas J. Bart,. No excuse offered.
J. R. Barret. No excuse offered.
Charles L. Beale.
Mr. KENYON. My colleague was excused
on the other call on account of ill health. I move
now that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Samuel S. Blair. No excuse offered.
Thomas S. Bocock. No excuse offered.
Milledge L. Bonham. No excuse offered.
Alexander R. Boteler.
Mr. JUNK1N. I hope Mr. Boteler will be
excused. 1 think the reasons guen for his ab-
sence are such as ought to he sufficient.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will it be i.eces^ry to go
over again with the names of those who were
excused upon the other call? I ask whether they
have not been excused for attendance upon this
session of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They were only
excused from attending during that particular
call. If there be unanimous conscnt, however,
the Chair will consider all those who were ex-
cused under the other call as excused now.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that consent will be
given.
Mr. LONGNECKER. You cannot get unan-
imous consent, while I am here, for that propo-
sition.
Mr. Boteler was excused.
William W. Botce. No excuse offered.
Reese B. Brabson. No excuse offered.
LawrenceO'B. Branch. Noexcuse offered.
Francis M. Bristow. No excuse offered-
Joiin Y. Brown. Noexcuse offered.
John C. Burcb. No excuse offered
Henry C. Burnett. No excuse offered,
Alfred A. Burniiam. No excuse offered.
James H. Campbell. No excuse offered,
Lutiier C. Carter.
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Carter was excused by
the House before on account of ill health, and I
move that he be excused now for the same reason.
The motion was agreed to.
John B. Clark. No excuse offered.
Siierrard Clemens.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr Clemens has been ex-
cused once this evening, on account of his known
ill health, and I move that he be again excused.
The motion was agreed to.
David Ci.opton. No excuse offered.
Williamson 11. W. Cobb.
Mr. STALLWORTH. My colleague was ex-
cused by a vote of the House on the last call of
the roll. I move that he be still further excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Clark B. Cochrane.
Mr. POTTLE. It is well known to the House
that my colleague has been in ill health. 1 move
that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Cochrane.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that my colleague be
excused, Heleftthe House under circumstances
which 1 think he will hereafter be fully able to
explain. He looked, as he went, and as is his
wont, exceedingly comical. His absencc has a
purpose, or he would now be here. Probably he
has gone to see the Japanese. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. There is no excuse for the
gentium"m from New York; and I hope that he
will not be excused.
Mr. BRIGGS. He ought to be excused; and
I make the motion that he be excused.
The motion was not agreed to.
Roscoe Conkling. No excuse offered.
Thomas Corwin.
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague, Governor
Corwin, isin ill health; and I therefore move that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
John Covode. No excuse offered.
Samuel S. Cox. No excuse offered.
Jarez L. M. Curry.
Mr. STALLWORTH. My colleague, Mr.
Curry, was excused this evening, on a previous
call, on account of the sickness of one of his chil-
dren. 1 move that he be still further excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Thomas G. Davidson.
Mr. L ANDRUM. My colleague stated to me,
when he left the Hall, that he was not feeling well,
and that lie rould not remain longer in the House.
I have no doubt that he is absent on account of
sickness, and I move that ho be excused.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I am sorry to differ with
my colleague; hut I think that General Davidson
ism as good health as I am. If he is not here, it
is his own fault; and 1 hope that ho will not be
excused.
i Mr. LANDRUM. He told me that he was
unwell.
Mr. BOULIGNY. We can all say that wj are
unwell. I am unwell myself. [Laughter.}
The question was taken; and the mo!ion was
disagreed to.
John G. D\yjs. No excuse offered.
