308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 15,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
express purpose of declaring that Congress would
not even permit any old law which would protect
slavery to be revived. That amendment first was
in tho very language, that it should not revive any
la-w which would protect or establish slavery. It
was modified so as to read in these words:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put in fosce any law or i emulation which
may have existed prior to the act oftlie 6th ofMareh, 1820,
cither protecting, establishing, or abolishing slavery."
That is to say, Congress will do neither; cach
is inconsistent with non-intervention. These prop-
ositions were all in the bill, i well remember
the history of the Badger amendment. When I
found it necessary to put it in, to satisfy the scru-
ples of some men as to whether the repeal of the
Missouri restriction would not revive the old
French law, I, as chairman of the committee, hav-
ing charge of the bill, went to every Senator in the
body friendly to the measure, who was then pres-
ent, to know whether it was satisfactory, and that
too, after the debate; and every single Senator,
North and South, who was then present, and
friendly to the bill, agreed to that amendment in
those precisc words. I remember the last one
whom I consulted. I saw Mr. Badger entering
from the doorof the cloak room at the corner. lie
had been out, and I went to consult him. He said
" Yes, it is light." I suggested to him that I had
seen every Senator, going over all the names, who
was friendly to the bill, and*overy one had agreed
toit. il Certainly,"saidhe. " .Now,"said I, "who
shall offer it?" Said lieIt ought to come from a
southern man. A northern man brought forward
the repeal, and a southern man ought to bring for-
ward the proviso against reviving the old laws for
the protection of slavery." I askedhim if he would
do it? "Certainly, sir," said he. He walked
right to his desk and offered it. Pending the vote
on the amendment, two or three southern Senators
came in, who were not aware of the agreement,
and they voted in the negative; and those were the
only negative votes, according to my recollection,
against the Badger amendment. 1 say, then, the
Badger amendment was put in for the purpose,
and the only purpose, of declaring that, while Con-
gress would not interfere, it would not pei mit, as a
consequence of its act, any law to be revived that
would either protect or abolish slavery, or deprive
the people ol the right to do as they pleased on
that question.
Mr. President, the record is so full, so explicit
on this matter, that there is no room for miscon-
struction. The only pointon which anybody dif-
fered, so far as I know, was the simple one of the
extent of the limitation imposed by the Constitu-
tion on (he Territorial Legislature. That was the
point referred to the courts. Slavery was banished
forever from Congress; the people were to do as
they pleased, so that they did not violate the Con-
stitution; and if they did, the couHts were in de-
termine the extent of the hmitati®^ imposed by
the Constitution on their action. rinat was stated
to be the object in the report accompanying the
bill. That is shown to be the object in the judi-
ciary clause of the bill: giving jurisdiction to the
territorial courts m all cases touching the title to
slaves, or personal freedom without regaid to the
amount involved in controversy, as in other cases.
1 could take up the debates and show that it was
understood at that time, and by eminent southern
men, that that was the only point referred to the
courts. I will trouble the Senate only with one
authority on that point, and I quote him simply
because of his eminent character and the respect
this body and the country have for him—I mean
Mr. Hitter, of Virginia.
Mr. PCJGH read the following extract from
Mr. Huxter/s speech of February 2d, 1854:
'•The bill provides that the Legi-dattucs of these Teni-
toriCfj shall have puwet id Ir^iMatr* ov<*r all rightful Mib-
jeet-i oi legislation eorwMentiy with the Constitution. -And
if the} sheuid assume poweis wiueh are thought to bo in-
consistent with the Constitution, the courts v. ill decide
that <tue$tLon whetcv-'t it nun be ra;ccd. There n a thjjrr-
enre of opinion amon^the fnends of this measure as to the
extent oj the lunils winch ths Constitution imposes upon the
Territorial Le<*islatdies, Thu bill proposes in leave these
differences to the decision cf the comb. To thqt tiibunal I
am willing to leave this decision, i\ was once hefutepro-
posed to be left by the eelcbiated compromise of u e
tor from 3Xdawaie [Mr. Clayton]—a mca^uie which, ac-
cording to my understanding, was tho best compromise
which wn oiFeied upon this subject of slaveiy. 1 say,
then, that I aui willing to leave this point, upon which the
friends of the bill are at difference, to the decision of the
courts."—Appendix to Congressional Globe, first session
Thii ty-Third Congress, vol. 29, p. 2-24.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There Mr. Hunter states
the object of the bill as explicitly and as clearly
as it is possible for any man holding my opinions
to state it. The only point referred to the courts
was the extent of the limitation imposed by the
Constitution on the authority of the Territorial
Legislature. I could cite more than half the body
perhaps to'this one point, but it would only be
multiplying authority on a point that is too clear
to be disputed.
I have been quoting thus far only senatorial
authority as to the meaning of this act. I wish
to shownow that the people of the country—yea,
the southern people—understood the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill at that time as I do now, and as lex-
plained it then. I will quote the resolutions
of one sovereign State, the empire State of the
j South, a State that took the lead in 1850-51 in
putting down the heresy of congressional inter-
vention for the protection of slavery. I will ask
my friend from Ohio to read the resolutions of
the Legislature of Georgia approving of the prin-
ciples contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, rel-
ative to the subject of slavery.
Mr. PUG1I read, as follows:
Ilesolution in relation lo tho Tcrritoiy of Nebraska.
The State of Gcoigiu, m solemn convention, having firmly
fixed heiself upon the punciple of the compromise meas-
uies of 1850, relating: to tho subject ot slavery in the Tern-
toiica of the United States, as a final settlement of the agi-
tation of that question, its withdrawal from tiie Halls of
Confess and the political aiena, and its icterencc lo the
people oftlicTenltOiic* interested tbeiom ; and distinctly
recognizing in those compiotmse measures the doetiine
that it i  not competent lor Congress to impose any rcstue-
liona as to the existence of slaveiy among them, upon the
eiti/.ens moving into and bottling upon the Tonitoues of
the Union, acquired, o  to be hciealter acquired, but that
the question whether slavery shall or hhall not i'onn a pait
ot theu domestic mttiiuuon.i,^ lor them alone to deteiumie
for thcnibolveis ; and hei present Executive having reiter-
ated and attained the same fixed policy in his inaugural
addiess:
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Representativeit
of the State of Grotgia in General %dsscmbly met, That the
hcgi'datuteoi Geoigia, as the. icpuwmtuuvcs of tho people,
speahnitf their will, and expre^mg their feeling have had
their confidence stieiijjthened in the settled determination
of the si eat body of tin; nonheni people, to caiiv out, in
good l.iith, tho^e puwspkM in the ptaetical application of
them to the bills lrpoiti d by .Mi. Ducor, \s, Iiom the (Jom-
nnUeo on Tomtoms, m the (Jnned States ►Senate, at the
present se^ion, piojuwiuf the oijiaiii/ution of a temtonal
government lor tho Toiiiloiy oi Nebraska.
 /Jmi he it fuithcrTCiulccI) Tnatoui Seirilow in Congress
bo, and thej aie hoirln, in:-ti noted, and our Kepresenta-
tives ieqiuMed,to vote for and -appoit tluxe punciple*,
and to u«e all propei mean-- in then powei for**arrvingthem
out, either as applied to tho government of the Tciritory of
jNiehia-ka, or in any other biil for temtorial government
which may eoino beloie them.
liciohrd fhither. That hi* excellency the Governor he
ieqno«?ied lo tianMint a oopv ol these i evolutions to cach of
our tfenatoi'b and Rejucsentatives in Coiurress.
JOHN J!. WARD,
Speaker of the 1 Tmtsc of Representatives.
JOHN D. ST ELL,
President of the Senate.
in Senate, agiecd to, Februaiy 17, 1851.
I1UGU M. MOORE,
Seeietaiy of the Senate.
In House of Representatives, concuned m, Febiuary 17,
1854.
WILLI AM T. WOFFOItD,
Clerk oj House of Representatives.
Approved, Febiuaiy 2v), 18,rj4.
IIERSCUEL V. JOHNSON,
Governor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. These resolutions were
adopted by the State of Georgia pending the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill in the Senate when its provis-
ions wore well known, its features well under-
stood; and the Legislature then stated, in the
preamble, the pimciples which are embodied in
the bill, and which wore embodied in the compro-
mise measures of 1850. They give a construction
to tho celebrated-Georgia platform, which was the
withdrawal of the question of slavery from the
Halls of Congress and thf political arena, and its
! reference to thepeople of theTerritoriesinterested
; therein—almost the precise language of my report
- as chairman of the Committee on Territories
when the bill was introduced. Georgia approved
of the policy of withdrawing the question from
the Hdis of Congress, and referring it to the peo-
ple of the Territories. She approved of that pro-
|| vision which distinctly recognized the compromise
!j measures of 1850, and provided that, the question
j whothci- fjhvn-y should, or should not, form a
; part of then: domestic institutions, was for them
i alone to determine for themsel-ves. Georgia hav-
ing stated that these principles were affirmed by
the compromise measures of 1850—that she ap-
proves of these principles—instructs her Senators
to vote for the Kansas-Nebraska bill introduced
by myself, as chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, It is undeniable that Georgia understood
the Kansas-Nebraska biil as [ understand it. She
understood the compromise measures of 1850 as
I understand them. These Georgia resolutions
are as good a platform as X want, I am willing
to take the preamble and resolutions adopted by
the State of Georgia in 1854, without the dotting
of an if or the crossing of a t, and declarc them
to be the Democratic platform. I hear men behind
me say they are not. I am. I will take the Geor-
gia platform with its own interpretationynot mine.
I could not use language to express my own opin-
ions more clearly and unequivocally than T find
them standing on the statute-book of Georgia at
this day as instructions to her Senators.
The country then understood this measure as I
now explain it; and I will show you that the-
House of Representatives, as well as the Senate,
understood it in the same way. It will be recol-
lected that Colonel Richardson, of Illinois, was?
chairman of the Committee on Territories, andy
as such, reported the Kansas-Nebraska bill int
the House of Representatives. He explained it
then as 1 do now. Tho reputation that he made
during that session in tho passage of this great
measure, so commended him to southern Demo-
crats, that when the next Congress assembled
they presented his name as the Democratic can-
didate for Speaker, against the Republican candi-
date, Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts. Pending
that election for Speaker, the southern Opposition
members charged Mr. Richardson with not being
sound on the slavery question, because he held to
this odious doctrine of non-intervention, or squat-
ter sovereignty, as polite gentlemen are in the
habit of terming it. General Zollicoffer pro-
pounded questions for the candidates for Speaker
to answer. These questions were read from the
Clerk's, table, and Mr► Richardson, as well as the
other candidates, proceeded to answer. I will
ask my friend to read the answer of Governor
Richardson.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" Mr. IlieiiAunyoN. The Constitution does not, in my
opinion, cany the institutions of any JrUaten into the Ter-
ritonos; but it atfoids the ^atne pioteetion theie to Ihe in-
stitutions of one ^tate a^ to another. The eicr/wn of Vir-
ginia a3 much entitled, m tiie common teintoiy, to the
pioteetion of Ins propeity, under the Constitution, as the
citizen of Illinois; both are dependent upon the legislation
ot the tcrritoiial government for law* to protect their piop-
eity, of whatever kind it maybe. Thu« il will be seen,
that though there may be upon this point a difference theo-^
letically—involving questions for judicial deeisum—yet
theie is none, practically, among the friends of non-inter-
vention by Congress, ps the practical lesult is to place the
decision of tho question in the hand? of thobe who are most
deeply interested in its isolation, namely: the people of tho
Tenitorv, who have made it rhtdr home, and whe-e inter-
ests arc most deeply involved in the character of the insti-
tution? under winch they are to live."—Congressional
Globe, vol. 32, part 1, p. 222.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Subsequently, but on the
same day, January 12, 1856, in reply to a ques-
tion by Mr. Bingham, Colonel Richardson said:
"I said in my remains this morninsr, that, m my opin-
ion, the people of aTerritoiy have the right cither to estab-
lish or prohibit African slavery. I think that is an answer
to the gentleman's question.p. 227.
That was the answer of Colonel Richardson
when a candidate for Speaker, and questioned, by
southern as well as northern men, as to his opin-
ions on this very question. " I was not here a* the
time. I was prostrate upon a sick bed, in Indiana,
with very little prospect of ever seeing the Capi-
tol again. When Colonel Richardson's answer
was read to me, I was rejoiced to hear that he had
given a clear and explicit explanation of the true
meaning of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as we un-
derstood it. The Journals show that, upon this
answerbeinggiven, the House, on the same day,
proceeded to the one hundred and eighth ballot
for Speaker, and I ask my friend from Ohio to read
the names of the men voting for Mr. Richardson
after this answer was made.
Mr. PUGH read,as follows:
"For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Burnett,"Cadwal.itiei, Oaruthers, Catskie,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, W. R. W. Cobb, Craige, David-
son, Denver, Dowdell,Edraundson,Elliot, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Thomas J, I). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
