1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
with our system. Itestablishes no gratuities. It
rejects the idea of gratuities as unwise. It rejects
the whole system of donations, and provides that
when the Government extends the benefits it does
by this bill, the public property shall not be made
a total sacrifice, but that the Government shall
receive into its Treasury at least the actual outlay
and cost of the original possession. The House
bill sets a precedent that is destructive. The grants
of bounty lands may be cited, perhaps, as a justifi-
cation; but those grants were undoubtedly based
on the consideration of actual service rendered in
war, and it is useless to enlarge on that sort of
patriotism which has pervaded Congress, and has
led them to recognize such service by extraor-
dinary grants and bounties, and which when char-
acterized , as it must justly be, is more to be deplored
than otherwise, in my judgment, for the ruinous
extent to which it has gone. I think those who
have conducted it have not acted wisely, for it has
not thrown settlers on tho public lands, nor been
confined to meritorious cases. It is a system in
aid of speculators.
I do not regard it as much of a gratuity to give
to the soldier that periled his life, a piece of land
that he does not want, and which he has to turn
over to market, when,your next day's legisla-
tion will destroy even the value of his certifi-
cate, by making donations gratuitous to other par-
ties who never served at all. It seems to me that,
in this instance, the House bill certainly presents
the most entirely bald and palpable instance that
could bo found in legislation, ignoring all past
action, and flinging away the present property of
this Government.
The House bill is destitute of symmetry and
sympathy, and of any provision which is calcu-
lated to improve the revenue that lias hitherto been
derived from the public lands. The Senate bill,
while going upon the idea of aiding the settler,
gives him the land at a low price; but in the mean
time gives him the right to pay the full price, and
to perfect his title at nay time during the five yeais.
After he has settled the land and unproved it for
two or three years, he may reflect, " I may die
to-morrow,and I may leave my wife and children
without protection; I am well enough off now to
pay for the land; I will pay the Government price
at once; I will have my title perfected; and then,
if I die, it will go to my family without any ques-
tion; I will pay the money and sleep easy 111 my
bed at night." We have put in the bill a provis-
ion allowing the settler to pay for his land at any
time within the five years. According to the sta-
tistics furnished by past expellene.e, under cir-
cumstances less favorable than (his, seventy-two
per cent, of the seltlers eaine forward and paid
• the full price before the expiration of the time,
when they could obtain perfect titles under the
donation acts. This point I desire to address to the
attention of Democratic Senators, who have been
most strenuously opposed to the whole system.
This Senate bill offers to the settler the right
to pay the full price and to perfect his title at any
time during tho five years; and this the statistics
prove will secure a full price for seventy-two per
cent, of all tho entries that arc attempted to be
made under the act, at the rate of twenty-five
cents an acre. Upon this point it is but proper
that I should read to the Senate some statistics
wliich have been furnished me by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. It is not to bo
concealed that a serious objection to the whole
measure has been, that in the first place it was a
gratuity, a giving away of the public property for
nothing. That was the great point that oppressed
the minds of all who opposed the original bill;
and now when this bill proposes to require the
payment of the original cost of the land to the
Government—twenty-five cents an acre—still I
have no question that its reduced price will be a
serious source of objection in the minds of a great
number of persons, and may, and I presume will,
lead some to vote against the passage of the bill.
There are some statistics 011 this point which,
I confess, were to me surprising; but they are the
actual results of the experiment of donation acts
in the cases of Oregon and Florida. In those
cases donationaof land were made upon condition
of four years' settlement; at the.end of which
time the settlers were to have a perfect title without
paying a single cent. In response to my inquiries
as to the result of these laws, I will read what the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, Mr.
Wilson, says. And first in regard to the Oregon
act: a law passed in 1850, upon four years' settle-
ment, gave to the parties who settled on the land
six hundred and forty acres for those who were
there already, and three hundred and twenty acres
to the heads of families who might go and settle
thereafter. In reference to my inquiries a§ to the
practical workings of this act, the Commissioner
says:
" I have the honor to submit the 1 esult of an examination
made in live hundred and eighty-one of the oldest cases of
donation under tlie act of 27th September, 1850, and acts
amendatory, wliich have been proved up.
" Of this number, there arc for donations after the full
period of settlement three hundred and sixty-six.
" Paid in under acts of 1853 and 1854 two hundred and
fifteen."
The acts of 1853 and 1854 were acts procured
by the Senator from Oregon as a Delegate in the
other House; aliowing these people, onthcirurgent
petition to Congress, to come forward and enter
their larfd and pay the whole price, rather thaij to
be kept four years in that condition that they did
not know whether they would get the land in the
end or not, although it was pledged to them by
an act of Congress as a donation. "What was the
result? It is somewhat striking. The Delegate
came here and earnestly pressed their application
to be allowed to pay for their land. Congress
said: "Very well; if they choose to abandon the
right of taking this land for nothing in quantities
of six hundred and forty acres for all settlers who
were there before the passage of the act of 1850,
and three hundred and twenty acres for all heads
of families who went there after the passage of
the act; if they choose to abandon those good
tcrtfis and pay the full price of the land, they shall
be permitted to do so, and receive their patents."
"What was the effect ? The Commissioner says
that two hundred and fifteen paid for their lands,
and
11 Of the three hundred and sixty-six claims in virtue of
the lull-settlement period, two hundied and righty-tnree or
about seventy-seven per cent, rejected befoie the passage
of the act of J850."
The first settlements were made when the set-
tlers had no thought that Congress would ever
extend to them so great a credit.
" Of the two hundred and ninety-seven claims under set-
tlement subsequent to the passage of the donation act of
1850, only eighty-three, or about twenty-eight per cent., were
allowed in virtue of the full period of settlement."
Only eighty-three out of the whole number ever
staid long enough to get the benefit of the act.
The Commissioner continues;
'£ Tho progress! of that period having brought them within
the purview of the puiehaso acts of 1853-51, the settlers
availed themselves ot those acts and made the payment ic-
quuoci, in eases amounting to seventy-two per cent."
Of all who started to take the benefit of the do-
nation act, seventy-two per cent, actually paid
the full price of the land and obtained their patents
without waiting for the expiration of the period
of settlement at which they would obtain titles for
nothing. Then what is the objection that can ex-
ist on this side of the House against this measure
on the ground that it is consuming and seizing and
carrying away all the public lands, when abso-
lutely but twenty-eight per cent, ever gotthc ben-
efits of a donation act where there was the most
palpable inducement to which they could be sub-
jected ? I think this point is demonstrated by the
test of facts and actual experience with such clear-
ness and distinctness, that it can need no further
argumentin supportofit. In the letter from which
i have already quoted, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office says, further:
'' The picponderancc of paid over settlement claims has
steadily increased; for we find that of the claims returned
undei settlement oiiginatmg in 1854, only seven are al-
lowed on settlement to Mxtv-tvvo. or about eighty-eight per
e^nt. on payment."
It is astonishing. I had never thought that
such facts existed; bu.t here they arc under the
working of a system almost parallel with what
was the original proposition of the House of Rep-
resentatives, a gratuitous gift; and if that be so
under thusc circumstances, how must it be when
we consider that in the case of the present bill,
instead of giving a gratuity wo require the ori-
ginal cost of the land to be refunded to the Gov-
ernment—twenty-five cents an acre; and that, in-
stead of the House bill, which gives seven years
before a patent is required to be taken out, we
require live years; and at the end of that time, if
the patent is not obtained and the title perfected,
we work a forfeiture; and, instead of the House
bill, which gives land to everybody, we confine
it to those who are, in effect, American citizens and
the heads of families. This bill limits the classes,
limits the quality and character of the land; limits
the length of time before a patent is required to
be taken out; limits the privileges which the set-
tlers shall have, and involves a forfeiture and loss
of their rights unless they comply with the law
within the specified time.
This is the way this matter has presented itself
to-the members of the Committee on Public Lands,
and I regard the members of the committee, who
have concurred in reporting this bill, as Having
been sincerely working to obtain something which
shall prove rational within itself, and which shall
be productive of good to the actual settler, and
yet not be destructive of any other great interest
that this country may have at stake.
In the letter to which I have referred, the Com-
missioner further says:
"The effect of the extension of the preemption laws over
the Territoiy m the last mentioned year, (185*4,) is shown
by a decrease in tlie number of donation claims."
They do not even stand in conflict with the
preemption law, for they get a credit by the pre-
emption law which, in some eases, amounts to
two years, and by that time they arc ready to pay
for their land, and they do not wait to get the
benefit of the donation act; and this is the case
now, " notwithstanding the advantage in favor of
donations, a married settler being entitled to lo-
cate three hundred and twenty acres, while, under
the preemption laws, one hundred and sixty acres
only can be acquired." Thus it is palpable that
m Oregon, where this matter has been tested, the
donation law was abandoned as a practical thing
amongst the people, and the preemption law sub-
stituted, though the one was a gratuity, while the
other demanded the full price of the lands, and
only allowed the settler to take half the quantity
that the other gave. These facts arc presented
from official sources; they cannot be denied; and
if we legislate wisely and consistently, we are
compelled to regard the truth and the record as it
stands.
Sir, I cannot but think that the House bill was
not fully comprehended by its friends. If there
were those who had studied it maturely, they
certainly must have seen that the bill itself was a
deception, and was capable of being used as a
deception, by which numbers would be induced
to pull up stakes wherever they were, with their
families,and trundle themselves off to a new coun-
try, where they were to have the promise of some-
thing that they would never get; and being wholly
inexperienced in the mannerof getting along, and
how to provide for themselves in a country such
as they were going to, being ignorant of every-
thing that they would be subjected to, being un-
aware of the amount of suffering which they would
have to endure, the result would be that they
would turn with curses upon the authority that
had so invited them, and had not had the intelli-
gence to see that it was an invitation to sickness,
suffering, and death.
I shall not go into the circumstances relative to
the case of the donation act in Florida; but that
is exemplificatory of the same state of facts as the
Oregon case. I will merely make a general state-
ment as to it. By the armed occupation act of
August 4, 1842, a grant of two hundred thousand
acres was made as a donation on condition of set-
tlement and cultivation and continued residence
thereon for the space of four years. There were
selected under the act, by permits, two hundred
and eleven thousand three hundred and sixty
acres, being an excess of eleven thousand three
hundred and sixty over the amount allowed by
law. This shows with what avidity persons came
forward to seize the lands they were to getfor noth-
ing; and the result shows what a delusion the
whole thing turned out to be. The people rushed
forward and seized upon two hundred and eleven
thousand three hundred and sixty acres. Of those
there were absolutely forfeited to the Government
and abandoned by the people one hundred and
thirty-eight thousand four hundred acres, leaving
still to be dealt with in the Land Office seventy-
two thousand nine hundred and sixty acres. Of
these there are now suspended, and will probably
be canceled, says the Commissioner, entries to the
