310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senatk.
amendment to insert the words " or introduce,"
by which he was deprived of the opportunity of
voting on it; and Governor Chase having refused
f to accept that amendment, it left the Senate to
vote simply on the question whether they would
. so amend the bill as to give the power to prohibit
without the power to introduce and protect sla-
very. That amendment was rejected because the
words offered by Governor Pratt were not ac-
cepted. And yet, sir, in the face of these facts,
my vote against this Chase amendment has been
cited as evidence that 1 myself was unwilling to
allow the people to act either for or against slavery
in the Territories. The debate oft this amendment
shows clearly and conclusively that the under-
standing of the framers of the bill was, that we
were to allow the people to act as they pleased,
so that they did not violate the Constitution, for
or against slavery as they choose; and if their
territorial enactments were inconsistent with the
Constitution, the courts were to apply the rem-
edy, but not Congress. The record shows that
Mr. Shields, then my colleague, appealed to Gov-
ernor Chase to accept of the amendment of Mr.
Pratt. Mr. Shields said:
" If the honorable Senator will permit, I will suggest to
him, if he wishes to test that proposition, to put the con-
verse as suggested by the honoiable Senator from Mary-
land, and then it will be a fair proposition. Let the Sen-
ator from Ohio accept ihe amendment of tho Senator from
Maryland i'or the purpose of testing the question."
I will ask my friend from Ohio also to read
what Mr. Senator Badger, of North Carolina, then
said in respect to this Chase amendment.
Mr. PUGrH read, as follows:
"Mr. President, I have understood, I find, correctly,the
purport of the amendment offered by the honorable Senator
from Ohio. The put pose of the amendment, and the effect
of the amendment, i! adopted by the Senate, and standing
as it doc*, are clear and obvious. The cjfect of the amend-
ment, and ike designof the amendment, arc to overrule and
subvert the very proposition introduced into the bill upon the
motion of the chuirnmnof the Committee on Territories,
[Mr. Douglas.] Is not that cleat? The position as it
stands, is an unrestricted and unreserved reference to the
. territorial authorities* or the people themselves, to determine
upon the queMion of slavery ; and, therefore, by the very
terms, as well as by the obvious meaning and legal opera-
tions of that amendment (of Mr Piatfjxo enable them
either TO FXVl.VDF, OK TO INTRODHcr. OR TO A LLOW s7.a-
vfry. If, therefore, the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator tiom Ohio wen; appended to the bill in tin: connection
in winch he introduces if, the neec-saty and inevitable
effect of it u'Outd he to conlrot and limit the language which
the Senate has just put into the bill, and to give it tins con-
struction: that though Congress leave* thum to regulate
their own domestic institutions as they please, yet, in regat d
to the subject-matter of slavery, the power isconjincd to the
exclusion or prohibition of it. I say this is both the legal
effect and the maintop design of the amendment. The legal
effect is obvious upon the statement; the design is obvious
upon the refusal ot the gentleman to incorpoiatc in Ins
amendment what was suggested by my honorable friend
from Maryland, the propriety and fairness of which were
instantly seen by my friend Vrom Illinois, [Mr. Shields.]"
"I have no hesitation, therefore, m saying that I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator from Ohio. The
clause as it stands is ample. It submits the whole author-
ity to the Territory to determine for itself. That, in my
judgment, is the place where it ought to be put. Ifthepeo-
plc of these Territories choose to exclude slavery, sofarjrom
considering it a ivrong done to me or tj my constituents, I
shall not complain of it. St is their oiun business/'
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 now ask that the vote on
rejecting the Chase amendment, for the reasons
assigned m the debate which I have quoted, may
be read.
Mr, PUGH read, as follows:
"The question being taken by jeas and nays on the
amendment of Mr. Cha?.e, it resulted—yeas 10, nay-. 3B.
"Yeas—Meters*. Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fcssen-
dcn. FWh, Foote, Hamlin. Seward, Smith, Sumner, and
Wade—10.
" Nays—Messrs. Adanr, Atchison,Badger, Bell, Beuja
min, Brodhcad, Brown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, 3)aw>on,
Dixon, Dodge of Iowa. Douglas. Evan*, Fit/,patrick, Gwm,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones ot Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Morton, Noiris, I'cttit, Piatt. Jtus>k, Scbas*
tiari, Shields, Slidcll, Stuart, Toucey, Walkei, Welier, and
William-?—36.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thus it will be seen, from
the record, that the Chase amendment was re-
jected, because it did not leave the people free to
acton the subject, either for or against slavery,
to introduce, protect, or prohibit, as they saw
proper; and that these reasons were assigned at
the time by southern men—Pratt of Maryland,
Badger of North Carolina, and others—for voting
against the Chase amendment. If those who cited
this amendment, and my votes upon it, against
mc, had read the debate as well as the amend- j
ment itself, they would have found that it proved
precisely the reverse of that for which it was
cited against me.
The amendment offered by my colleague, in
1856, to the Toombs bill, and my vote against it,
have been cited as evidence that it was not the
intention or the understanding of any of us, when
the Kansas-Nebraska bill passed, to allow the
people to act on this question. I will ask that the
Trumbull amendment be also read. The bill to
which that amendment was offered was a bill
known as the Toombs bill, to authorize the people
of Kansas to form a constitution and come into
the Union as a State. It was not offered as an
amendment to a territorial bill, but to a State bill;
and, as an amendment to a State bill, was fixing a
construction to a territorial bill which was to
cease to operate by the admission of a State under
the bill which we wero then passing.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
" Jind be it further enacted, That the provision in the
act ' to organize the Teiritories of Kansas and Nebraska,'
which declares it to be 'the true intent and meaning of
said act not to legislate slavery into any Territory or State,
or to exclude it therefrom j but to leave the people thereof
perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of
the United States,' was intended to and does confer upon or
leave to the people of the Territory of Kansas full pou-cr at
any time thiough its Territorial Legislature to exclude sla-
very from said Territory, or to recognize or regulate it
therein."
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thus it will be seen that the
amendment of my colleague was to dcclare, in the
bill for the admission of u State into the Union,
that it was the intent of the act of Congress or-
ganizing that Territory, to allow the people of
the Territory either to introduce or exclude sla-
very as they saw proper. This amendment was
rejected by the Senate on two grounds. One was,
that it was irrelevant to append it to a State bill,
when it was declaring the intent of a territorial
bill. The other ground was, that it was an act of
usurpation for the Congress of the United States
to attempt to adjudicate the meaning of that ter-
ritorial bill; that the question what its true intent
and moaning was after it passed, belonged to the
courts, and not to the Senate or ITouse of Repre-
sentatives; and the attempt of Congress thus to
expound it was an act of usurpation. To prove
that such was the case, I will ask to have read
brief extracts from various speeches which I have
collected, showing the grounds on which the
Trumbull amendment was opposed. I will re-
mark, that no man intimated, pending that debate,
that the Trumbull amendment did not containthe
true meaning of the bill; but they said, we will not
by act of Congress attempt to expound a territo-
rial act.
Mr. PUGH read, as follows:
"Mr. Cass said: Now, in respect to myself, I suppose
the Senate know* clearly inv views. I Mieve the oiiguial
act gave the Tenitoual LcgM.uutc of Kansas full power to
exclude or allow shivery." * A * "Thi^
being my view, I shall vote against the amendment.
" Mr. Douolas said: The leading ot the amendment in-
clines ray lnuid to the belief that, in its legal effect, it i<
precisely the same with the original act, and almost in the
words of that act. Hence I should have no hesitancy in
voting tor it, except that it is putting on this hill a matter
that docs not belong to it." ~ * * * *
" Mr. Bioucit said: Now, sir, I am not prepared to say
what the intention ot the Congiess ol 1854 wa<, because I
was not a member of that Congress. I will not vote on this
amendment, because I should not know that my vote wa*s
expressing the truth. I agree, too, with the Senator from
Michigan [iMr. Ca<sJ and the Scnatoi trom Illinois, [Mi.
Douglas,] that tins i* substantially the law as it now ex-
ists." * v ' v ' * *
14 Mr. Tourr.y s \id : Now, 1 object to this amendment as
pupejtiuou.s. nugatory ; woisc than that, as giving grounds
for misrepresentation. It leav( s the subject precisely where
it is left in the Kan*.as-Nebi<v«ka bill." K * * *
"Mr. BAA'Utn said: I have no objection to the amend-
ment ptopo^ed bv the honorable Senator from IJIinoi-s, [\fr.
Trumbull,] which to me would be perfectly sufficient, in-
dependent of any other; and that is, it is nothing more or
less than an attempt to give a judicial exposition by the Con-
gress of the United Str/trs to the Constitution; and. I kohl
that they have no right to usurp judicial power."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the reading of the
vote on the reasons assigned in debate for giving
the vote.
Air. PUGH read, as follows:
"The question being taken by yeas and nays on the
amendment, resulted—veas 11, nays 34; as follow* :
" irEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Colla-
mer, Durkee, Fessenden, Foote, Foster, Hale, Seward,
Trumbull, and Wade—11.
"Nays—Messrs.Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Big-
ler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay, Crittenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Iluutei, Iver-
sou, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Pratt, Pugh,
Reid, Sebastian, SlidelJ, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, Welier, Wright, and Yulee—34.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thus it appears from the
record that all who voted for theTrumbull amend-
ment declared by their votes that it was the true
intent and meaning of the act not to legislate sla-
very into a Territory or out of it, but to leave
the people thereof to do as they pleased, subject
to the Constitution. It appears from the debates,
however, that all who voted against it assigned
as a reason for the negative vote either that it was
irrelevant, or that it was a usurpation of judicial
power; but no one of them intimated orprctended
it was not a true explanation of the bill. Mr.
Bayard said in his remarks that
" It is nothing more or less than an attempt to give a ju-
dicial exposition, by the Congress of the United States, to
the Constitution ; and I hold that they have no light to
usurp judicial power."
Now what act was it that was to be a usurpa-
tion of judicial power? It was the proposition of
Congress to declare that, under the Nebraska bill,
and the Constitution of the United States, the
people of the Territory had the power to introduce
or exclude slavery. Mr. Bayard said that was
an act of usurpation, an act beyond the constitu-
tional authority of the Senate; and yet we have
resolutions now under debate, by which the Sen-
ate is called upon to adjudicate that identical
question. The resolutions on your table provide
that neither Congress nor a Territorial Legisla-
ture have a right to exclude slavery from a Ter-
ritory. That is the substance of them. The
object of these resolutions is to ask the Senate to
decide this very judicial question, which Mr.
Bayard, in 1856, denounced as beyond your con-
stitutional authority to do. He denounced it as
an act of attempted usurpation, and every one of
you stood here silent and heard Mr. Bayardgive
that denunciation to the proposition to expound
the meaning of the Constitution on this question
by an act of the Senate. You are now called upon
by these resolutions lo perform that very act of
usurpation, and decide that very judicial question
which, by the Kansas-Nebraska act, was to be
referred to the courts and banished from Congress
forever; and which you pledged yourselves by
that act never to decide in Congress. There is
the record. 1 hold you to your pledges that you
will leave this question to the courts, where the
Constitution leaves it, where you agreed to leave
it, and banish it from the Halls of Congress, as
you agreed to banish it, forever.
The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] it
will be remembered, in the extract that I read
yesterday, declared that the understanding of the
Nebraska bill was that one point was referred to
courts, and that was the extent of the limitations
of the Constitution on the authority of a Territo-
rial Legislature. That was the point, the only
point, that was agreed to be left to the courts. The
Senator from Virginia not only made that speech
in 1854 on the Nebraska bill when it was pend-
ing, but last year, when a debate arose between
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] and
myself, on the 93d of February, the Senator from
Virginia arose and made an explanation, and
quoted that very extract as a true exposition of
the meaning of the bill, and reaffirmed it as his
existing sentiments. Now the Senate is called
upon, in violation of the meaning and pledges of
the Nebraska act, as defined by the Senator from
Virginia, to decide that very question by resolu-
tions of the Senate, which was to be referred to
the courts and banished from Congress forever.
I submit whether this is carrying out the true in-
tent and meaning of that act. I submit whether
this is banishing the subject from the Halls of
Congress; whether it is referring it to the people
immediately interested in it, subject to the limita-
tions of the Constitution, and leaving the court
to ascertain the extent of those limitations.
In the debate growing out of this Toombs bill,
my colleague put the question to me, after it had
been answered over and over again in previous
speeches, whether or not a Territorial Legislature
had the power to exclude slavery? He had heard
my opinion on that question over and over again.
I did not choose to answer a question that had
been so often responded to, but referred him to
the judiciary to ascertain whether the power ex-
