782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
of vast benefits where it already exists, and cal-
culated to produce the greatest good in societies
where, under favoring influences of soil and cli-
mate, it may be newly established.
The Democratic party, moreover, insists that
this property in man is distinctly recognized and
protected by the Constitution of the United States;
that wherever the term "property"is used in
that instrument, it embraces slaves as truly as any
object^of legitimate ownership; and that every
conclusion of legal or logical sequence from the
language of the Constitution which may apply to
merchandise of any description is equally appli-
cable to this. I am aware that there is a section
of the Democratic party which dops not concur in
all of the foregoing views, and I shall have occa-
sion to consider its position in the course of my
remarks. The influence of this portion in pub-
lic affairs is, however, at present, comparatively
small. Uhe executive department of the Govern-
ment, the Democratic members of the Federal
judiciary, and an overwhelming majority of the
Democraticmembers of both Houses ofCongress,
embrace th® opinions which I have now stated.
In the discussions in the other wing of the Capi-
tol, and upon this floor, I have heard these doc-
trines set forth scores of times as component parts
of the Democratic creed, and they have been re-
ceived almost without a word of disapprobation
from any one claiming to belong to the Demo-
cratic organization. Indeed, I think that it may
properly be assumed that, but for the stern re-
sistance which is made to these principles by the
Republican party, they would be practically car-
ried out, in all their logical results, by all the
departments of the Federal Government. It is
proper, therefore, that I should briefly indicate
those results.
In the first place, then, if these prnciples be
correct, there is no justification or palliation for the
laws of the United States against the African slave
trade. If property in man, as in merchandise,
exists of natural right, if its establishment in new
communities is just and expedient, if the Con-
stitution applies to it the same universal guar-
antee which it applies to all objects of legitimate
ownership, then human beings are as proper an
article of commerce as cotton; the statute which
declares the slave trade piracy is a hideous in-
iquity, and its execution would be judicial mur-
der. Again, assuming the correctness of the prin-
ciples already enunciated, it is the imperative duty
of Congress to provide forthwith, by further legis-
lation, for the protection of property in slaves m
the Territories of the United States. Whatever
else may be said of this species of property, itis
certainly true that it is regarded by the greater
portion of Christendom with peculiar repugnance.
The emigration which flows into the Territories is
very largely composed of men who share in this
feeling, and the consequence has been that slave-
holders have felt that their estate in their human
chattels was entirely insecure, when once removed
beyond the protection of State sovereignty. To
say that the Constitution guaranties to the owner
of property the absolute enjoyment of his rights
therein, throughout the Federal possessions, and
then to refuse a remedy for the violation of those
rights, is but a solemn mockery. Nor is this all.
The same reasoning necessarily interposes the
limitations of the Constitution against the capa-
city of the people of a Territory to abolish slavery
when they come to make their State constitution;
and every State in this Union, which has emerged
from the territorial condition since 1789, and, in so
r ^aS inco,T'oro-t.cd into Us constitution what
I think I may properly call the anti-slavery clause,
and has hitherto relied upon that clause as a suf-
ficient security for its free system, is to-day 111 its
egal condition, according to this exposition of
the Constitution of the United States, as much a
slave State as South Carolina or Georgia. For
where, I may ask, did the people, while in their
territorial condition, as they must have been while i
in the act of making theirconstitution, acquire their
power to abolish slavery within their borders >
* rom any inherent right so to do ? This is vehe-
mently denied. From any act of Con-ress > It
is expressly affirmed that Congress can confer no
such power. From the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States? The answer is an unqualified nega-
tive. Whence, then, does this power come > The
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] in his very
able speech gave the only answer of which, upon
the Democratic theory, the question is susceptible.
The power is a " revolutionary" one; against all
constitutions, alllaws, all governmental authority,
it refmes by " revolution." The whole Democratic
territorial policy is thus reduced to a system, not
of order, but of disorder; not of regulated law,
but of chronic anarchy; not of peace and stability,
but of " revolution.'
Such are the fundamental principles of the Dem-
ocratic party, and such are their logical results.
I meet them in their very beginnings, for it is
there that wc shall find the starting point of diver-
gence between the two great parties upon this
subject. I affirm that property in man aoes not,
and' cannot exist of natural right. It fills me with
unspeakable mortification to be compelled, in this
enlightened age and this Christian Republic, to go
back to demonstrate the primary truths of com-
mon morality. But the necessity exists. The
Democratic organization, extending into every
town and village in the Confederacy, is fast be-
coming debauched and demoralized in regard to
this whole matter. Its leaders teach that slavery
is right; and the masses everywhere are being
gradually led—by a course downward in morals
and backward in civilization—to adopt that teach-
ing as true. If this doctrine shall become the pre-
dominant belief throughout the greater portion of
the country, and systems of bondage come to be
justified and approved by the masses of the peo-
ple, then I believe that real freedom will speedily
thereafter disappear from the Republic. 1 repeat,
therefore, that property in slaves does not and
cannot exist of natural right. There is no voice
of inspiration asserting in man such dominion
over his fellow-man like that which gave to our
race " dominion over the fish of the sea, and over
the fowl of the air, and over every living thing
that movcth upon the face of the earth;'"' and we
are, therefore, left to rest our judgment upon the
just instincts of the human heart, and the honest
guidance of an enlightened conscience. And to
these I appeal. There is not a literature of any
people or age which does not depict liberty as
better t]&n life, and slavery as worse than death.
There is not a man in this House who would not
sooner lie down in his grave than become a bond-
man; there is not one of us who would not rather
see the face of his child upturned to him, dead in
its coffin, than to see that child sold as a slave.
No promises of sufficient food and decent apparel
and comfortable shelter, of care in sickness and
support in old age, could change this preference;
and if long ages of servitude liave produced, in
isolated instances, a different choice, the common
sense of mankind justly finds in such phenom-
ena a more conclusive proof of the brutalizing
influences of bondage. The laws which are made
for the security of this species of property afford
further evidence that it is based upon 'wrong.
It is impossible that any relation, right in itself,
should require such utterly repulsive enactments
for its maintenance in a civilized society. I have
to some extent, looked into the statutes and judi-
cial decisions of those communities where the in-
stitution prevails, and I find that they compose
a merciless, remorseless, terrible machinery for
changing a man into a brwte. There is but one
step wanting to make the work complete: they
have not yet legalized murder. I find judges of
the highest tribunals declaring that this fearful
system is absolutely necessary for the presei-va-
tion of property in man; and when they have
proved that proposition, they have demonstrated
that such property cannot originally exist of nat-
ural right.
But it is said that, however this may be, we
must take things as they are; that property in
man is recognized in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as legally right, and entitled to the same
legal protection as other property, wherever that
Constitution is tho organic law ot the community;
that the Constitution is the organic law of the
community throughout all the Federal posses-
sions; that this practical recognition of tho legal
lectitude of slavery is even more potent than
would be -the universal acknowledgment of the i
right of property m man; for, as things actually !
are in our system of government, wherever the I
Constitution prevails, except where checked and I
limited by State sovereignty, there is thus super- !
added to natural right the guarantee of positive I
law. I might reply to this assumption, that the 1
best expounders of constitutional law in this !
country have held, with great unanimity, that the
Constitution of the United States does not become
a part of the territorial law until made so by act
1 of Congress, or by the change from the territorial
I to the State condition. But it is unnecessary to
! follow that line cf argument, and it would lead
j me too far from my purpose.
; My answer to the assumption which I have
mentioned is, that the Constitution of the United
States nowhere recognizes any natural right of
: property m man, and nowhere creates such legal
right. The Constitution purposely, carefully,
guardedly, ignores the very existence of such prop-
erty. The slave is represented on this floor as a
person, not as a chattel; the clause for the rendi-
: tion of fugitives does not purport to restore mer-
, chandise to its owner, but a debtor to his creditor;
1 representation and direct taxation are to be appor-
■ tioned among the several States, according to an
| enumeration of persons, not according to an en-
| rollment of property. All that the Constitution
■ of the United States does in reference to this spe-
I cies of property in the States where it exists, is
| to let it alone; the protection which it enjoys from
j Federal interference is the protection of State
\ sovereignty, and not of the Constitution; and its
j assurance of the efficiency of that protection is
| found in the provision that " the powers not del-
egated to the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively,
or to the people." The Constitution nowhere
undertakes to designate what shall be regarded as
j property; it does not define property atali. That
| winch the local sovereignty treats as property
i within its jurisdiction, is just so far treated as
j property by ^the Constitution; if claimed to be
, property outside of that jurisdiction, it must pos-
sess tho natural, generic characteristics of proij-
erty, which I have shown slavery does not. It
is, in my judgment, a libel upon the Constitution
to say that slavery exists anywhere by virtue of
its provisions.
If ever there was an instrument of government
in the world, that breathed the very spirit of free-
dom, it is the Constitution of the United States.
It was made " to establish justice and to secure
the blessings <Jf liberty;" it declares that "the
I privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
; suspended," except in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion; that " no bill of attainder or ex post facto law
shall l^e passed;" that " no title of nobility shall
. be granted by the United States" it subjects the
! chief Executive Magistrate to impeachment; it
1 provides that " the trial of all crimes, except in
cases of impeachment, shall be by jury" of the
vicinage; it guaranties "to every State in this
Union a republican form of government;" it for-
bids the enactment of any law by the Federal
Legislature " respecting an establishment of reli-
gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the press,
or the right of the people peaceably to assemble
and to petition the Government for a redress oi
grievances;" it declares that "the right of the
peopletokeep and bear arms shall not be infringed;
that the right of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects, against un-
; reasonable searches and seizures shall not be vio-
| lated;" that " no person shall be deprived of life,
! liberty, or property, without due process of law;"
; al'd then, to cover all possible contingencies of
I danger to the liberties of individuals, it declares
i that " the enunciation, in the Constitution, of cer-
! tain rights, shall not be construed to deny or dis-
| parage others retained by the people;'"' and there
! is no word in that instrument, which, even indi-
; rectly, implies that the meaning and application
of these general terms are to be restricted by any
; considerations of race or lineage. Jfo, sir, not
j one; and those, who go about to find such restric-
I tion, arc compelled to resort to indirection and
; outside interpretation to accomplish then-purpose.
| Eveiy page of the Constitution of the United
| States is radiant with the light of universal lib-
erty. He who would find there pretext or ex-
cuse for bondage, must turn his back upon that
light, and grope his way among the shadows of
distorted and doubtful construction.
Why, sir, what were the statesmen of the last
century about, when they affixed their signatures
to the instrument, that severed the political ties
which had bound the colonies to Great Britain >
What were they doing when they framed this Con-
stitution, about which wc dispute so much ? u Our
