1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
738
institutions," answers Reverdy Johnson, in his
pamphlet, " are redolent of freedom. Porfreedom
our ancestors contended during seven years of
trial. It v.-as her teachings that inspired and sup-
ported them during their fearful struggle." Free-
dom, I ask, then—for whom, or for what? For
the owners of capital, or the possessors of the
soil, alone? Not at all, sir; not at all. The free-
dom whose teachings inspired and supported our
ancestors, was the freedom of mail, of all races,
in all ranks, and of every lineage. It is the dis-
tinguish ing characteristic of our revolutionary war,
th-it it was fought upon this principle. Universal
equality in .political rights, and the indefeasible
title of all men to social and civil liberty, were the
foundations of the great argument by which it was
justified. Other nations, in other tirnes, had con-
tended for the rights of kings and princes. The
wars which history recounts, had been the strug-
gles of Governments for conquest or defense. ' fn
their beginning and in their ending, little thought
had been taken for the masses who bore their bur-
dens; the causes of both lay hidden in the caprice
of monarehs, the pride of aristocracies, the ava-
rice of capitalists, or the exigencies of commerce.
With our fathers the case was very different.
From whatever causes of unjustifiable taxation
the collision may originally have occurred, ill the
solemn document which they put forth as their
justification for taking up arms, they based every-
thing upon the riglit of man, by virtue of his
humanity, to political equality and civil liberty.
It has been said that the language used had no
reference to any other than the white race; I can
bring you, sir, hundreds of expressions in the
writings of the revolutionary fathers and of the
framers of the Constitution, wlierein slavery is
spoken of as antagonistic to the principles of the
Declaration; every one of which expressions is
utterly meaningless, Unless those principles were
intended to be as universal in their application as
the race of man. The doctrine of the Declaration
iias been called a " glittering generality;" but two
ol' those to whose hands was committed the draft-
ing of that instrument were Benjamin Franklin
and Roger Sherman; and neither tile shrewd sense
of the Boston printer, or the sterling judgment of
the Connecticut shoemaker, was likely to be be-
trayed into the adoption of rhetorical formulas.
In all nations, and mall ages, the masses of man-
kind have been, as they ever must be, composed
of those who live by the labor of their hands;
the theory of kingly and aristocratic rule has i
been, and of American Democracy now is, that :
for those masses servitude is the normal, fitting, 1
and safe condition; the theory of the statesmen •
of 177G and of the Republicans of 18G0 is, that for j
those masses liberty is right, and safest, and best, j
1 appreciate the difficulties which surround the
practical application of the latter theory in a so-
ciety where slavery has existed for centuries, and
become interwoven with the social relations and
the interest of capital; and I rejoice that no polit-
ical duty demands of me a solution of those diffi-
culties; but that such practical application ought
to be made, whenever and wherever a new com- '
munity is being established, I cannot doubt; and !
both history and the language of the Constitution,
as already cited, prove conclusively, that such '
also was the opinion of the founders of this Gov- ;i
eminent. In the affairs of States and nations, as :j
in those of individuals, no violation of the prill- ;|
ciples of moral rectitude can ever be practically ji
expedient. Evil, however fair it may seem, and i
to whatever extent it may be disguised by specious j
names, will in the end work out only evil. And ]
such, if I may believe the concurrent testimony j
of many of the purest patriots, the mpst upright \
statesmen, and the most judicious citizens of that i
portion of the Confederacy in which the institu-
tion exists, has been its practical result theie. As
I before remarked, I will not weary the House
with stale quotations; but if I can place any re-
liance upon the evidence of such men as Jefferson,
Madison, and George Mason, or, at a later period,
of McDowell, Faulkner, and T. J. Marshall, all j
capable eye-witnesses of the effects which they ;
portray, and all loyal and upright southern gen- ,
tlemen, slavery is the fruitful parent of ignorance, I
poverty, and vice; destructive of those essential |
elements of all true popular liberty, freedom of
speech, of the press, and of political action, and \
especially injurious to the comfort and happiness |
of the laboring classes of freemen.
It is no reply to these statements, to say that
the opinions of the last century were formed while
the slave trade was in full operation; thatr infa-
mous traffic had long ceased at the time of th'e
memorable debate in the Virginia House of Dele-
gates in 1832, but the language of the statesmen
of that Commonwealth was as decided, at the
later period, as that of their fathers had been.
The able and truthful men, whom I have named,
spoke of facts, as they existed under their own
observation in 1787 and 1832. If they told the
truth, those facts remain as the basis of legitimate
argument, however much a new generation may
have departed from the speculative faith of their
fathers.
To these considerations of expediency should
be added another, which operates very power-
fully upon my political conduct. While I have
no particular apprehension for the safety of the,
Union, I am yet fully sensible of the manifold
advantages winch we derive from its existence.
Every measure, which has even a remote tend-
ency to weaken the ties which bind the Confed-
eracy together, should be sternly opposed; and I
know of no measure, whose tendencies in that
direction are more obvious to a reflecting mind,
than the schemes now so prevalent for the exten-
sion of slavery. Upon this topic, permit me to
quote the opinions of Governor McDowell, of
Virginia, a statesman' whose high intellectual at-
tainments were only equaled by the generous
qualities of his heart. He says:
" The existence of slavery creates a political interest in
this Union, which is, of all others, the most positive ; an
interest, winch, in relation to those who do not possess it,
is advcisary and exclusive; one which marks the manners
of our countiy by a correspondent distinction, and is sow-
ing broadcast amongst us, both in our official and private
intercourse, the seeds of unkinihiess and suspicion. On
this inteic^t geographical paities have been formed ; onus
maintenance or icstiietion the bitterest struggles have been
waged; and, asit rnntaini an ingredient of jtoliticalpouer in
our Federal councils, it will al\\ ays he the subject of strug-
gle." ; ' ' "tsiaveholdingandnon-slaveholdmg
inurt necessarily constitute the eharaeteiistie feature of oui
eountiy—must necessarily form the bioad and indivisible
mteiest upon which parties will combine, ami winch will
and does coinpiehend m tile jealousies which now sunound
it, the smothered and powerlui, hut, 11 r 11 -r. noi the ii resisti-
ble causes of futui e dismemberment. To all of itsother evils,
then, slavery superadds the still further one of being a cause
of national dissension, of being a Jpxed and repulsive element
between the different members of our Republic—itself impell-
ing with stiong tendency, and. aggravating all smaller tend-
encies to political distrust, alienation, and hostility.'*
The Virginia statesman fiom whose lips these
words of almost prophetic wisdom fell in 1832,
had the discernment to perceive, and the manli-
ness to declare, that if disunion was to be appre-
hended at all, the causes of apprehension were to
bo found, not in opposition to slavery, but m sla-
very itself. To give those causes greater force and
permanence by expanding1 and strengthening this
disorganizing system, is to act the part of the
madman who applies the torch to his own habi-
tation.
A very able gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Lamar,] to whom I always listen with pleasure,
however much I may dissent from his opinions,
in the course of an interlocutory discussion some
weeks since, asserted that those who are striving
for the expansion of slavery are " seeking colo-
nization and empire in a manner not inconsistent
with the rights or interests of a single freeman
north of Mason and Dixon's line," and asked,
with great earnestness of manner, what there was
in that for us to complain of. To which I answer:
your proposition, from your stand point, may >
seem conclusive; from mine, it is utterly falla- !
cious. Grant that we both seek expansion and J
colonization; we do it under a common Govern- j
ment and a common flag, and are both responsi- j
hie for the character and effects of the expansion
of each. We seek to carry with us no system of
social or political economy which either you or
we believe to be hateful to God or unjust to man;
you desire to spread abroad a system which we
believe to be both,and to do so under the piotec-
tion of a Government for which we are respons-
ible as well as you. We are both acting, not for
the present only, but for the immediate and the
distant future. Our children, as well as yours,
are to remember, with unavailing shame and sor-
row, that their fathers entailed upon them an in-
stitution whose evil tendencies I have already
portrayed. When the descendants of the slaves
whom you shall export to Chihuahua or Tamau- j
lipas, shall feel within them those aspirations for I
liberty which, sooner or later, will kindle in every
human heart, it must be our arms as well as yours
that shall quench those aspirations in darkness
and blood. Upon us, as well as upon you, will
devolve the duty of betraying the fugitive from
Sonora or Colorado. You tell us exultingly that
the negro has twenty Representatives upon this
floor; it is our concern, as well as yours, when
you demand the admission of a half score more
to represent the degraded bondmen of Cuba.
Having now attempted to show that the Demo-
cratic party, as an organization, is committed to the
principle that slavery is in accordance with natural
right, and is so expressly recognizcd and guaran-
tied, to use the phrase of tiie day, by the Consti-
tution of the United States that there is thereby
superadded to the obligations of natural right, the
authority of positive law for rts expansion every-
where la the Federal territories; that, in addition
to the sanctions of natural right and positive law,
a true expediency justifies such expansion; and
having further attempted to show that all these
doctrines are unsound in theory, wrong in morals,
and vicious in tendency, I am nextlecHo consider
the position of that portion of the Democratic
organization which stands without the pale of
full party communion upon these topics. I sup-
pose that I may, with propriety, look to the opin-
ions most recently avowed by Mr. Douglas, for
the principles which arc embraced by this class
of politicians; and, if I truly understand those
opinions, they are, to my mind, more detestable
in morals, and worse in logic, than the doctrines
which I have already considered. I have said that
the starting-point of divergence between the great
parties, is found in the question, {( Is it right or
wrong to establish slavery?" The Democrat in
full communion asserts the former, and reasons
properly enough upon his theory of morality; 1
aver the latter, and endeavor to reason in like
manner. But to Mr. Douglas, right and wrong,
in this affair, are matters of profound indifference,
lie ignores morality altogether. His confession of
faith is a political atheism. He evades the question
ofexped3ency in like manner. Is slavery the bless-
ing that its friends claim it to be, or a curse, as its
enemies assert? How is it to affect the prosperity
of the future States of the Confederacy, the hap-
piness of the coming generations of the people?
To such inquiries Ijc returns no*answer; in fact,
lie asserts that he does not care how they are an-
swered. For aught that lie knows or cares, sla-
very is just as good as freedom, freedom just as
bad as slavery; each no better and no worse than
the other. A position more vicious in morals or
more utterly devoid of the first elements of states-
manship, 1. have never encountered in political
study. It is an attempt to arbitrate between con-
flicting principles, by renouncingjall principle. It
strives to adjust permanent antagonisms by the
shallowest of temporary expedients. It is ex-
actlyadapted to the wants of swindlingpohticians
and lying demagogues. It proceeds from a source
where selfish ambition, untiring energy, shuffling
inconsistency, and brazen assurance, are the chief
qualities which excite the public attention. It is
now seeking to evade responsibility, by shifting
to the judicial the proper duties of the legislative
department. Faithless to everything except per-
sonal ambition, it has taught all parties and all
sections that it cannot be trusted beyond the con-
tracted circle of its own selfish interests. It is
destined to be crushed out, as it ought to bo
crushed out, in the struggle which is going on
between parties thoroughly in earnest, and each
animated by convictions of right and duty.
Tn conclusion, I will indicate the measures which
seem to me proper, in order to prevent the further
extension of slavery. My own principles, as
already set forth, clearly forbid all Federal inter-
ference with the institution in the States where
it exists. Abolitionists, propeily so called, de-
nounce the Constitution, because it does not give
to the General Government the power of inter-
vention; and denounce us because, notwithstand-
ing that fact, we love and stand by the Constitu-
tion . Duty and responsibility are correlative terms„
No political responsibility for the existence of
slavery in the States reaches me; and I have, there-
fore, no political duty to discharge, in relation to
its extinction there. And, beyond this, as a cit-
izen of the Republic, I am bound, in my judg-
ment, to respect the local as well as the Federal
rights of all its other citizens, To interfere by
