1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mm
less a gentleman rises from his seatand addresses
the Chair.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, (rising.)
Well, Mr. Speaker, I can rise with very little
trouble; and I now object.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan, I have a propo-
sition to make, by way of compromise.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask the Chair whether
the gentleman is in order ?
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Oh, if the gen-
tleman rises to a question of order, I will not
make my proposition.
Mr. BR1GGS. As the House is in an exceed-
ingly good humor, I propose to renew my prop-
osition which I made the other day, that, by gen-
eral consent, the bill which was rejected under the
peculiar circumstances which gentlemen will all
remember, be allowed again to take its place on
the Calendar. I refer to the bill for the relief of
Livingston, Kincaid & Co. It is a very merito-
rious case, and I ask that the House will consent
that it may resume its place on the Calendar.
Mr. GARTRELL. If there was a quorum
present, I would not object; but there being no
quorum, I must object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope that the rules will be
enforced. It is bad enough to stay here, without
having the atmosphere contaminated with tobacco
smoke. •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man from Illinois insist on the enforcement of the
rule ?
Mr. TRAIN. I think we can compromise by
the gentleman from Illinois repeating the speech
which he made recently, and which caused such
a flutter in the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. As we are waiting for the
absentees, and there is nothing to engage the at-
tention of members, I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the gentleman from New York will be
allowed to go on and finish his speech.
Mr. CRAlGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. LOGAN. Is it in order for gentlemen to
sleep on the benches in the body of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is nothing
in the rules on the subject.
Mr. LOGi^#T. Then let members snore away
ill delicious forgetfulness. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. Is there anythingii^he rules
which will prevent a member* singinf^i song?
[Laughter.] If there is not, I move that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina be called on for a
song.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
amend, so that the gentleman from Minnesota
will be permitted to play the buffoon so long as
he may desire. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALDRICH. I hear no objection to the
gentleman's singing a song. [Cries of " Order!"
" Order!"]
Mr. CURTIS. I hope that gentlemen will not
indulge in these things, which will go upon the
record to the prejudice of the House. These
tilings may be very amusing to us now, but they
"will have a very different effect in the history of
this House which will go down to posterity.
These colloquies will make some of us appear very
frivolous. I trust that the reporters, by order of
the House, will suppress the last motions that
have been made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will only
make the matter worse, for it will put those mo-
tions upon the Journal.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I withdraw my motion.
Is the Sergeant-at-Arms out in execution of his
duty?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He is.
Mr. NELSON. It is now one o'clock in the
morning, and as I think we have carried this farce
far enough, 1 move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. HICKMAN On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nayis were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 42; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. ISnggs, Buffinton, Carey, Colfax, Burton
Criigp. Orawfoid, Florence, Gartrel], Gilmer, Hardeman,
John T. Harris,VV lUiam A. Howard, Humphrey, Landrum,
Ij'Jgan, Cliailos II. Martin, Nebon, i'endleton,
Push, William N. II. Smith, Stnllwoitli, James A. Stew-
art, rttokes, Thomas, and Vallamli^haui—-~-
NAYS—Messrs. Cliailes F. Adams, Miliic-l), William
O. Aiideibon, Ashley, Gingham, Blake, Bouijffiiv, iiiayton,
Burnliam, Butteriield, Case, Curtis. J3ty, E'lank, tlooch,
Helmick, Hickman, Hughes, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
Kenyon, Lovejoy, McKean, MM\vard,Moorfcead. Morrill!
Nixon, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Christopher ICobin&on,
Hpaulding, Spinner, Slratton, Tompkins, Train, Uuder-
wood, Van Wyck, Verree, Wells, Wmdom, and Wood—
42.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. FRANK moved to dispense with the read-
ing of the names.
It was objected to.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar of
the House, having m custody Ezra B. French,
under the order of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. French,
you have absented yourself from the House with-
out its leave. Wlurt excuse have you to offer?
Mr. FRENCH. I am somewhat advanced in
life. Yesterday morning I came to this House
at nine o'clock, and remained until half past ten
o'clock last evening. I went through one of the
astonishing exhibitions of patriotism and noble
legislative wisdom, known as a call ofthe House.
I did not anticipate that two exhibitions of the
same kind could occur within a period of twenty-
four hours. Believing that everything was safe,
and seeing my friend fiom New York fairly started
in his speech, I went home and retired to bed.
I was very comfortably asleep, sir, when I was
awakened by the messenger of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. I beg pardon of the House for not believ-
ing that it was capable of the patriotism it has
shown in sitting up all njght for the purpose of a
roll-call. But, at the same time, I must thank it
for having sent a carriage for me.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Is this the gentleman's first
or second offense ?
Mr. FRENCH. The fnst, for I was here at
the first call.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
be excused on paying the costs.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. For- the gentle-
man's lecture, and his reflection on the House, 1
move that he be filled five dollars.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman has stated
that he is a man of age. 1 would like to know
how old he is? As that is a part of his excuse,
let us have exact information, so that we may
vote intelligently.
Mr. FRENCH. I am over a quarter of a cen-
tury.
Air. HUGHES. Then I hope the gentleman
will be excused.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Did not the gentleman
take leave when he left?
Mr. FRENCH. Certainly; French leave.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then he cannot have
been absent without leave. 1 move, therefore,
that he be excused.
Mr. BOULIGNY. As he went away without
the leave of the House, I move that he be fined
double.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, withdrew his mo-
tion.
Mr. BOULTGNY. I will adhere to my first
motion, that the gentleman be excused on the pay-
ment of costs, in consideration of the trouble lie
was at to get here.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. The vote
just taken shows butsixty-nine members present.
It will take a large number of members yet be-
fore we have a quorum. We know that mem-
bers who have retired for the night will fasten
themselves in their looms, so that the Sergeant-
at-Arms cannot get at them. Wo have not, I
think, any reasonable hope of getting many more
members present. Are we doing ourselves justice
by remaining here ? In view of the difficulty and
embarrassment in which we are now placed, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that the House will
do no such thing.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is a period in the
early morning when we can get at the absentees,
and have them brought here. I hope the call will
be persevered m until wo can have them brought
in.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HUMPHREY. I suggest that we had
better take a recess for an hour or so.
Mr. MORRILL. Has the Sergeant-at-Arms
any power to compel the attendance of absent
members, or is he only to summon them to appear?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rules pro-
vide that the Sergeant-at-Arms shall take the
absentees into custody.
Mr. HICKMAN. What reason is there to use
the word warrant unless the absentees can be
arrested ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. We have obtained
but one member in the course of afi hour and a
half. I hope the House will adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. MILL WARD. I move thatthe gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKean] proceed with
his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. It is now twenty minutes
past one o'clock in the morning,and 1 would like
to know whether this is to-day or yesterday?
[Laughter.] If it be to-day, then I move that we
proceed to the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Parliamentary
Wednesday will continue until eleven o'clock
to-day.
Mr. HUGHES. It is not Thursday, then?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say that"
some gentlemen have intimated that they thought
the proceedings which we are now engaged in
are a farce. I do not think so; and I am in favor
of executing the call of the House to its fullest
extent.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I did notsay it was a farce;
but I said that it looked like a farce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I said it had been inti-
mated that it was a farce; and it has been doubted
by some members of the House whether we are
punishing anybody but ourselves by sitting here.
It is said, too, that the Sergeant-at-Arms cannot
execute the warrant of the House. I desire to
know why he cannot execute the warrant issued
by the Speaker of this House? Is not every mes-
senger and doorkeeper of the House at his com-
mand ?
Mr. GAHTRELL. I will tell the gentleman
why. It js nosv half past one o'clock, and the
presumption is not only that every absent mem-
ber is at home, but in his house loeked up; and
the Sergcant-at-Armsof the House has no author-
ity or power to breakdown doors to arrest mem-
bers and bring,"them here. For that reason it is
palpable that we cannot execute the order of the
House, and by sitting here we only punish our-
selves, while other gentlemen arc enjoying them-
selves in the arms of Morpheus.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was just coming to
that point. My colleague suggests that members
are at home locked within their doors, and that
they cannot be found. I was exactly in that con-
dition when I was sent for by a messenger of this
House. I got up and came; and why will not
other members do the same thing?
Mr. BOULIGNY. He says that one member
was in bed, and got up; and I would like to know
why other members cannot be got up also?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want this thing under-
stood; for I give fair notice, if I can lock myself
up, so that the officers of the House cannot get in,
that you can never catch me again, early or late,
after I leave this Hall. But I do not understand
that a member of Congress has a right to avoid
the service of the process of this House. I be-
lieved it was*my duty to submit myself to the
process of this House; and I think that is the view
every member of Congress ought to take of this,
matter. At any rate, we ought to make the ex-
periment; and if the precedent is to be set that we
may lock ourselves in our rooms, and avoid the
Sergeant-at-Arms, and that no order of this House
can be enforced to bring members here, I would
like to know it.
I say we ought now to decide whether or not
we will sit here longer and punish ourselves, or
whether we will adjourn. If we determine to re-
main here, let us execute this call earnestly and
efficiently. For one, I am willing to execute the
call. But my friend Buffinton, over the way, is
very much exhausted; though, so far as I am
concerned, I have no choice. I doubt, however,
whether one half of the House is not now anxious
to adjourn, and I sympathize with gentlemen who
have been here all day, as my friend over there
has, and for his sake 1 was about to move to
adjourn.
