1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. GWIN. I want to offer an amendment to
this bill.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
Mr. GWIN. I am very well aware of the fact
that the committee who have had this bill in charge
have endeavored to report it in such form that
they can get it passed with as few amendments as
possible through this body; but, sir, there is an
amendment which I before submitted, of such con-
sequence to the citizens of my State that I intend
to offer it to this bill at this time. There are one
hundred thousand American citizens in the State
of California engage<fin mining. They are mining
on the public lands, and have been from the time
that they became citizens of that State. The title
of those lands is in the United States. It is one
of the most difficultquestions than canbe broached:
what is to be the. ultimate disposition of that title ?
But, in the mean time, I desire that the posses-
sion of the actual settlers in those mines for min-
ing purposes shall be considered as legal; that
they shall be deemed legally entitled to be there
under the usages and regulations of the mining
laws of "the State of California, and also of Ore-
gon.
If the Senator from Oregon does not like his
State to be included, of course h<5 will have it ex-
cluded. The proposition that I make is of a chat:-
acter that it seems to me can meet with no oppo-
sition from any quarter. It merely legalizes the
occupation of the mines. We have a precedent,
in that State, of the eminent benefits that resulted
from precisely similar legislation. In 1853 we
passed a law extending the preemption privilege
to the public lands in California, which excluded
the mineral lands entirely from its operation.'
There was no legislation at all in regard to mineral
lands, except in one respect; and that was to le-
galize the occupation and cultivation of town lots
in the mineral region. I will read that section,
and then I will show what beneficial effect it has
had on the State. It is the eighth section of "An
act to provide for the survey of the public lands
in California, the granting of preemption rights
therein, and for other purposes."
" Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the public* land-3,
not being mineral lands, occupied as towns or villages,
shall not be subdivided, or subject to sale, or to be appro-
priated by settlers, under the provisions of this act; but the
whole of such land3, whether settled upon before or after
the survey ot the same, shall be subject io the piovisions
of the act entitle#'An act for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon the lands of the United States, under ecuain
circumstances,' approved May 23, 1844, cxcept Mich
towns as are located on or near mineral lands, the inhabit-
ants of which shall have the light of occupation and culti-
vation only until such time as Congress shall dispose of the
s,une ; nor shall any lands specially i curved for public uses
he appropuated under the piovi&ums of tins act."—Statutes
ot Large, vol. 10, p 217.
Under that clause of the law, all the collisions
between the miners of California and the occu-
pants of the villages have ceased. They are iuw
m peaceful possession of their homes, their houses,
and their gardens. Before that, there were fierce
collisions. If a rich vein was discovered in one
of the villages they would work under the houses,
and there would be violent collisions, and lives
were frequently lost in those collisions. This has
quieted the whole of that. Now, the amendment
which I propose to this bill is intended to legalize
the occupation and the working of the mines in
California, without touching the title, just as we
legalized the occupation of town lots under that
act passed six years ago. I do not think that
there is a human beingAvho can objcctto it. They
have been in the possession of these mines for
the last ten years. They have established their
mining laws and regulations, which have been
adopted by the courts of the State, and it is sim-
ply to divest them of the appcarance of being in-
truders upon the lands of the United States, under
existing laws, that I wish this amendment added
to the bill. I will read it:
Sec. —. And be'ibfurther cnactcd, That it shall be law-
ful for any citizen of the United States, or for any person
who may have declared his intention to bceome a citizen
of the United States, who r>hali be an actual settler, to enter
upon and remain on any public land of the United States
containing minerals not reserved for national purposes, 1
■within the States of California and Oregon, and to work j
tiie mines on said lands for their own u->e and benefit, ac- |
cording to the laws and usages ot said States, respectively; ,
and no person who has heretofore woiked *aid mines shall '
bo regarded a* a tiespassor against the United State-*: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall m any way af-
lect or impair the existing rights ot any individual who
may claim lands under any foreign grant or title.
It is merely legalizing the occupation of the
mines, as they have been occupied for ten years.
It does not touch the title at all. It is carrying
out the provisions of the law of 1853, legalizing
the occupation of town lots which is operating so
beneficially. I do not see how any person can
object to this. The title remains where it was;
the occupants are just as they now 
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire whether those who are now mining on the
public lands are disturbed by anybody in any
way ?
Mr. GWIN. They are intruders, according to
the existing laws. I want to legalize their pos-
session. They are in thepossession of the lands
and they may be disturbed. I want it to be legal-
ized so far as Congress is concerned.
Mr. MASON. The Senator does not answer
my question. I ask if anybody is intruding on
the intruders ?
Mr. GWIN. There are no collisions of that
sort that I know of at this time; but they may
arise. Cases of that kind may arise.
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Senator, would
it not be better to allow things that are at rest to
remain at rest? There is a great Roman maxim
on that subject. Things that are at rest should
be allowed to remain at vest.
Mr. GWIN. This does not disturb the quiet-
ude that docs exist there, if it does exist. It only
legalizes those who are actually working mines,
in their possession. I will state in addition, an-
other reason why I offer this amendment. There
is a largo population in those mines who are not
citizens of the United States, and who cannot be-
come citizens of the United States; who are like
the grasshoppers or locusts—the Chinese—that I
wish to deprive of the privilege of working those
mines, as they heretofore have done, being slaves
to Chinese masters, and going to these mines and
destroying, in a great degree, their productiveness
for the future. I want them to be occupied only
by citizens and those who signify their intention
to become citizcns, and can become citizens of the
United States. There are now fifty or sixty thou-
sand of those Chinese in the mines, and I want
the possession of the mines to be legalized to cit-
izens of the United States and those who signify
their intention to bccomc such; and then those Chi-
nese slaves—for they are no better than that—can
be usefully employed in the State m agricultural
purposes. As no public interest is to be jeop-
ardized, as no title of the United States is to be
disturbed, and as the present state of affairs is
merely to be legalized, I cannot sec any reason
for rejecting the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. Perhaps it will be agreeable to
the gentleman who has charge of this bill to allow
it to be laid aside, in order that a message of the
President, which is nowon the table, may be read
and disposed of, as the hour for adjournment is
approaching.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, I will not ob-
ject to its befng laid aside for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hale in
the chair.) The question is on laying the bill
aside temporarily for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
Mr. YULEE. I ask that the message be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two
or three bills from the House of Representatives,
which had better be read, and referred.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the Iioqse of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low :
A bill (No. 363) to provide payment for depre-
dations committed by the whites upon the Shaw-
nee Indians m Kansas Territory—to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. C61) to furnish additional mail fa-
cilities—to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A bill (No. 660) supplemental to an act entitled
" An act providing for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States,
and to fix the number of the members of the
House of Representatives, and provide for the fu-
ture apportionment among the the several States,"
approved May 23,1850—-to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A joint resolution (No. 36) making an appro-
priation for the payment of expenses of investi-
gating committees of House of Representatives—
to the Committee on Finance.
VALENTINE WEIIRIIEIM.
The bill (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim was returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives, with an amendment to strike out the
word " sixteen and insert " twenty-five;" so
that the bill will read:
¥hat the Secretary of the Interior be, and lie is hereby,
directed to place the name of Valentine Wehrheim on the
roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay him at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, &c.
.Mr. PUGH. I move that that amendment be
referred to the Committee on Pensions. It seems
to be a great enlargement of a pension.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment will
be concurred in. We have had that matter up
once in the Senate. The case is a very peculiar
one. The Senate passed the bill in this form, i
will state to the Senator from Ohio—I do not know
whether he was present; if he was, he would rec-
ollect all about it—the individual was wounded in
the Mexican war. In consequence of the wound,
he has become entirely blind and deaf. He is here.
A boy leads him about the street. His hearing
is such that by the aid of a speaking trumpet you
can carry on a conversation with him. He has
exhausted his entire means—several thousand dol-
lars—in endeavoring to get relief. The case is a
very strong one, and so strong that the Committee
here recommended twenty-four dollars a month;
but there was 'some controversy about it, and it
was put at sixteen by the Senate. It went to the
House, and the House put it at twenty-five. I
am sure if the Senator properly understood the
case he would not insist on the reference. It is a
case where the man should have some support for
himself and his children. He has four children,
and no means of support. I think the committee
unitedly agree that the amendment ought to be
concurred in.
Mr. PUGH. I withdraw the motion to refer.
Mr. POLK. The proposition of the Senator
from Illinois is to act on the amendment now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, to agree to it at
once.
Mr. POLK. I hope it will be done. The case
has been discussed, and it is a case of merit.
Mr. THOMSON. The full pension to which
this man is entitled, and to which all others
wounded as badly as he was are entitled, is eight
dollars a month. In consideraton of the wound
which he received through his liver, which affected
his sight and his hearing, a majority of the Com-
mittee on Pensions of the Senate agreed to report
a bill for his relief, giving him sixteen dollars a
month, which was double as much as he was en-
titled to under the general laws which had been
enacted by the Congress of the United States, and
under which a great many persons wounded as
badly as this man are now holding. Nowitcomes
back to us with an amendment, giving to this per-
son twenty-five dollars a month as a pension,
when the full amount of his pension, under the
general pension laws, would only be eight dollars
a month. 1 do hope the Senate will not concur
in this amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] is not in his scat. He made some
statement in relation to this bill, and among other
facts, if I recollect aright, what struck me with
peculiar force, that this man was a common sol-
dier, and it is now proposed to put him upon the
same footing as the widow of a lieutenant-colonel
in the Army. I think he stated that. It appears
to mo that it would not be proper to dispose of
this bill in the absence of that Senator, and that
it ought to take the ordinary course of reference
to the committee with whom the bill originated;
and therefore I move that the amendment be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will be done. 1
know the Senate is very likely to pass this sort
of a pension, any gratuity, or anything of that
kind which comes before them. We have lost
all power over the public Treasury, and I only
insist now that it ought to go to the committee,
to have it done with order and decency. The
Senate will pass it when it comes here; the prof-
ligacy has got so in reference to these pension
gratuities, that no man can control them. I have
fought them and resisted them, to no avail; and I
