1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
man from Maryland, [Mr. Hughes.] This House
has no power to compel the attendance of its
members, unless it has the right to pursue them
wherever they may be, to take them, and bring
them here. And I go still further. If it shall be
determined that this House has no such power,
we shall never be able to get the attendance of a
quorum here; because, if members do not desire
to come, they will lock themselves in their rooms
and refuse to obey the order of the House. I
hold that we have the power to continue this pro-
ceeding so long as we may see proper; and that,
if a recess be taken by unanimous consent, these
members may be* brought here when we again
meet, and that the House will still be under a call,
and the proceedings in no way vitiated. My
proposition is, that the House now, by unan-
imous consent, take a recess until nine o'clock,
and that these absent members be produced here
at tha4 time.
Mr. CURTIS. I hardly see the necessity of
continuing this debate any longer. The Chair has
decided distinctly that a recess cannot be taken
by unanimous consent, and the call continued. If
there be no appeal from the decision of the Chair,
1 shall object to any further discussion of the
subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides, certainly, thatif the House,by unanimous
consent, takes a recess all proceedings under the
call will fall.
Mr. CURTIS. I raise the question of order,
then, that no debate is in order upon that propo-
sition."
Mr. GOOCH. There has been nothing thus
far upon which the gentleman could found his
question of order. I had the floor by unanimous
consent, as other gentlemen have had. I made no
motion. There wasno motion before the House. I
proposed to make a motion, andasked theSpeaker
what would be the effect of it, but there was noth-
ing upon which the gentleman could found his
question of order, for I was speaking by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, I object to the propo-
sition. The proposition itself is out of order.
Mr. GOOCH It will be time enough for the
gentleman to object when I have made the prop-
osition. I have made none thus far; but I now
move that the House take a recess until nine
o'clock.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose my question of order
will apply now. I submit that the gentleman's
motion is out of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order.
Mr. GOOCH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I want to say
a word upon that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table—ayes forty-one, noes none.
Mr. BRIGGS(ten minutes before two o'clock,
a. m.) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to—only nineteen
voting therefor.
Mr. MAYNARD I propose to make a motion;
and I assure gentlemen that I do it in perfect good
faith. I suggest, without expressing any opin-
ion as to the extent of the poweis and duties of
the Sergeant-at-Arms,thatit will be utterly imprac-
ticable to execute the order during the night, The
Scigeant-at-Arms sends out his deputies. How
do they know where to go? They cannot break
into every private house in the city to seaicli. If
they do, the Sergeant-at-Arms may have to an-
swer a dozen suits for trespass in the morning.
But suppose that he had the power, and that he
knew where every one of the absentees lived, and
is now to be found, we know that many of them
arc lying asleep with their wives and childicn,
and should we send to drag them from their beds?
It would be a violation of the proprieties of life,
which no one will regret, I am sure, more than
the gentleman before me.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. HICKMAN. Does he dispute the power
for which I contend? Is not the power to arrest
lodged in the Sergeant-at-Arms, just as I contend
that it is? That he has authority, under the war-
rants issued by this House, to arrest members ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I confess that 1 am unable
to say what is the extent of power conferred by
the Constitution. Itis a subject I have not inves-
tigated ; and I would not hazard my reputation as
a lawyer by discussing it now, without examina-
tion. The gentleman may be right; but—I speak
frankly—I am not satisfied that we have the power
to send our officer to arrest absent members, with
authority to invade their privacy, simply because
they are absent from the House. I think that we
are doing ourselves injustice by remaining shut
up here until daylight, then to have the members
who have been absent and asleep come in and
laugh at us for our pains. I move that all further
proceedings under the call bo dispensed with.
Mr. BINGHAM. I«move that that motion be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. It seems to me that this is
the most extraordinary proposition that was ever
made. The time has arrived when we ought to
assert the dignity of this House. Are we, the
representatives of the people, to be checked in the
exercise of our rightful power? Are we to be told
that we cannot execute our own warrants because
absent members may be embraced in the arms of
Morpheus? [Laughter.] We sit here, sir, one
of the coordinate branches of this Government.
We have power to declare war. We may order
towns to be battered down. We may do all these
things, and yet we are to be told that we cannot
execute our warrants for the arrest of absent mem-
bers. 1 assert that we have the power, and that
we ought to execute it.
1 would not have said a word but for the re-
marks of my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard.] We are bound to settle this question, and
I think that there cannot boa better time than this.
The issue has been made. We ought at once to
understand whether we have the pcrtver to execute
our own mandates. I hold, sir, that there is no
power more omnipotent than we have to execute
the warrant that we order the Speaker of this
House to issue. Wehaveaconstituencyof neaily
forty million people. It is a grave question. It
is one of great political import. The issue has
been directly made, whether the House of Repre-
sentatives has the power to execute its own war-
rants. I insist that we shall meet the issue promptly
and distinctly. Let us decide whether we have
or have not the power.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no such propo-
sition as my friend suggests pending before the
House. Wo have issued an order for the arrest
of members who are absent, and that they shall
be brought before the House. I submit, too, that
debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland had unanimous consent to make
his lemarks.
Mr. CAREY. What is the question before
the House 5
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. There is none.
Mi- HUGHES. I am speaking by consent of
the House. I have risen, independently of that
consideration, to the consideration of a question
of the highest privilege. We have made an or-
der that the Sergeant-at-Arms shall arrest and
bring to the bar the members who have been dere-
lict—those who are now absent without the leave
of the House. That order was made two hours
ago, and I am m favor of having the Sergeant-at-
Arms called to the bar of the House to inform us
why it has not been executed. I confess that I
am jealous of the dignity of this body. I do not
want to sec its power infringed. I believe that
there oughtnotto be the slightest concession of any
of the power that belongs to us as the representa-
tives of the people. We have ordered the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to ai rest and bung the absentees
to our bar. That power is contested. Itisquesr
tioned whether the House of Representatives hall
the power of executing a common warrant I do
not mean that this House shall adjourn until you
deride whether you have that power or not. I
do not care whether you exercise it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the highest
legal authority m this House—the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary—has declared posi-
tively that the power of this House is supreme to
compel the attendance of members. I submit that
the exposition of law having been made, and. the
.question upon which it was made having ceased
to be before the House, it cannot now be further
discussed. If it can be, I desire to discuss it, and
to take issue with the gentleman upon the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not choose to have an
issue made with me upon the question by a mere
layman.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. The Sergeant-at-Arms has
not yet reported.
Mr. HUGHES. I have the floor still, and I
mean to go on, and to say, simply, that before
to-morrow night, by that most wonderful electric-
al telegraph, which carries information from one
broad land to another in an instant of time, the
people, sir, the people of the United States, will
be called upon to decide as to whether this House
is or is not true to its dignity. The whole people
of this country, from one end of it to another,
will take that question into consideration, and
they will decide upon it. The issue is not whether
you and I shall remain in our seats here; but it is
in reference to the powers of this House of Rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States,
and the exponent of that power—the Judiciary
Committee; and I think that committee have al-
ready settled that question. It is not the question
whether we will or will not disturb members in
their slumbers; but it is thequestion, and itought
to be settled, whether this House has the power,
and whether it chooses to exercisc that power.
Why, sir, every member upon this floor, how-
ever much he may be disposed to exercise self-
abnegation, however little he maybe disposed to
insist upon his individual and personal respecta-
bility, must feci that lie here represents the peo-
ple, the source of our power, the source of sov-
ereignty in this country; and now we are called
upon in this issue to decide whether we can or
cannot exercise that power.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to say a
word in reply to the remark of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to the effect that it is the duty of the Sergeant-at-
Arms to go to the private residences of members,
wheresoever he may think proper, and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
this debate is running out to too great length,
without any question being directly before the
House; and he feels called upon to apply a check
to it. The Chair will put the question to the
House, whether unanimous consent be given that
it shall procccd ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. I suggest to the gentleman that
he had better withdiaw his motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I give notice now, in ad-
vance, that I will object to any further debate
unless it is in order; for I wish to retire for a
few moments, and do not wish to be disturbed.
[Laugh tcr.]
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared at the bar
of the House, and announced that he had in cus-
tody,underthe order of the House,Mr. Howard,
of Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Howard,
of Ohio, you have been absent from the House
without its leave; what excuse have you for your
absence.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think I have been
from the House, but I think the House has been
absentfrom bed. I think the House should have
been inbedlongago; and I would like to know for
what reason I have been brought up here at this
late hour of the night, or rather early hour of the^
morning?
Mr. TRAIN. I call the gentleman to order.
He is? speaking in contempt of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state to the gentleman from Ohio the reasons which
have produced his attendance here. The House,
for good reasons, ordered a call of the House, and
sent the Sergeant-at-Arms to the various resi-
dences of the members,to enforce tiieirattendance,
as the rules declare that no member shall absent
himself from the sittings of the House without
its consent.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. That is what I
