314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
36th Coug....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas. /
Senate.
cey's southern confederacy after a while? Will
heconsent to allow Virginia to come? WillNorth
Carolina be accepted byliim? Will Tennessee
be permitted to come in, now that she has got rid
of nor Free-Soil Senator? Will he allow Kentucky
to join, when such Abolitionists as Clay andCmT-
tenden have ceased to represent her ? I beg the
pardon of the Senator from Kentucky for repeat-
ing his name in this connection. The gallant
Senator from Kentucky an Abolitionist! A Free-
Soiler! A man whose fame is as wide as civili-
zation, whose patriotism, whose loyalty to the
Constitution was never questioned by men of any
party! [Applause in the galleries.] Oh, with
what devotion could I thank God if every man in
America was just such an Abolitionist as Henry
Clay and John J. Crwtenden! [Renewed ap-
plause.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Order!
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to God, that the whole
American people were just such Abolitionists as
Clay and Crittenden. [Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
obliged to say that a repetition of the offense from
the galleries must be followed by an order for the
clearance of the galleries forthwith. The Chair
gives this notice to all persons occupying seats in
the galleries on the assumed authority and direc-
tion of the Senate itself.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ido notsay thatMr. Yancey
and his associates at Charleston mean disunion.
I have no authority for saying any more than ap-
pears in the publication of his matured plan. Sir,
ltwas said with truth that the order of battle issued
at Cerro Gordo by General Scott a day before the
battle, was a complete history of the triumph after
the battle was over, so perfect were his arrange-
ments, so exact was the compliance with his
orders. The programme of Mr. Yancey, pub-
lished two years ago, is a truthful history of the
secession movement at Charleston. 1 have not
the slightest idea that all those who came under
his influence in maturing his measures, concurred
in the ends to winch these measures inevitably
led; but what were Mr. Yancey's measures? lie
proposed to insist upon a platform identical in
every feature with the caucus resolutions which
we are now asked to adopt. The Yancey platform
at Charleston, known as the majority report from
the committee on resolutions, in substance and
spirit and legal effect, was the same as the Senate
caucus resolutions; the same as the resolutions
now under discussion, and upon which the Senate
is called upon to vote.
1 do not, suppose that any gentleman advocating
this platform in the Senate, means or desires dis-
union. 1 acquit cach and every man of such a
purpose; but 1 believe,in my conscience, that such
a platform of principles, insisted upon, will lead
directly and inevitably to a dissolution of the
Union. This platform demands congressional in-
tervention for slavery m the Teiritories in ceitain
events. What are these events? In the event
that the people of a Territory do not want slavery,
and will not provide by law for its introduction
and protection, and that fact shall be ascertained
judicially, then Congress is to pledge itself to pass
laws to force the Territories to have it. Is this
the non-intervention to which the Democratic par-
ty pledged itself at Baltimoreand Cincinnati ? So
long as the people of a Territory want slavery,
and say so in their legislation, the advocates of the
caucus platform are willing to let them have it, and
to act upon the principle that Congress shall not
interfere. They are for non-interference so long
as the people want slavery, so long as they will
provide by lawforitsintroduction and protection;
but the moment the people say they do not want
it, and will not have it, then Congress must inter-
vene and force the institution on an unwilling peo-
ple. On the other hand, the Republican party is
also for non-intervention in certain contingencies.
The Republicans are for non-intervention just so
long as the people of the Territories do not want
slavery, and say so by their laws. So long as the
people of a Territory prohibit slavery, the Abo-
litionists are for non-intervention, and will notm-
terfere at' all; but whenever the people of the Ter-
ritories say by their legislation that they do want
it, and provide by law for its introduction and pro-
tection, then the Republicans are for intervening
and for depriving them of it. Each of you is for
intervention for your own section, and against it
when non-intervention operates for your section.
There is no difference in principle between inter-
vention North and intervention South. Each as-
serts the power and duty of the Federal Govern-
ment to force institutions upon an unwilling people.
Each denies the right of self-government to the
people of the Territory over their internal and do-
mestic concerns. Each appeals to the passions,
prejudices, and ambition of his own section,
against the peace and harmony of the whole coun-
try.
Sir, let this doctrine of intervention North and
intervention South become the rallying point of
two great parties, and you will find that you have
two sectional parties, divided by that line that
separates the free from the slaveholding States.
Whenever this shall become the doctrine of the
two parties, you will find a southern intervention
paity for slavery, and a northern intervention
party against slavery; and then will come the
" irrepressible conflict" of which we have heard
so much. We-have had an illustration of what
kind of intervention you will get whenever you
recognize the right of Congress to intervene on
this subject. The House of Representatives sent
us a bill, the other day, repealing the slave code
which was unanimously adopted by the Legisla-
tuie of New Mexico, and fastening the Wilmot
proviso upon that Territory against the will of
that people. That bill is now pending on your
table, and awaiting the action of this body, side
by side with a resolution of one of the Senators
fVom Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to rcpeal.the pro-
hibition of slavery in Kansas Territory, with a
view to force them to have the institution, whether
they want it or not. 1 tell you that the doctrine
of tiic Democratic party, as proclaimed in 1848
and in 1852 at Baltimore, in 185G at Cincinnati,
and in 1860 at Charleston, is that we must resist,
with all our energies, both these propositions for
intervention. So long as the people of Kansas
do not want slavery, you shall never force it on
thorn by any act of Congress, if I can prevent it.
So long as the people of New Mcxico do want
slavery, you on the other side of the Chamber
shall never depnve them of it, if I can prevent it.
Yon, gentlemen in the Northeast or in the North-
west, do not know what kind of laws and insti-
tutions the people of New Mexico desire as well
as they do themselves. Your people in the Gulf
States, or in those cotton States that are to be
plunged into revolution, do not know what kind
of laws and institutions are adapted to the wants
and interests and happiness of the people of Ne-
braska, so well as the settlers in that Territory
do. Our doctrine—the doctrine of the Democratic
party as proclaimed at Charleston—is non-inter-
ference by the Federal Government with the local
concerns and domestic affairs of the people, either
in the States or in the Territories.
But, we are told that the necessary result of this
doctrine of non-intervention, which gentlemen, by
way of throwing ridicule upon it, call squattersov-
ereignty, is to deprive the South of all participa-
tion in what they call the common Territories of
the United States. That was the ground on which
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] predi-
cated his opposition to the compromise measures
of 1850. He regarded a refusal to repeal the Mex-
ican law as equivalent to the Wilmot proviso; a
refusal to recognize by an act of Congress the
right to carry a slave there as equivalent to the
Wilmot proviso; a refusal to deny to the Terri-
torial Legislature the right to exclude slavery as
equivalent to an exclusion. He believed at that
time that this doctrine did amount to a denial of
southern rights; and he told the people of Missis-
sippi so; but they doubted it. Now, let us see
how far his theory and suppositions have been
verified. 1 infer that he told the people of Mis-
sissippi so, for as he makes it a charge in his bill
of indictment against me, that I am hostile to
southern rights, because I gave those votes.
Now, what has been the result? My views were
incorporated into the compromise measures of
1850, and his were rejected. Has the South been
excluded from all the territory acquired from Mex-
ico > What says the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives now on your table, repealing the slave
code in New Mexico established by the people
themselves ? It is part of the history of the coun-
try that under this doctrine of non-intervention,
this doctrine that you delight to call squatter sov-
ereignty, the people of New Mexico have intro-
duced and protected slavery in the whole of that
Territory. Under this doctrine, they have con-
verted a tract of free territory into slave territory,
more than five times the size of the State of New
York. Under this doctrine, slavery has been ex-
tended from the Rio Grande to the Gulf of Cali-
fornia, and from the line of the Republic of Mex-
ico, not only up to 36° 30', butup to 38°—giving
you a degree and a half more slavery territory
than you ever claimed. In 1848 and 1849 and 1850
you only asked to have the line of 36o 30'. The
Nashville convention fixed that as its ultimatum.
I offered it in the Senate in August, 1848, and it
was adopted here but rejected in the House of
Representatives. You asked only up to 36° 30%
and non-intervention has given you slave terri-
tory up to 380, a degree and a half more than you
asked; and yet you say that that is a sacrifice of
southern rights!
These are the fruits of this principle, which the
Senator from Mississippi regards as hostile to the
rights of the South. Where did you ever get any
other fruits that were more palatable to your taste,
or more refreshing to your strength ? What other
inch of free territory has been converted into
slave territory on the American continent, since
the Revolution, except in New Mexico and Ari-
zona, under the principle of "non-intervention af-
firmed at Charleston ? If it be true that this prin-
ciple of non-intervention has conferred upon you
all that immense Territory; hasprotectcd slavery
in that comparatively northern and cold region
where you did not expect it to go, cannot you
trust the same principle further South when you
come to acquire additional territory from Mex-
ico ? If it be true that this principle of non-inter-
vention has given to slavery all New Mexico
which was surrounded on nearly every side by
free Territory, will not the same principle protect
you in the northern States of Mexico when they
are acquired, since they are now surrounded by
slave territory; are several hundred miles furtlier
South; have many degrees of greater heat; and
have a climate and soil adapted to southern prod-
ucts ? Are you not satisfied with these practical
results? Do you desire to appeal from thepuople
of the Territories to the Congress of the United
States to settle this question in the Territories ?
When you distrust the people and appeal to Con-
gress, with both Houses largely against you on
this question, what sort of protection will you
get? Whenever you ask a slave code from Con-
gress to protect your institutions in a Territory
where the people do not want it, you will get
that sort of protection which the wolf gives to the
lamb; you will get that so it of friendly hug that
the grizzly bear gives to the infant. Appealing to
an anti-slavery Congress to pass laws of protec-
tion, with a view of forcing slavery on an un-
willing and hostile people ! Sir, of all the fatal
schemes that ever could be devised by the South
or by the enemies of theSouth,that which recog-
nizes the right of Congress to touch the institu-
tion of slavery either m States or Territories, be-
yond the single case provided in the Constitution
for the rendition of fugitive slaves, is the most
fatal.
Mr. President, this morning, before I started
for the Senate Chamber, 1 received a newspaper
containing a letter written by one of Georgia's
gifted sons upon this question of non-interven-
tion. I allude to one of the brightest intellects
that this nation has ever produced; one of the
most useful public men; one whose retirement
from among us created universal regret through-
out the whole country. You will recognize at
once that I mean Alexander H. Stephens, of Geor-
gia. Since the adjournment of the Charleston
convention, Mr. Stephens has responded to a let-
ter from his friends, giving his counsel—the coun-
sel of a patriot—to the party and the country in
this emergency. In the letter he reviews the doc-
trine of non-intervention, ar.d shows that he was
originally opposed to it, but submitted to it be-
cause the South demanded it; that it had a south-
ern origin; is a southern doctrine; was dictated to
the North by the South; and he accepted it be-
cause the South required it. He shows Uiat the
