17 5Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
less than the actual value of the service, but whether
the computation of the value of the service made
by the report of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be right. If $28 GO a trip be just
and right and proper, then he should be paid it,
I do not care if he offered to take twenty cents a
trip.
The facts of the ease are, that this man carried
a local mail by contract with the Post Office De-
partment; not for his own benefit, but for the
benefit of the citizens at each end of this route, for
which he received $3 70 per trip, on an average,
with a steamboat, I believe, worth one hundred
or one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. He
refused absolutely to carry this great through
mail, which amounted to from five to ten tons; I
believe that it is in proof that it was often over
eight tons. He refused absolutely to touch that
mail, or allow it to go on his boat. The brother
of the President of"the United States, who was
special mail agent, assured him—and it is in the
evidence before the Court of Claims—that he
should have a just compensation if he would con-
sent to tSke these mails. It is likewise in proof
that he was frequently compelled to detain the
steamboat from one to two hours for the arrival of
the cars, to receive these mails on board, at an ex-
pense ofcoal—I do not Icno w the amount, butc very
one knows that a steamboat consumes one, two,
or three tons of coal while lying by for a couple
of hours. He was at all this expense, and all
this trouble; and now, because, as is gsserted,
after four years, he being unable to get anything,
he offered to compromise the matter, and take a
small sum in full compensation, be ought to be
held to that. I say that has nothing to do with
the question. I hope this bill will be referred,
and let the Post Office Committee review the case.
If it. be just,-then I care not whether it is four
thousand or eighty thousand dollars, he should
have what is just. If it is unjust, let the com-
mittee so report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on committing the bill, with the veto message,
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. DAVIS. Is the proposition to refer the
veto message to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. DAVIS. It is always to be presumed, be-
fore Congress enact a law, that they have con-
sidered the case, have had the evidence, and have
weighed it, and the veto of the President is in
answer to the action of Congress, in which his ob-
jections are presented. It would seem to me a
strange proposition indeed, then, to refer the case
to a committee, in order that it might be investi-
gated, and a most unfortunate confession that no
investigation had been made in the beginning. It
is clear to my mind that the House to which the
veto message of the President is submitted must
vote upon it.
Mr. MASON. I was about to say very much
in substance what has fallen from the Senator
from Mississippi when I rose just now. The
President seems to have looked into this subject,
by referring it to the appropriate Department to
ascertain the facts, and if the facts are as the De-
partment has reported them to the President, it
would show, I think, very hasty and inconsider-
ate legislation on the part of the Senate. Now
the Constitution says:
"If he approve, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall re-
turn it, with his objections, to the House in which it shall
have originated, who shall enter the objections at largo on
their Journal, and pioceed to reconsider it."
The Senator from New Hampshire proposes
to refer the bill, and the message containing the
objections, to a committee. The Constitution
says the message shall be entered upon the Jour-
nal—entered at once—and that we shall proceed
to consider it. The usage has been, as I think
that Senator said, to assign a^day for its consid-
eration, and before that day arrives, the Senator
who reported the bill will have an opportunity of
ascertaining whether the reports made from the
Department to the Executive are correct. If they
are not correct, he can expose the fact; and that
might govern the vote of the Senate upon this
veto of the President; but I should be reluctant to
• depart from the usage of the Senate in any re-
spect whatever. I will move, therefore, if the
Senator will permit it, to assign such day as he
will suggest for the consideration of this veto of
the President.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The motion to refer to
the committee has preference.
Mr. MASON. I say, if the Senator will per-
mit me. He can only permit me by withdrawing
his motion. Otherwise I shall vote against the
commitment.
Mr. HALE. It is said this is a novel course.
I think this will be found to be the first instance
in which a private bill has ever been vetoed.
Mr. YUL.EE. Oh, no; there have been other
cases.
Mr. HALE. I am corrected then; but I do
not see any objection to referring it. I desire to
state, in answer to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Mississippi, that I made no admis-
sion that this bill had not been investigated at all.
1 know it was investigated. I know that we went
into a computation, in that committee, of the
weight of the nails, and what would be a fair
quantum meruit for the conveyance of the mails;
and that was the inquiry that was before the com-
mittee. What I meant to say was, that having
ascertained the weight of the mails, and what
would be a fair compensation for carrying a cer-
tain amount of mails, we reported the bill with-
out going into the question of how much that
would amount to, because that was not necessary
to the adjustment of the claim.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, did they asc&tain what this petitioner
had previously demanded—what value he himself
set upon the services ? It is stated m the reports
of the Department that he presented a memorial
to Congress for $25,000, and presented his petition
to the Court of Claims for some fifty thousand
dollars. Did the Senator ascertain in the com-
mittee what value the claimant himself set upon
his services ?
Mr. HALE. I can say'at once I did not; but
I will state to the Senate—because I suppose it
will explain somewhat the course of proceedings
in committees—that there had been an investi-
gation, if I am not exceedingly mistaken, by a
previous Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, upon this subject. It had been reported
to the Senate, and passed, heretofore, without a
division; and it is not impossible nor improbable
that that fact may have had a very important in-
fluence in determining the result that we came to
at this session, and may have prevented that
scrutiny which we otherwise would have given
to the bill. 1 believe that is the fact. But if it is
going to derange tile operations of the Government
by referring this matter to the committee, I do not
insist upon it; but to my mind there is no real
objection to it, and I should prefer the sense of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. RICE. As a member of that committee,
I wish to state that, when I was appointed upon
it, this claim, I believe, was then before the com-
mittee, and had been examined by the older mem-
bers. I never looked into it; I never examined
it; I did not know of its passage through the
Senate until I saw it in the papers. I should like
to ask if it would bo in order to refer the bill, with
the papers, back to the committee for its exam-
ination, and at the same time to set a special day
for the consideration of the veto message? I should
like, as a member of that committee, before I act
on the message, to look into the case myself, be-
cause the responsibility not only rests with the
committee collectively, but with each member in-
dividually; and if it is in order to separate the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire, I
hope that it may be done, so that we shall set
aside a day for the consideration of the veto mes-
sage, and let the bill and papers be referred to the
committer for more definite action.
Mr. HALE. 1 have no objection to that.
Mr. RICE. If there is no constitutional ob-
jection to it, I hope that course will be taken.
Mr. MASON. I do not think, so far as my
opinions are concerned, that we can do that. The
Constitution says that the Senate, or the House,
as the case may be, shall proceed to consider it.
Now, it is somewhat analogous to the phrase used
with regard to the election of a President—if the
electoral college fail to elect, the House of Rep-
resentatives shall choose immediately. Here it
is said we shall proceed to consider. I think,
therefore, that not only would it be a departure
from the precedents, but against the intention of
the Constitution, if the subject is referred.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make one sugges-
tion in regard to this case. I hold in my hand
the message of the President. He says his chief
objection to this bill is the enormous difference
between the amount previously claimed and the
amount granted by the bill. Now, I wish to ask
the Senate how they can ascertain the amount
previously claimed, and the amount granted by
the bill, unless by some committee? We cannot
certainly do it here in the Senate. In answer to
what fell from the Senator from Mississippi, I
desire to read from the message this expression:
" My sole purpose is to afford Congress an opportunity
of reconsidering this case, on account of its peculiar cir-
cumstances."
He goes upon the assumption that Congress
did not sufficiently consider it before, and desires
that it should now be reconsidered. I hope it
will be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Inanswcrtothe
inquiry of the Senator from Minnesota, the Chair
will state that the first question in order is to re-
commit the veto to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. If that motion prevails,
the veto will not be before the Senate; and hence
it would not be in order to fix any particular day
for its consideration. It would be before the com-
mittee, and not before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 17, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMPENSATION OF ilEMBEKS.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. I ask the consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be instructed to report a bill reducing the compensation of
members of the Senate and House of Representatives to
eight dollars per day for each day of actual service, and
providing also that when both Houses by joint resolution
adjourn to attend a political convention, the menibeis voting
for such adjournment sliall not reccive pay duiing such le-
cess.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to that res-
olution, but I desire to say that I understand cer-
tain members of the House are in the habit of
drawing their pay when paired off and absent from
the city, or remaining in the city, but notattend-
ing the sessions of the House. If that be true, I
propose to amend the resolution by providing that
when members, by pairing off, disqualify them-
selves from representing their constituents upon
the floor of the House, they shall not be permitted,
as they have no right under the law, to draw
their pay.
Mr. MAYNARD. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he knows such to be the fact?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that such is
the fact.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the reception of
the resolution.
MILEAGE.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I ask the consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee ofthe Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of tlie rcportot the Commit-
tee on Mileage made upon House bills Nos. 69 and 71,
and that they be recommitted to the said Committee on
Mileage, with instructions to report favorably thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object. *
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
except on Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
PROPOSITION TOR RECESS.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the adoption of the resolution proposed
yesterday by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Bonham,] upon which the main question has
been ordered.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas this House, on the 2ist day of Febiuary, 1860,
resolved, " that the superintendent of the Capitol extension
