THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHING-TON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1860.
New Series No. 47.
tesy, or some othcrreason,concur in fifty amend-
ments of the Senate, and disagree to fifty others.
The Senate insist upon their amendments; and
finally,oil the last night of the session,it maybe,
their amendments are sent back to the House,
■when we have not even time to have them read.
The common course, under such circumstances,
has been to move to reject all the amendments
of the Senate, that they may go to a committee
of conference. The committee of conference will
meet; and the committee on the part of the Senate
will, perhaps, propose that, if the House will
agree to twenty-five of their amendments, the Sen-
ate will recede from the other twenty-five.
The result is, that the Senate secure the passage
of seventy-five of their amendments, when, prob-
ably. nearly all would be rejected if they could
be deliberately considered; and we recede from
only twenty-five of them; which twenty-five are
probably those they care the least about, and which
are chiefly useful in being surrendered to us, as the
consideration of our agreement to others. The
report of the committee of conference is then made
to the House; the amendments have never been
known to the House; the House is entirely igno-
rant of them; but they must vote for, or against
the conference report, as a whole; and they are
laid under the necessity of rejecting the entire ap-
propriation bill, or of concurring in the Senate
amendments, of which they know nothing, and
of which, if they did know anything, they would
probably'disagree to all.
The result is to make the Senate, as to these
amendments, the sole legislative body of the
Union. The House of Representatives-does not
even know what is done; and, several times, I
have left this Capitol and gone home, utterly igno-
rant of the changes made in the laws, until 1 after-
wards saw the bill reported at length in the Con-
gressional Globe. The effect of such legislation,
1 repeat, is to transfer the legislative power of the
two Houses of Congress to the Senate alone. Such
is the practical effect, the Senate being the only part
of Congress that knows anything of the changes
proposed to be made in the laws. I think we ought
to set our faces against this practice. If there be
a change in the law proper to bo made, this House
will probably consent to it, at the proper time, and
in the proper mode; and if it be not proper to be
made, we ought not to be coerced into making it,
by our anxiety to pass appropriation bills for the
support of the Government.
While upon the floor, let me say a word or two
upon the other amendment—for my argument ap-
plies equally to the remaining amendment—abol-
ishing the franking privilege. Yes, the franking
privilege! And what is this franking privilege?
Why, it is the privilege of spending hundreds of
dollars ill the purchase of speeches, and the priv-
ilege of working day and night for the circulation
of those speeches among our constituents. "V es,
sir, the attempt is made to excite a popular preju-
dice-against this franking privilege, by represent-
ing it as an aristocratic, invidious, and distinctive
privilege, enjoyed by members of Congress; and
so to stir up the jealousy of the people as to in-
duce them to give up what is, in tiutii, their priv-
ilege, and only our duty and our burden. "Why, sir,
I would much desire—no, I recall the expression—
I was about to say I would be glad if my constit-
uents were willing to relieve me from this burden;
but I do not desire it, because I would then believe
they had become forgetful of the first principles
of our institutions. A privilege, is it ? Yes, sir:
and what sort of a privilege is it ? 11 is like some
other privileges possessed by other agents of the
Government and the people. There aie officers
of the Navy who roam abroad throughout the
world, visiting, sometimes, the classic shores of
the Mediterranean, in pursuit of knowledge and
pleasure, and sometimes, and more unwillingly,
perhaps, the unattractive coasts of Africa. What
would be said if they should magnanimously come
forward and offer to surrender their roaming priv-
ilege, and stay at home all the time, enjoying the
society of their wives, children, and friends ?
And, sir, there are other privileges which may
47
be surrendered. The officers of our Army are
employed by us to fight the battles of the coun-
try. Perhaps this fighting privilege, which those
gentlemen monopolize, they may be willing to
surrender. They may regard it as exceedingly
invidious that they alone, of all the people of the
United States, should be invested with the great
privilege of taking human life; and taking counsel
from us, they may offer to surrender this fight-
ing privilege, and confine themselves to the more
congenial employment of parades and reviews.
Yes, sir; let the privilege of roaming abroad be
abolished; let the privilege of fighting be abol-
ished; and let the senatorial and congressional
privilege of franking be abolished.
But it is said that a great expense will be saved
to the country. It is said that the Post Office De-
parttaent ought to be self-sustaining, and should
be supported out of its own proper revenues.
That idea proceeds upon the assumption that
there is no part of the people of the United States
who derive benefit from the Post Office establish-
ment except those who receive letters and papers
through the mail. Sir, this is a great mistake.
They derive, it is true, a larger proportion of the
benefits of the Post Office Department than those
who do not receive them; and they are rightly re-
quired to pay, in postages, for the greater privi-
lege which they have secured to themselves; but
it is a very great mistake to suppose that the
whole advantage of the Post Office establishment
is secured by those who receive letters and papers
through the, mails. There is no man in the coun-
try; there is not the most illiterate, uncultivated
laborer, who never receives a letter, who never
j subscribes for a newspaper, nor could read it if
! he did, who does not derive a great advantage
! from the Post Office Department. If he wishes to
find employment in any part of the country, he
knows that, by communication with his neigh-
bor, he may ascertain -where his labor is most
wanted. Thc~farmer, the mechanic, and every
other class of our people, are informed of the affairs
of the world through the Post Office Department,
though they may never receive cither letters or
papers. It is a gross error to suppose that the
information transmitted by mail to the editor of a
newspaper, or the receiver of a letter, is confined
to those parties; it is generally diffused through-
out the whole country. There is hardly an item
of valuable information, however it may be con-
fined, in the first instance, to a single person, which
is not diffused throughout the whole community
to which it is sent; and the benefits of which are
not participated in, to some extent, by all.
As well might you say that the judiciary should
be made a self-sustaining department, and that
j litigants should pay, m costs and fees, the salaries
I of the judges, and all the other expenses of the
! courts, as to suppose that the whole expenses of
I the Post Office Department should be sustained
alone by the comparatively small class of people
' who receive their letters and their newspapers
I through the mails. Why, sir, every man who
j takes a newspaper published in his own city, and
I which does not come to him through the mails at
' all, gets information which that paper only ob-
I tamed from other newspapers which did come
| through the mails. So that there is not a person
throughout the whole country who is not, to some
! extent, and to a very great extent, benefited by the
; Post Office establishment, whether he receives let-
' ters or papers through the mails or not.
Now, sir, this is a proposition to strike down
this franking duty—not privilege—this franking
burden, the objeet of which is to put us in close
communication with our < onstituents, by calling
it an Invidious privilege. Sir, it seems to me to
bo subversive of the very first principles of our
institutions. It mav bo, Mr. Chairman, that our
forefathers were mistaken whoii.ni 1776,they de-
termined that ours should be a popular Govern-
ment founded, upon public opina i. It may be
that, m the estimation of some, tin would have
done better if they had graciously - mtinued and
perpetuated tin1 British monarchy, or an Ameri-
can monarchy or oligaichy, as a substitute, lint,
sir, I happen to be one who think that they did
not err in tlieir determination to make ours a pop-
ular Government, to be ruled and controlled by
the people; to be a Government founded upon
popular opinion; that the people'should control the
Government, and not that their agents should con-
trol them. If that be so, then it is necessary that
our executive officers should make reports of their
proceedings. We receive these reports here; we,
as the Representatives of the people here,receivc
the reports of the acts and doings of the executive
Government."
In what form do these reports come? If they
come to us in manuscript, why, unless the manu-
scripts are multiplied so as to give each member
a copy, we should never know anything of the
transactions of the Government; but if these
manuscript documents are multiplied to that ex-
tent, it would involve a cost greater than that of
printing. We are then compelled to print. We
do print them; and in printing them, how many
copies ought we to have ? Why, sir, almost the
whole expense of printing consists in the original
costof composition. By way of illustration, sup-
pose the cost of printing a single copy of the Pres-
ident's message and accompanying documents is
$5,000, and that two copies will cost §5,000 20,
and that three copies will cost $5,000 40; what
ought we to do ? Content ourselves with the low-
est expense—that of printing a single copy, or,
by twenty cents additional, print two copies, or
thirty cents additional, three copies? Now, sir,
I have always opposed the printing of large num-
bers of these public documents. I think then-
is a mean which we ought to observe; but, when
we have incurred the expense of composition,
we ought to print such a number of copies as
will not only supply members themselves, but
such a number as will enable members to send
copies into their districts, to the clerks'offices, the
public libraries, and wherever they may be within
reach of all, for reference. There is this advant-
age from it: if a number of public documents
are deposited where they are accessible to all, you
will, m that way, prevent misrepresentations
which would frequently occur in the newspapers
if there were not a ready means to detect and
expose the fraud.
Gentlemen say that these documents are worth-
less; that they are trash; that tliey are never lead.
It may be so, sir. Many of them arc never in-
tended to be read. Yourannals of Congress; your
reports of commerce and navigation; your census
returns; your statistics of trade, were never in-
tended to be read, any more than a dictionary
was intended to: be read. They arc books of ref-
erence, and are so intended. If they arc never-
referred to, yet still, upon the shelves, they exert
a silent and most wholesome influence over the
public mind and the public morals; for then no
unscrupulous editor and no unscrupulous dema-
gogue will ever attempt to pervert or misrepresent
the action of the Government, in any particular,
if they feel that the correction and exposure of
their misstatements can be made by leference to
books within the reach of all. It is desirable,
therefore, that these things should be circulated
to some extent.
1 heheve that a larger number of these docu-
ments has been sometimes printed than ought to
nave been published; but is it possible that we call
find no means of guarding against this abuse, ex-
cept by destroying the capacity to do that which
would not be an abuse ? Is it right to reason, from
the abuse of a thing, against its general and whole-
some use? No, sir. I oppose, then, this amend-
ment of the Senate, not only because it is not in
its proper place, but because I dissent from the
whole theory and philosophy involved in the pro-
jected change.
Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that the expense
is as lanre as it is represented. It is said to amount
to fl,000,000.
A Member. One million eight hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. MILLSON. I suppose they mean that, if
I all this franked matter paid postage, the amount
