1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1757
be directed to remove the present benehes from the Hall,
and replace the old chairs and desks, adopting substantially
the original arrangement thereof, but having regard to any
reduction of space occupied by them without Interfering
with the convenience of the arrangement:" Therefore,
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Friday next,
it stand adjourned till Tuesday, the 1st day of May, in order
that the foregoing lesolufion may be carried into effect; and
that a message be sent to the Senate asking their consent
to such adjournment.
Mr. BONHAM. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That motion
is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not; the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. To obviate that difficulty, I
move that the House adjourn; not because I am
willing that the House shall now adjourn, but for
the purpose of delaying the vote upon the resolu-
tion until members shall have time to come into
the Mouse. And I call for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can obviate the
difficulty, without the necessity of wasting time.
I propose that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of disposing of two or three ap-
propriation bills, to which 1 suppose there will
be no objection. If the House shall agree to that
motion, I will move, at two o'clock,-that the com-
mittee rise, for the purpose of coming into the
House, and taking a straight vote upon the reso-
lution of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Bonham.]
Mr. PHELPS. If that bo the agreement, I
will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BONHAM. I understand, then, the prop-
osition to be to go into the Committee of the
Wh jle, with the understanding on both sides that
at two o 'clock we shall come into the House, and
take a straight vote upon my resolution.
Several Members. We agree to it.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the general de-
bate upon the deficiency bill shall cease in one
hour from the time %vhen the committee proceed
to the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of considering the de-
ficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Wasiieurn, ofMaine,
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of the bill of the House (No. 499) to supply'dc-
ficicncies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, I860.
Air. SHERMAN. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to; and the reading of
the bill by paragraphs, for amendment, com-
menced.
Mr. CONKLING- obtained the floor.
Mr. MA YNARD. Is it understood that gen-
eral debate is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Conkling] is entitled to the floor. By
a vote of the House, general debate is permitted
for one hour.
Mr. CONKLINGr addressed the committee for
one hour on the President's message. [His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses,
for amendment.
The following clause being under considera-
tion:
" For furniture, repairs, and boxes for membeis, ^10,000;''
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the words " boxes for mem-
bers. It will be remembered that, when the
legislative appropriation bill was before the Com-
mittee of the Whole during the last session of
Congress—early in February of last year, if I re-
member aright—this item of appropriation for
boxes for members was stricken out, on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton;]
whether rightfully or wrongfully is not a matter
of much importance at this time, except that it
was favored by gentlemen as an item of economy.
The mind of the last Congress was, that this ap-
propriation, unauthorized by law and supported
merely by practice, should no longer be made.
It will be recollected that this whole appropria-
tion was, on motion of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] stricken out last session—furniture,
repairs, boxes, and all—as a measure of public
economy.
Here is an attempt on the part of somebody—
whether of individual members or employes of
the House, I know not, and do not care to in-
quire—to do indirectly what the last Congress de-
cided should not be done directly, and to evade
the course of legislation then adopted, by bring-
ing the item in as a part of the deficiency bill, at
the present session.
It is a practice which ought to be met at the
threshold, and which ought to be discontinued.
If we tolerate it in an inconsiderable item of this
character, it will come in under more important
items; and, if I am not mistaken, there are sev-
eral such items already in this very bill, which
will probably be brought to the attention of the
committee as the reading progresses. It is on
account of the attempt to evade the effect of the
legislation of last Congress that I make the propo-
sition to strike out this item. I hope my amend-
ment will be adopted by the committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am constrained
to oppose this amendment. I am in favor of
boxes. I stand by boxes of every description—
good boxes and bad boxes. I have seen this
Ik House in a bad box at times, [laughter,] so bad,
indeed, that it ought to have been put into an ap-
propriation bill. Let us but strike out all these
boxes, aftd what becomes of the snuff-taking pro-
pensities of gentlemen on this floor? [Laughter.]
Will you strike away our snuff-boxes, sir? I
appeal to the interests of the South. [Laughter.]
What is to become of your great tobacco-grow-
ing interests? I appeal to the industrial interests
of the North. Where is your honest mechanic,
your laborious carpenter, if these boxes are to be
struck out of the appropriation bill? I appeal to
the great iron interest of Pennsylvania. [Laugh-
ter.] If you are to take away these boxes from
members of Congress, what is to become of your
locks, and your screws, and your hinges? [Laugh-
ter.] Why, sir, do you not perceive that this is
no trivial matter? Is it not clear that it involves
the great economical interests of the country ?
And now, with these interests at stake, shall gen-
tlemen be permitted, while contemplating the nar-
row periphery of a box, to strike out its entirety,
while these interests depend upon that box?
[Laughter.] Why, sir, it will be the wiost fatal
box that the legislation and interests of the coun-
try have received for years and years agone.
A Voice. A sort of Pandora's box.
Mr. JOIIN COCHRANE. I, sir, can under-
stand very well how you can apply economy to
bureaus; but how are you to apply it to boxes?
[Laughter.] Let gentlemen attend to the weighty
matters of the law, and not to these trifles.
. Sir, I am asked whether this is a Pandora's
box. No, sir; that was a box which emanated
from the wicked devices of antique femininity.
These boxes apply only'to the masculinity of
these degenerate days. They are the boxes of
members of Congress, and by no means the box
of Mistress Pandora, orof any of the female con-
vocation of the goddesses of yore. Sir, let the
boxes stand. [Renewed laughter.] I appeal to
my friend from Tennessee to withdraw his amend-
ment, in order that our boxes may remain, and
that the reputation of this House may be saved.
It is a true £,atin motto that, tie minimis uon, &c.
Let Congress, sir, find an example in that Latin
maxim; and while it strikes at great abuses, let it
permit the pine boxes of members to remain. I
hope the amendment will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynard's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word " ten." My friend from New
York has succeeded in retaining his boxes, and
has thereby preserved the iron interest in the shape
of nails and screws, and hinges, and locks and
keys, and the tobacco interest, as represented in
the snuff-boxes. He has also retained his " clas-
sieality,"to say nothing of his " femininity,"or
his "masculinity," m the "Pandora's box."
And, inasmuch as lie has succeeded ill that, I sub-
mit that he has accomplished about as much as a
gentleman can be expected to do in one session
of Congress. He ought to be furloughed to the
Charleston convention.
It is very obvious, from the speech of the gen-
tleman, that these items for " furniture and re-
pairs and boxes" are, as he sjnys, among the
weighty matters of the law. Ana although the
great Democratic party, of which lie is so con-
spicuous and shining a light, on the motion of one,
of its honored Representatives from the State of
Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] in the last Congress,
succeeded in striking but the " boxes," and, on
the motion of the distinguished Virginian, dis-
posed of the " furniture and repairs," and thus
eliminated them from our appropriations; yet
what is the sad intimation of the present action of
the House ? It is that that great party, that once
dominant party, .that party which was in the as-
cendency for—howlong was it ?—that this party is
to be finally overruled in a great measure of econ-
omy, and their recent efforts in behalf of the pub-
lic fisc set at naught by the present dominant
party, calling themselves " Republicans." I sup-
pose the gentleman would call them " Black Re-
publicans! " Was there ever such discomfiture ?
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 have been more than
once most affectionately invited to join my desti-
nies with this great Democratic party—not on my
account, of course—merely to save the coun-
try; but after the manner in which nay efforts in
their behalf to maintain their record intact, and ta
preserve their reputation without stain," to carry
out their favorite measures of "economy, re-
trenchment, and reform," in the matter of " fur-
niture, repairs, and boxesfor members,"have been
met by my friend from New York—who, as I
have said, is the exponent, the orator, if not the
oracle, of that party—I shall be very cautious in
future how 1 interpose for their relief. It is very
manifest that my services are not likely to be ap-
preciated. Certainly, my advances are not met
m the cordial spirit I might have expected from
the frequency of my.invitations. I hope my friend
docs not apprehend the party would be too nar-
row for us both. I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object. I wish
to explain to the gentleman, and not to reply to
his remarks. I do not wish to occupy a false
position before the House. I am not the oracle
of this side of the House, except when "boxes"
are in question. [Laughter.]
M r. MAYN ARD, by unanimous consent, with -
drew his amendment.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to strike out this par-
agraph of the bill:
'■For the compensation of the draughtsman and clerks
employed on the land maps, clerks to committees, and tem-
porary cieiks ill the office of the House of Representatives,
$5,000."
Now, sir, I desire to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means how many
persons are employed on these land maps ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The same number as was
provided for by the appropriation ofthe last Con-
gress, as I understand. The law authorizes the
usual number of these land map clerks. The gen-
tleman probably knows the exact number better
than myself
Mr. RUFFIN. The number was formerly ten.
They were reduced to six. I am informed, how-
ever, that the Clerk has appointed the full number
of ten; and it is in reference to that I make the
inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
that no appropriation is made for any additional
number of clcrks. The deficiency arises, as I un-
derstand it, from the employment of clerks ofcom-
mittees and temporary clcrks authorized by the
House. This is the usual heading of the appro-
priation. The object is certainly notfor the pur-
pose of increasing the number of these land map
clerks.
Mr. RUFFIN. Atthe last Congress, a resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, instructing them to inquire into the expe-
diency of abolishing these land map clerks. The
Committee on Public Lands, or a majority of that
committee, agreed to malce a report to the House,
recommending that that force should be abolished.
That report, however, was never brought before
the House. If I recollect correctly, the commit-
tee was not again called until the close of the Con-
gress. I know the Committee on Public Lands
agreed that these clerks were notnecessary.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the employment of these
