1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•2701'
tleman from Georgia. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia, upon the ground that the rule in express
language provides that the Speaker may, at any
time, call another member to the chair to perform
the duties of the Chair—not to extend beyond an
adjournment. Another rule defines what shall be
the duties of the Chair. And, inasmuch as there
is no limitation fixed upon the power of the mem-
ber so called to the chair, beyond those fixed for
the Speaker himself, the Chair decides, with a
great deal of diffidence, of course, that he is en-
titled to perform, for the time being, all the duties
of the Speaker. The Chair will refer to a single
precedent, occurring in the Twenty-Eighth Con-
gress:
"In the Twenty-Eighth Congress, the election of Mr.
John W. Jones, of Virginia, who hail been elected Speaker
of the House, being controverted, the Speaker substituted
Mr Be;iid^ley, of New York, to perform the dunes of the
Chair when the Committee of Elections was dnected to
be appointed, who named the committee accordingly."
In this case, the seat of the .Speaker being con-
tested, and he, of course, not desiring to sit upon
his own case, called another member to the chair,
who, without objection, exercised the duties, of
the Chair to the extent of appointing one of the
standing committees of the House. The Chair
thinks the point is clear beyond any doubt, and
overrules the question of order.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. My point is
this: I submit the motion that the gentleman from
Ohio be discharged'unconditionally; and 1 allege,
as a reason, that I do not see the authority by
which he has been brought here. Now, sir, upon
this point, I will refer to the rule.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I dSsire to know what motion is pending upon
which the gentleman from Maryland can speak?
Mr. STEWART*of Maryland. I have sub-
mitted the motion that the gentleman who has
been brought here by the deputy Sergeant-at-
Arms be discharged, upon the ground that he has
been improperly brought here. Now, sir, the
Constitution, in the fifth section of the first arti-
cle, gives to the House of Representatives power
to adjourn. It gives them the power to compel
the attendance of absent members, in such man-
ner and under such rules and regulations as each
House may prescribe. Now, sir, 1 turn to the
rjiles of the House, to see what rules and regula-
tions this House has provided upon this subject.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is the motion to excuse de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is. The gen-
tleman from Maryland has submitted the motion
that Mr. Howard, of Ohio, be discharged from
custody; and submits, as a reason, that he was
not legally arrested.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The rule
says:
" Upon t'nc call of the House, the names of the member?
shall be called ovei by the'Clerk, and the absentees noted;
aim which the names of the absentees shall again be called
over; the doors shall then be shut, and those lot whom no
excuse or insufficient excuses are made may, by order ot
those piesent, if fifteen m number, be taken into custody
a1-- they appear, or may be sent loi and taken into custody,
wheievet to be found, by special messengers to be appointed
foi that put pose."
By whom? By special messengers to be ap-
pointed for that purpose. The point I make is
this: whenever the House is in session the Ser-
jeant-at-Arms is obliged to be here. I do not
know that the Sergeant-at-Arms has the right to
take the mace beyond the limits of the House
without the special authority of the House. I
suppose the rule contemplated that when the Sei-
geant-at-Arms was ordered to anest members, it
was taken for granted that he could not do it in
person, and that he might do it by deputy. There
is authority necessarily lodged under the 63d
rule, to authorize the Sergeant-at-Arms to appoint
special messengers.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman is not stating
his point of order, but arguing it.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. It is debata-
ble.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will state his point, and then the Chair will dc-
cido it.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Is it not de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have moved
that this party at the bar be discharged from cus-
tody; and I am arguing that motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That cannot take prece-
dence of my colleague's motion.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Thathasbeen
overruled by the Chair. After the Chair's de-
cision, I interposed and moved'that Mr. Howard,
of Ohio, be discharged from the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms. I propose to state the reasons
why he should be discharged. I propose to show
that he was not brought here byiegal and com-
petent authority. It is a serious question when
we attempt to bring members here, unless under
competent authority. It is a question "which will
again arise when other members are brought in;
and it ought to be settled now. We ought to
ascertain whether we are acting according to the
law and the settled rules of the House. If Mr.
Howard, of Ohio, were to bring an action in a
court of law for this arrest, I do not see what
defense could be set up. The House has not
appointed any special messengers. He has been
brought here, not by the Sergeant-at-Arms, but
by his deputy. We recollect the case of Sanborn,
which occurred in the State of Massachusetts.
When the party arrested by the deputy of the
Sergeant-at-Arms was brought before the court
on a writ of habeas corpus, he was discharged.
Mr. CURTIS. This House, if I understand
its power, acts by a summary process in bringing
to its bar the members absent without leave. The
first point in order is, that the member brought
before the House shall state his reasons for his
absence. Pending the interrogation, what excuse
he has to offer, I say it is not in order for an-
other member to interpose between the member
at the bar and his answer, by amotion to dis-
charge him from custody.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. That is not
asT remember the precedents.
Mr. CURTIS. I hold that the gentleman is
not in order. This is one of those summary pro-
ceedings known not only here but iff other places.
The business in order now is to receive the ex-
cuse of the member at the bar.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio is entitled to make his explanation; and
no motion is now in order for his discharge.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I have been biouglit
here at this late hour of the night, and I want to
sec the rule, the law, the authority, by which it
has been done. Let me see that.
Mr. HICKMAN. Let me call the attention of
the gentleman to these rules:
11 Upon the call of the Ilou^e, the names of the members
shall be called over by the Clerk, and the absentees noted;
after which, the names of the absentees shall again be called
ovei; the doors shall then be shut,and thoselur whom no
excuse or insufficient excuses aie made may, by order of
those piesent, if fifteen m number, be taken into custody
as they appear, or may be sent for and taken into custody,
wherevei to be found, by t-pectal mcssengeiato be appointed
for that pin pose.
u When a member shall be discharged from custody, and
admitted to his seat, the House shall determine whether
such discharge shall be with or without paj mg fee- ; and,
m like manner, whether a delinquent member, taken into
cu>iody by a special messenger, tdiail or shall not be liable
to defray the expense of such special messenger.
'•Any fifteen menibeis (including the ripeakei,if there
be one) shall be authored to compel the attendance of ab-
sent meinbeia.
" No member shall absent himself from the service of
the House, unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to
attend.
<• A Sergeant-at-Aims shall be appointed, to hold his office
during the plea->me ot the flou-e, whose duty it shall be to
atti'iid the House during its sittings: to execute the com-
mands of the House from time to time; togethei with all
such pioces>, issued by authority thereof, as shall be di
reeted to him by the speaker. "
Mr. HOWARD, ofMichigan. The question has
been put to the gentleman from Ohio to make his
excuse for his absence without leave of the House,
and the only thing now in order is for him to make
his excuse." If lie has been improperly arrested,
is a matter for consideration hereafter. Instead
of making his excuse, the gentleman seeks to ar-
raign the House for bringing him hero. I make
the point of order that all we can now do is to
decide whether the gentleman has a proper ex-
cuse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order, and desires that the gen-
tleman from Ohio may now answer the question
propounded to him.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot take an appeal; but any member not under
arrest can do so for him.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to put a
question to the Chair, in order that I may know
how to vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair "will
state the position of the matter. The rule requires
that the Chair shall propound to the gentleman,
the question, " What reason he has for his. ab-
sence?" and the same rule requires the gentleman
from Ohio to answer that question; and that is
the first duty of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. VALLANDfGHAM. Where is that rule
to be found?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No matter where it is to be
found. There is authority for it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair bases
his authority upon general usage, and upon the
practice of the House.
Mr, HUGHES. Allow me to put a question
to the Chair.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. HUGHES. Has a gentleman a right to
appeal from a call to order ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. An appeal from
the decision of the Chair has been taken, and it
must' be put. The question is, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HUGHES. Now that the appeal is de-
cided, I wish to know whether any gentleman
who is brought to the bar of the Mouse has a
right to plead to the jurisdiction?
Mr. HICKMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio give way to me for a moment?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I would like to hear
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary; for I cannot
find out by what process this thing is done.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist that the gentleman
shall give his excuse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
state that there are several persons under arrest
who wish to have their cases decided.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I would like very
much, as I said before,to hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania,because I am brought hereby some
sort of piocess I know not what, and am about
to be fined for something I have done. I do not
know whether it is for a contempt, of the House,
or for what it is; and it is very queer that my
mouth should be sealed, and I sfiould not be per-
mitted to examine the whole case. The gentle-
man from Michigan makes the point of order
against me, and the Chair decides it against me;
and it is declared that I have no right to go back of
the case; but at the same time, it is said that I
have my remedy hereafter. I would like to know
how I am to proceed hereafter?
Mr. LONGNECKER. I call the gentleman
to order. He is arguing a question. He is arguing
a point which has been decided by the Speaker
and sustained by the House, and he is out of
order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. I want to under-
stand the process by which I have been brought
here. I want to understand the legal bearings of
the case. And certainly,amanwhostandsbefore
this House accused of anything has a right to be
heard.
Mr, SPINNER. I rise to a point of order,
The gentleman from Ohio is in contempt of the
House, and he has no rightto moke an argument.
He has the light to do nothing except to give his
excuse.
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, That is just what
I want to understand—how I am in contempt.
Mr. SPINNER. I would ask the Chair if the
gentleman from Ohio could not be fined, even if
he had come here upon his own motion ?
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, I stand here for the
purpose of defending myself. I am charged with
an offense; and yet member after member rises
here and refers me to no law defining my offense.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio has been absent from the House with-
out its leave, and the question is, what excuse
have you to offer for your absence ?
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio, What I want is,
