316
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
against these laws, any more than it could make the rivers
run to the mountains, instead of the sea. If we have not
enough of the right sort of population to compete longer
with the North in the colonization of new Territories and
States, this deficiency can never be supplied by any such
act of Congress as that now asked for. The attempt would
be as vain as that of Xerxes to control the waters of the
Hellespont by whipping them in his rage.
The times, as you intimate, do indeed portend evil.
But I have no fears for the institution of slavery, either in
the Union or out of it, if our people aie but true to them-
selves; true, stable, and loyal to fixed principles and set-
tled policy; and if they are not thus true,I havclittle hope
of anything good, whether the present Union lasts or anew
one be formed. There is, in my judgment, nothing to iear
fiom the "irrepressible conflict,5' of which we hear so
much. Slavery rests upon great truths, which can never
be successfully assailed by reason or argument. 11 has grown
stronger in the minds of men the more it lias been discussed,
and it will still grow stronger as the discussion proceeds,
and time rolls on. Tiuth is omnipotent, and must prevail.
We have only to maintain the truth with firmness, and
wield it aright. Our system rests upon an impiegnable ba-
sis, that can and will defy all assaults from without. My
greatest apprehension is trom causes wittun—there lies the
greatest danger. We have grown luxuriant in tbe exuber-
ances of our well-being and unpaialleied prosperity.
There is a tendency everywheic, not only at the North,
but at the South, to strife, dis&eubion, disordei, and an-
archy. ft is against this tendency that the sobei-minded
and reflecting men eveiy where should now be called upon
to guard.
My opinion, then, is, that delegates ought to be sent to
the adjourned convention at Baltimore. The demand made
at Charleston by the seccders ought notto be insisted upon.
Harmony being restored on tins point, a nomination can
doubtless bo made of some man whom the patty every-
where can support, with the same zeal and the same ar-
dor with which they entered and waged the contestinl&>G,
when the same principles were involved.
If, in this, there be a failure, let the responsibility not
rest upon us. Let our hands be cleai of all blame. Let
there be no cause for casting censure at our door. If, in
the end, the great national Democratic party—the stiong
ligament, which has so long bound and held the Union to-
gether, shaped its policy and controlled its destinies, and
to which we have so often looked with a hope that seldom
jailed, as the only party North on which to rely in the most
trying hours when constitutional rights weie in peril, goes
down—let it not be said to us, in the midst of the disasters
that may ensue, " you did it!" In any and evety event,
let not the reproach of Punic faith rest upon our name. It
everything else has to go down, let our untarnished honor,
ut least, survive the wreck.
ALEXANDER II. STEPHENS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Stephens has given a
true, veritable history of the compromise meas-
ures of 18o0 and of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, as
understood by the supporters of the measures
when they were passed. He has stated fairly and
truly the points of difference between us, which
points were to be left to the courts to decide; and
he has said, what I think he was bound to-say as
a patriot and a Democrat, that the Cincinnati plat-
form is all that the South ought to ask or has a
right to ask, or that her interests require in this
emergency. On that platform the party cair re-
main a unit, and present an immcible ami lnesist-
xblc front to the Republican or Abolition phalanx
at the North. So certain as you abandon non-
intervention and substitute intervention, just so
certain you yield a power into their hands that
will sweep the Democratic party from the face of
the globe.
Sir, I believe that the safety, the peace, the
highest interests of this country require the pres-
ervation intact of the Democratic party on its old
creed and its old platform. Whenever you depart
from that platform, which was adopted unani-
mously, you never will get unanimity in the form-
ation of another. The only objection I have heard
urged against that platform is that it is suscepti-
ble of two constructions, when, in point of fact,
there are no two constructions—there can be none
on any one of the political issues contained in it.
The only difference of opinion arising out of that
platform is on the judicial question, about which
wc agreed to differ—which we never did decide;
because, under the Constitution, no tribunal oil
earth but the Supreme Court could decide it. We
differ only as to what the decision of the court
will be; not as to whether we will obey it when
made. How can you determine that question by
a platform? It has been suggested that this diffi-
culty was all to be reconciled by the adoption of a
resolution which I find in the papers under the
title of the Tennessee platform. Will my friend
read it?
Mr PUGH read, as follows:
u Resolved, That all citizens of the United States have an
equal nylit to settle with their propeity in tlie 'I'erritorie-i,
and thai under the decisions of the Supreme Couit, which
we recognize as an exposition of the Constitution, neither
their rights of person or property can be destroyed or im-
paiied by congressional or territorial legislation."
Mr. DOUGLAS. We have had predictions
that the party was to be reunited by the adoption
of that resolution. The only objection that I have
to it is that it is liable to two constructions, and
certainly and inevitably will receive two, directly
the opposite of each other, and each will be main-
tained with equal pertinacity. The resolution
contains^ in my opinion, two truisms, and, fairly
considered, no man can question them. They
aro: first, that every citizen of the United States
has an equal right in the Territories; that what-
ever right the citizen of one State has, may be
enjoyed by the citizens of all the States; that
whatever property the citizen of one State may
carry there, the citizensof alltheStatesmaycarry;
and on whatever terms the citizens of one State
can hold it and have it protected, the citizens of
all States can hold itand liaveitprotectcd, without
deciding what the right is, which still remains for
decision. The sccond proposition is, that aright
of person or property secured by the Constitution
cannot be taken away either by act of Congress or
of the Territorial Legislature. Who ever dreamed
that either Congress or a Territorial Legislature,
or any other legislative body on earth, could de-
stroy or impair any right guarantied or secured
by the Constitution? No man that I Snow of.
This resolution leaves the same point open that
remains open for the courts under the Cincinnati
platform, and under the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
My objection is that it bears upon its face the
evidence that it is to be construed in two oppo-
site ways in the different sections of the Union.
1 want no double dealing or double construction.
I am willing to stand on the Cincinnati platform,
as you agreed to it, and as it was rcenacted at
Charleston. I will give it the same construction
1 have always given to it; you mnygive ityours.
We differ only on a law point; let the court de-
cide that, aitd I only ask that you will bow to the
decision of the court with the same submission
that I shall, and carry it out with the same, good
faith. I want no new issue. I want no new test.
I will make none on you, anil I will permit you
to make none on me.
We are told that the party must be preserved.
I agree that the best interests of the country re-
quire that it should be preserved in its integrity.
How can that be done, except by abiding by its
decisions? The party has pronounced its author-
itative voice ou the very points at issue between
you and me. The party rejected your caucus
platform by twenty-seven majority on a fair vote.
The party affirmed the Cincinnati platform almost
unanimously. Hence it becomes the duty of
every Democrat, every man who expects to re-
main a Democrat, to acquiesce in the decision of
tlie party, and support its nomination when it
shall be made. In no other way can the party be
united or preserved. Can you preserve thepary
by allowing a minority to overrule and dictate to
tlie majority ? Is the party to be preserved by
abandoning the fundamental articles of its creed,
and adopting intervention in lieu of non-interven-
tion? Shall the majority surrender to fhe minor-
ity? Will that restore harmony? Will that pro-
duce fraternity? Suppose that the majority should
surrender to you, the minority—should justify the
seceders and bolters: will that reunite us? You
tell us that if wc do this, you will grant no quar-
ter on the point in dispute. The test is to be
kept up by the minority against the majority; by
bolters against the regular organization; by se-
ccders against those whose political fidelity would
not permit them to bolt; and the regular organi-
zation is required to surrender at discretion to the
seceders, with notice served, that no "quarter "
is to bo granted. That is the conciliation that is
tendered! That is the olive branch that is ex-
tended to us! You will permit us to vote for your
candidate, if we will only allow a minority to
nominate him! You will permit us to vote for a
candidate on a platform that the minority dic-
tates and the majority has rejected!
Suppose the minority should get their platform
and candidate, and they should go before the
country appealing to the Democratic masses to
rally in their majesty around the Democratic or-
ganization, and support its nominations—a mi-
nority candidate forced on the majority, asking
our votes, with notice, " if you vote for me I will *
grant no quarter, I will put you to the sword;
there is no* a man of you that is fit to be chairman
of a-committee, or a member of a Cabinet, or a
collector of a port, a postmaster, a light-house
keeper! " These are the terms of conciliation ex-
tended by a minority to the regular organization
of the party. Grant no quarter! Big talk for
seceders, after they have been overruled.
What man would desire your nomination on
such terms? Who would be mean enough to ask
and expect the support of men that he had marked
as victims of vengeance so soon as the knife was
put in his hands by them ? Who would degrade
himself so low as to ask or accept votes on terms
so disreputable ?
•On the contrary, sir, we, the Democratic party,
speaking through its regular organization, and by
authority of the party, say to you, erring men as
you are, that we will grant quarter; we submit to
no test, aivl make none; we aro willing to fight
the battle now on the same principles and the same
terms that we have fought it on since 1848; on
the same platform, and with the same fraternal
feeling. If you differ fiom us, we recognize your
right to differ without impairing your political
standing, so long as you remain m the regular
organization, and support the nominees. I care
not whether you agree or differ with me on the
points of law that have divided us. If you should
happen to be i ight, and I wrong, it would not prove
that you were a better Democrat than I; but that
you were a better lawyer than I am, so faros that
one branch of law is concerned. I should not have
much pride of opinion on the point of law, but for
the fact that you have got in the habit of calling
me "Judge," [laughter;] having, among my
youthful indiscretions, accepted that office and
acquired the title; and I do chum that, with that
title, I have a right to think as J please on a point
of law until the court decide.-- that I am wrong.
Mr. President, I owe an apology to the Senate
for detaining them so long. I present my pro-
found acknowledgments for the courtesy and
kindness that have been extended tome. I would
not have claimed so much of your time but for the
fact that I believe that the principle involved in
this discussion involves the fate of the American
Union. Whenever youlncorporate intervention
by Congress into the Democratic creed, as it has
become the cardinal pnnciplc of the Republican
creed, you will make two sectional parties, hostile
to each other, divided by the line that separates
the free from the slaveholding States, and present
a conflict that will be irrepressible, and will never
cease until the one shall subdue the other, or they
shall agree to divide, in order that they may live
in peace. God grant that there shall never be
another sectional party in the United States.
Why cannot wo live together in peace on the
terms that have bound and held us together so
long? Why cannot we agree ou this great prin-
ciple of non-intervention by the Federal Govern
mcnt with the local ai\d domestic affairs of the
Territories, excluding slavery and all other irri-
tating questions, and leaving the people to govern
themselves, so far as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States imposes no limitation upon their au-
thority? Upon that principle there can be peace.
Upon that principle you can have slavery in the
South as long as you want it, and abolish it when-
ever you are tired of it. On that principle we can
have it or not, as our interests, our prosperity,
our own sense of what is due to ourselves, shall
prescribe. On that principle, you on the Pacific
coast can shape your own institutions so that they
will be adapted to your own people. On that
principle, there can be peace and harmony and
fraternity between the North and the South, the
East and the West, the Pacific and the Atlantic.
Why cannot we now reaffirm that principle as
we did in 1852? Then, the Whig party adopted
it as a cardinal article in their creed, and so did
the Democracy. Let your Whigs, your Demo-
crats—all conservative men who will not be abo-
litionizcd or sectionalized—rally under the good
old banner of non-intervention, so that the Con-
stitution may be maintained inviolate, and the
Unionlastforever. Intervention,NorthorSouth,
means disunion; non-intervention promises peace,
fraternity, and perpetuity to the Union, and to
all our cherished institutions.
