1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
April 17,
clerks involves a large expenditure of money, and
it is of no benefit to anybody. They make out
maps of the public lands in the States, for which
we have no use; but the Territories of Kansas,
Nebraska, &c., never have as yet been reached.
The Committee on Public Lands do not consider
these clerks as of any benefit whatever to £hem,
although they may be of some benefit to land
speculators and others. The Interior Department
recommended that they should be abolished. They
are not under the control of the Secretary of the
Interior at all; and it is charged that they have
been in the habit of furnishing information out-
side of the Department not authorized to be made
public, and that the Secretary of the Interior could
not control them. I now modify my amend-
ment so far as to simply strtko out44 draughts-
man and clerks employed on land maps," and to
reduce the appropriation of $5,000 to $1,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the amendment of the
gentleman should prevail, it would not save one
dollar. These persons are employed by resolu-
tion of the House, or by law. Their salary is to
be paid. "They have been employed for the ses-
sion, and some of them have already rendered the
service for which th^s money is appropriated. I
repeat, that the money must be paid, because
these persons are employed in pursuance of ex-
isting law, or of the resolution of the House. I
will say also, that the number of clerks to com-
mittees has been increased two or three. I do
not know that any portion of the $5,000 contained
in this bill would go for the payment of these
land clerks at all. An appropriation was made
at the last session for the payment of their sala-
ries, and I do not know that any additional amount
is required for that purpose. As I remarked,
additional clerks of committees have been author-
ized by the present House, which, of course, the
last House could not foresee.
Mr. RUFFIN. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that no portion of this money is to go for
the payment of the map clerks?
Mr. SHERMAN, x do not know that there is
any deficiency in that particular item. The items
embraced in this paragraph comprise the usual
formal head of appropriation which has always
been adopted, and this $5,000 is necessary to use
during the current fiscal year under that head of
appropriation.
Mr. RUFFIN. The number of clerks em-
ployed upon these maps was fixed in the last Con-
gress, and an appropriation was made for their
salaries. Now, if no additional number had been
employed, I do not see why they should be in-
cluded tn the appropriation at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has never been any
'specific appropriation for those clerks at all. This
head of appropriation has always been adopted,
find any portion of the sum appropriated under
the head may be applied to any of the. items in-
cluded in it. I say, therefore, that while there
may be no deficiency in the appropriation for the
land map clerks of the last session, $5,000 more
may be necessary for these other offices. It is a
matter that I care nothing about, and the House
may strike it out or not, as they choose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question, to see if I understand ins statement. If
1 understood him correctly, this $5,000 becomes
necessary, because of the increase of clerks to
committees during the present session ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Partly.
Mr.HOUSTON. How much of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think two or three addi-
tional clerks have been authorized.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman, then, does
not knpw that there are deficiencies beyond the
amount necessary to pay two or three additional
clerks to committees employed during; the present
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that two or three new
clerks to committees had been employed the pres-
ent session, under resolution of the House. Be-
sides that, the fund appropriated at the last ses-
sion, under this head, was not sufficient to pay
the salaries cf officers authorized by law. Now,
if the gentleman desires to institute reforms and
to reduce the number of employes about this
House, let him introduce a proposition in the
House for that purpose, and I will go with him.
Mr. HOUSTON. We made an effort yesterday
to institute such a reform, and I think we would
have succeedcd but for the gentleman from Ohio
himself. It was on his motion that the proposi-
tion of my friend from Kentucky, to send the re-
port of the Doorkeeper to a special committee, was
defeated, and the report sent to the Committee of
Accounts, where, I believe, it is to be smothered.
But fc* the gentleman *s efforts, I believe we might
have had some necessary reform.
Mr. SPINNER. Whatground has the gentle-
man from Alabama for making the remark he has
made ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is my opinion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have as much confidence
in the Committee of Accounts as I have in any
committee of the House.
Mr. Ruffin's amendment was rejected.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I move to amend by adding
this provision:
That afterthe 30tli of Jutfe next, the employment of a
draughtsman and clerks upon land maps shall cease.
Mr. Chairman, I recollect very well the facts
of this case. They were brought before the House
by the Committee on Public Lands at the last
session of Congress. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has properly stated
that this appropriation is for paying those who
are employed bylaw. I admit that fact. The
original law was passed in the shape of a simple
resolution of two lines, offered in this House in
1848, that the Clerk of the House should employ
clerks to furnish land maps stained for the bene-
fit of members of Congress. The system was
commenced by the employment of three clerks,
and, from year to year, it went on, until, like
everything else connected with the operations of
this federal Government where an entering wedge
is inserted, we find that two years ago nine clerks
were employed, and $17,000 a year appropriated
for the completion of these maps. Upon a former
occasion, as a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, I stated that during my service on that
committee, I never saw the value of a dollar to
the Government or anybody else m consequence
of these land maps. It is very well known that
the Commissioner of Public Lands can and will
furnish information in respect to lands granted
and sold by the Government as accurately as it
can be furnished by these land maps. *
I know, sir, that it is said, as it has been said
before, that this is a small matter. It is not so
sfnallamatteras gentlemen would make the House
believe. If you willgo back, and see the expend-
itures which have been made to furnish these maps,
you will seo that $20U,000 and upwards has al-
ready been expended for these maps. All this
expense is entailed upon us by a simple resolution
adopted in 1848, providing that this House should
be furnished with stained land maps. Although
the number of clerks has been increased year
after year, and the expenditure has gone beyond
$200,000,1 would not give fifty dollars for all the
land maps that are the result.
Mr. BARKSDALE. These maps are not made
for the benefit of Congress, but for the benefit of*
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McQJJEEN. I was a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands at the last Congress, and
I never saw these land maps until this question
was brought before the House. They are in the
committee room, but I never saw that they were
of any use to the members of the committee in the
discharge of their public duty. I never saw the
slightest particle of benefit derivable from them to
anybody. I have never known an instance in which
this House or the people of the United States have
derived any benefit from. them. It is true that
the maps may be convenient for land speculators.
That it is the duty of this House to put an end to
this system which entails upon the Government a
useless expense, I am in no doubt. If I had the
j.land maps, which have cost so much, to exhibit
j them at this time to the House, I think I could at
| once satisfy members that they are not worth one
| dollar. They arc not of any use now, and they
never will be. A draughtsman has been employed
at a salary of $2,100 per annum, and the clerks at
a salary each of §1,800. The expense during one
year has been as high as $17,000. I think that it
is about time that a termination should be made
of this wasteful and extravagant system. I see
no way in which to secure that desirable result,
except by the adoption of the amendment I have
proposed, which provides that the clerks and
draughtsman engaged upon these land maps shall
not be employed longer than the 30tli of June next.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Will my friend from
South Carolina tell the House what will be the
efFectof his amendment?
Mr. McQJJEEN. The amendment will do
away with these land map clerks after the 30th of
June next—a consummation which ought to have
been reached five years ago.
Mr. McCLERNAND. They will go out of
office at the close of the present fiscal year.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. Yes, sir; without any au-
thority to employ them hereafter. The resolu-
tion under which they have been, and are now,
employed, was adopted by this House in 1848.
The resolution is only two lines in length.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I agree with thfe gen-
tleman from South Carolina in what he has said
on this subject. These clerks hold mere sine-
cures. They were authorized to be emplcfyed
some twelve years ago.
A Member. What year?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Authority to employ
them was granted in 1848. I was a member of
the House at the time, and think I may safely say
that it was fur from its expectation to authorize
the employment of so many clerks. I am in-
formed that the Clerk of this House is not limited
in respect to the number of these clerks he may
employ, and that the number has varied from
time to time, from a few, now to some eight or
Hen. And I am further informed that some of the
number have performed no service, while, indeed,
any service they might perform in the lime of their
duty, would be valueless. In short, the contin-
uance of these clerks in office is one of the grossest
abuses winch has grown up in the Government,
and ought to be stricken down by a unanimous
vote of this committee. It would be a shame to
continue such an abuse. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The time having arrived
when, by general consent, the vote is to be taken
in the House on the resolution to adjourn over, I
move, for that purpose, that the committee rise.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I suggest that we take a
vote first on the pending amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I withdraw
my motion until that vote is taken.
The question was taken; and Mr. Mc&ueen's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ;and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of
Maine, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the deficiency appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
PKOPOSED RECESS—-AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the resolution of the gentleman from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Bonham;] upon which the previous
question was seconded yesterday.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas this House, on the 21st day of February, 1860,
resolved "that the superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed to remove the present benches Irom the
Hall, and replace the old chaits and desks, adopting sub-
stantially the original arrangement thereof, but h*ivmg re-
gard to any reduction of space occupied by them without
interfering with the convenience of the ariangement:17
Therefore,
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Friday noxt,
itstandadjourned till Tuesdawthe 1st day of May, in order
that the toiegomg resolution may be carried into elfect; and
that a message be sent to the Senate asking their consent
to such adjournment.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I desire, before we
enter upon the consideration of that resolution, to
offer a resolution.
The resolution was read, for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee oh Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency oi paying to the
commander and lieutenants of the revenue steamer Har-
riet Lane, while attached to the Paraguay expedition, and
under the orders of the Navy Depaitment, the same pay as
is allowed to officers of similar tank in the Navy.
Mr. CAREY. I object.
Mr. BONHAM. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. A call of the House is not
in order afterthe main question has been ordered.
