1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27031
the Union, and my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] proceeded to make a speech. A call of
the House was afterwards had, when 1 answered
to my name. I was here a good deal beyond the
ordinary time of the sessions of the House. The
House was not engaged in any legislative busi-
ness. I am brought here now, as I understand,
not to engage in any business of legislation—my
vote is not wanted on any measure of legislation.
I am not brought here to listen to any argument
or speech on any question on which I am to be
called upon to vote, in the discharge of my duty
as a member of the House.
A Member. How do you know that?
Mr. STANTON. I left after the business of
the day was disposed of, when the House was
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and when a gentleman was engaged in
speaking on a subject foreign to any question
before the House. And now I am called here
again, at three o'clock in the morning.
Mr. HILL. I call the gentleman to order. It
is not, in my judgment, his province to say what
the House has or has not done. Others, including
myself, are in the same category with him, having
been brought here to-night. It was his business
to have been here, even if it was to listen to
speeches that he would prefer not to hear. It is
his duty now to make his excuse, and submit to
the judgment of the House upon his case.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think the
gentleman from Ohio has the right to give his
reasons.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does
not think the gentleman has thus far violated the
rules. *
Mr. HILL. I think the gentleman from Ohio
is very decidedly out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I will now proceed with my
excuse.
Mr. HUGHES. I must rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is arraigned here for being in con-
tempt of the House for absenting himself; and
yet he is here arraigning the House for its action.
I raise that question of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order. He thinks the gen-
tleman, thus far, has not transcended the rules.
Mr. HICKMAN. I must appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio, in giving the leasons which induced
him to leave the House, spoke of the condition
of the business in the House at the time as the
reason for his absence. The Chair thinks the
gentleman's remarks in that view may be in order,
if the Chair had supposed he was arraigning the
House, he would, without hesitation, have de-
cided him to be out of order.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I hold myself
bound always to attend the sessions of the House
when it is engaged in any legislative business, or
when I can contribute anything, by my vote, or
my counsel, or my arguments, to the promotion
of the public business. Beyond that I do not hold
myself bound togo. Ido not hold myself bound
to come here and listen to speeches made upon no
subject with which this House has any proper
connection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of order.
My colleague is making no excuse.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, I say to my col-
league that this House, without a quorum, has
not a great deal of power.
Mr!"BINGHAM. I submit the question of
order to the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
say, upon the remark the gentleman from Ohio
made relative to the power of the House without
a quorum, that this proceeding is based upon the
Constitution itself, which gives to the House the
power to compel the attendance of its absent mem-
bers; and the gentleman to that extent, is out of-
order.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I take an
appeal from that decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the gentleman from Ohio is not in order,
when called upon to render an excuse for his ab-
sence, in contending about the powerof theHouse
without a quorum.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know very well
what I am permitted to say by the Chair. I was
giving my honest reasons for not being here.
Mr. BINGHAM. I fSope my honorable friend
and colleague from Ohio, who is certainly as anx-
ious as any gentleman in this House to preserve
intact this rule, will permit me to say that my
understanding is this: that when he is brought
here, during a call of the House, it is not reasons,
but an excuse, that he is required to give.
Mr. STANTON. I take it that a reason con-
stitutes an excuse. There can be no excuse with-
out a reason. Cannot I give any statement here,
except to give a narrative of facts?
Mr. MAYNARD. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio to the language of rule 66:
" No member &lmll absent himself from the service of
the House, unless he have leave, or be sick, or unable to
attend."
Now, I understand that no member has the
right to be absent from the sittings of the House,
except it be for one of these excuses.
Mr. STANTON. If a member has any one
of these excuses, he is entitled to an absolute dis-
charge. If he has not, then the question will
arise upon the amount of the penalty to be in-
flicted; and upon that, reasons may be stated as
an excuse.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not offering any excuse. He is
making a speech and endeavoring to show that
wc are without any authority whatever. I make
tlie question of order that he cannot be permitted
to proceed, except to make a legitimate excuse.
Mr, STANTON, Do I understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to claim that I have no
right to state anything except a fact ? Is it claimed
that 1 have no right to give a reason'for unlawful
absence; that I had pressing business: that I may
have had sickness in my family, or something of
that sort?
Mr, HICKMAN. I have risen to a question
of order, and I ask the Chair to decide it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order. The rule requires
that the gentleman shall be arraigned before the
House and the question propounded what excuse
he has to offer. The gentleman has no right to
arraign the conduct of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I do not understand what
I have said that is arraigning the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
was maintaining, as the Chair understood,-that all
these proceedings were unnecessary; that he was
brought up here without valid reasons.
Mr. STANTON. I have not done so, that I am
aware.
Mr. HICKMAN. As the gentleman from Ohio
has failed to give any excuse, I propose that he
be proceeded against as others before him have
been. I move that he be discharged upon the
payment of fees; and I call the previous question
upon the motion.
Mr. STANTON. Has the gentleman from
Pennsylvania the floor to call the previous ques-
tion : " I am upon the floor, giving my excuse.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman made no
cxcusc, an<j^I was entitled to take the floor, and
make the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
decide that the gentleman from Ohio has the floor,
and he is at liberty to proceed in order to make
his excuse.
Mr. STANTON. I was giving my reasons for
absenting myself from the House. They may be
such as will excuse me absolutely; they may be
such as will entitle me to a discharge upon the
payment of fees, and they may be such that I
should be fined fifty dollars. I suppose I am en-
titled to give my reasons for absenting myself,
that the House may judge intelligently as to the
•proper penalty to be imposed. If I have not the
rio-ht, I want to know n before I proceed further.
'The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule requires
the Chair to inform the gentleman that he has
been absent without the leave of the House, and
to ask what excuse he has to offer. The lan-
guage of the rule seems to imply that any excuse
winch he may make must be personal to himself.
Mr. STANTON. I have made no complaint
against the House at nil.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will proceed in order.
Mi\ STANTON. I stated, in good faith, with-
out attempting to arraign the House, or cast the
slightest imputation upon the House, that I felt
myself bound, as a member of the House, to ren~
der my attendance, at any and all times, when-
ever it is engaged in the business of legislation."
Ido not hold myself bound, sir, according to the
uniform practice of members of the House here-
tofore, to be constant in my attendance when we
have resolved ourselves into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—not for iegis-*
lation, but for the purpose of hearing speeches
which are designed for circulation at home.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I make the point dT
order that the gentleman is not making any ex-
cuse for his absence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I hope that the gentleman
will proceed in order.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman's remarks
are not in order, I do not know what is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman's
remarks are not in order, and so the Chair has
decided.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman from Ohio
sets himself up here as a judge of what we shall
do.
Mr. STANTON. Is there any member here
who has not done so forty times?
Mr. SPINNER. 1 have never done so.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the member at
the bai be discharged from custody, on the pay-
ment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Leacii, of North Carolina was presented
at the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Leach, you
have been brought to the bar of the House for
being absent without the leave of the House.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I remained
here until half past six o'clock lastevening. The
House was then in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the" Union, and the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] had the floor. I left
the House, and went home under the impression
that nothing would be done but speech-making,
and that when the committee rose, the House
would adjourn. I was rather astonished this morn-
ing at half past three o'clock to be arrested by the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. MAYNARD. Inasmuch as my friend is
a new membei, and therefore not acquainted with
all the practices of the House, I move that he be
discharged from custody on payment of the fees.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. Love was presented at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Love, you
have been brought to the bar of the House because
you have absented yourself without leave of the
House. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. LOVE. I do not know that I have any
that will entirely relieve me. 1 will make a brief
statement, as other members have done. I re-
mained hero until the legitimate business of the
House was about through with, to wit: the dis-
cussion of the Missouu contested-election case.*
I heard the speeches of the contestant an^ of the
sitting member. I felt that 1 had received as much
information 'as 1 could, and much more than I
could from anybody else; for it is to be supposed
that the parties mteiested know all about their
own case. When I left, I thought that the House
would resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, wheie speeches
would be made on politics, and that then the
House would adjourn. That is all the excuse I
have to offer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that my colleague
be discharged on the payment of fees. All the
others have been discharged in the same way.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Vance was presented at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Vance, you
have been absent from the House without itsleave.
What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. VANCE. Well, sir, I am rather afraid
to undertake to render any, as it seems that any
excuse having: reason in it is not in order in this
