1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
Mr. STANTON. I should not have troubled
tlie committee with any remarks at this time, but
for the fact that I am in favor of both tliese'latter
amendments of the Senate as independent prop-
ositions; but I feci myself under obligation thus
early in the session, to take ground in favor of
the propositions of the Committee of "Ways and
Means, as presented by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millsojst,] and to vote so as to pre-
vent, if possible, this practice of incorporating
independent legislation upon appropriation bills.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to ask a question ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio, that I have heard the position he now
takes repeated here ever since I had the honor of
a seat upon this floor. I have heard objections
made to every reform which has been sought to
be accomplished in our appropriation bills, that
it is independent legislation, and therefore does
not belong to those bills, and ought not to be put
upon them. Now, the question I desire the gen-
tleman from Ohio to answer is this: Will he tell
me by what law, or by what rule, we are pre-
vented from putting these amendments upon ap-
propriation bills ?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the inquiry
of the gentleman: general appropriation bills are
bills required to meet the expenses necessary to
carry 011 the Government; without them, the
Government cannot move, and the public service
must come to an end. Every member feels that
there is an imperative obligation resting upon him
to vote so as not to defeat the passage of the ap-
propriation bills. Now, sir, there are various
measures of legislation that are debatable, about
which members differ in opinion, which oughtto
be decided upon their own individual merits; and
I hold that it is unjust, that it is calculated to lead
to hasty, rash, and ruinous legislation, to incor-
porate such measures, which may be of the utmost
importance, upon appropriation bills in the last
hours of the session, compelling members to vote
for them under duress, or stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment; compelling members to acquiesce in the
passage of measures which they believe to be de-
structive to public welfare. That is the reason
why I am opposed to it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this House has recog-
nized the soundness of that principle by acting
under rules which prohibit the introduction of
any amendments to appropriation bills that change
any existing law. That rule is well founded; it
has reason and common sense to recommend it,
or it ought to be abolished. I submit that this
House cannot, with a proper regard to its own
privileges and its own dignity, permit a rule to
remain amongst the rules regulating its business,
which prevents us from originating such a meas-
ure upon appropriation bills, at the same time
recognize the right of the Senate to incorporate
such legislation upon them, and require us to act
upon our convictions of the propriety or impro-
priety of the measure, regardless of the time and
manner of its introduction.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
states that there is a rule of this House which
prohibits this character of legislation.
Mr. STANTON. I so understand it.
Mr. BURNETT. If there be such a rule, I
would like the gentleman to point it out. The
only rule which I have been able to find upon the
subject is the 81st, and that does not forbid the
introduction of amendments of this character, and
the only reason I can find precluding the intro-
duction of general legislation into appropriation
bills is to be found in the practice of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I will ask the Clerk to read
the 81st rule, and I greatly misunderstand our
rules if it would be in order for any gentleman to
<*et up here and propose an amendment abolish-
ing the franking privilege to a Post Office appro-
priation bill. I .certainly do not so understand
the rules.
The Clerk read the 81st rule, as follows:
'•'No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as amendments theieto, for
any expenditure not previously authorized by iaw, unless
111 continuation of appropriations tor such public works and
objects as are already in piogress and foi carrying 011 the
several departments of the Government."
Mr. STANTON. If I am not mistaken, there
is another rule upon the subject, providing that
there shall be no change of existing laws incor-
porated in appropriation bills.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to tell me where such a rule is to be found.
I have searched for it,and, if we have such a rule,
I cannot find it. I think the gentleman from Ohio,
upon examination, will agree with me that this
discrimination has grown up under the practice
of the House, and that such legislation may be
put upon appropriation bills without the violation
of any rule or the violation of any law.
Mr. STANTON. X am greatly mistaken if
there is no such rule.
The proposition 1 submitisthis: there are great
measures of legislation, such as the building of a
Pacific railroad, an increase of the Army, an in-
crease of the Navy, and a thousand other ques-
tions, which it is desirable that this House should
act upon; but then is it proper, is it fair to men
who have opinions for or against propositions of
that sort, to compel them to vote pgainst an ap-
propriation bill, when one of those measures ob-
jectionable to them is ingrafted upon it; and that,
too, under the penalty of stopping the wheels of
Government, if the bill be defeated?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish to put a
question to my friend from Ohio. When in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress the Senate tacked upon an
appropriation bill a proviso for the abolition of
. the franking privilege, if I mistake not, my friend
i gave his vote for that amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. I have no recollection of that
fact.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman why it is he will not vote
for that proposition now? Then the amendment
was tacked 011 to an appropriation bill at a late
period of the session, and now the amendment is
] tacked on early in the session. I am willing to
I vote to abolish the franking privilege. I do not
! think that it is proper for the Senate to put on
such amendments at a late period in the session,
! but I see no kind of objection to their putting this
amendment 011 as they have at this early day of
the session.
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman
from New York. Near the close of the last Con-
gress it had become apparent, from frequent ex-
periments, that the House would not stand upon
the principle of excluding independent legislation
from the appropriation bills. We admitted it upon
various occasions, and we determined that wo
; would act upon general legislation in appropria-
! tion bills. But, sir, the Committee of Ways and
Meansof this new House nowpresentthe propo-
sition that, m their judgment, it is inexpedient to
tolerate independent legislation in appropriation
bills. For the purpose of testing the sense of the
House, and seeing whether we will exclude ex-
trinsic matter from the appropriation bills, I am
glad that the proposition has been presented.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. With the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, I will read
the 55th rule. It is as follows:
" No motion or proposition 011 a subject different from
that under consideration .shall be admitted under color of
amendment. X<i bill or lesolution shall, at any time, be
amended by anne.\in  theieto, 01 incoiporatins therewith,
any other bill or lesolution pending befoie the House.>'
That rule, in connection with the 81st rule,
makes a plain case against the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. STANTON. I voted to abolish the frank-
ing privilege at the last Congress, and toward the
close of that Congress. If the House is determ-
ined to incorporate independent legislation upon
appropriation bills, I will do so again under the
same circumstances. I take the position I do now,
at this early stage of the session, because here is
bill which" the exigencies of the postal service
require shall be passed immediately; the urgency
is quite as great as it could be at the close of a
session. Here are hundreds, peihaps thousands,
of public creditois, who are waiting upon the
action of this House, and demanding their just
dues, while we are discussing the wisdom and
propriety of a great question ot public policy—
the abolition of the franking privilege^ I believe,
sir, that it is a question which requires mature
consideration. I believe that it is one upon which
the public feel a great interest. 1 believe it is one
! upon which gentlemen upon all sides of the House
! should have'an opportunity of expressing their
I opinions. 1 believre that the urgency of the public
service, and the demands of the public creditors,
render it improper that we should delay action
upon this appropriation bill until that legitimate,
proper, and necessary discussion shall b'e had.
Gentlemen must see, Mr. Chairman, if we are
to adopt this system of legislation, and if we are to
leave our rules standing as they are, that we place
ourselves completely within the power of the Sen-
ate, and of committees of conference of the two
Houses. And, in addition to what the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] has said on the sub-
ject, I desire to call the attention of the House
(for there are many new members here) to the
manner in which appropriation bills are some-
times passed. I remember, in the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, that, during the last days of its exist-
ence, there came back from the Senate an appro-
priation bill with over one hundred amendments.
They went to the committee of conference, and
the committee reported to the House that tliey
had agreed to concur in fifty, and non-concur in
the other fifty. I rose in" my place and demanded
that the amendments in which it was proposed
wo should recede from our disagreement should
be read, and it was ruled that I had no right to
demand the reading of amendments upon which
I was required to vote. I had, sir, on that occa-
sion, to trust to my memory, although the amend-
ments of the Senate had never been read in the
House. The House did vote on more than one
hundred amendments, not one of which had ever
been read in the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I want to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether he does not
recollect that it is the fact that the great majority
of those one hundred amendments were on sub-
jects of independent legislation, tacked upon tin:
House bill by the Senate ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; that is always
the case—it is the uniform practice of the Senate.
Those amendments were not printed. The com-
mittee of conference only wrote them before they
came here, and there was no human possibility
of any mail knowing anything about what he was
votino- upon. I believe that those amendments
made°an addition of $10,000,000 for the Navy,
and I know there were some millions for the water
works. I recollect that very well.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, that we should have
a conference between the House and the Senate,
and that this question of general legislation 111 ap-
propriation bills should be thoroughly discussed,
! and, if possible, adjusted. I think that there
j ought to be a joint rule of the two Houses for
i some common mode in reference to the action of
| the two Houses, and determining what it is proper
and legitimate for us to do.
In regard to these two amendments, the first is
eminently proper, and, as an independent subject
of legislation, is one 011 which, I apprehend, there
would not be a serious difference of opinion. I
take it for granted that it will be pressed, 111 Some
form or the other, during this session. In regard
to the second amendment, there, is unquestion-
ably, a great difference of opinion. I am in favor
of it, so far as I am concerned, and for this rea-
son : I believe that the franking privilege is the
fruitful source of a thousand other evils, besides
the overloading of the mails with useless and un-
necessary matter. I am m favor of its abolition,
not because I desire to have the Post Office a self-
sustaining Department of the Government, for
about that I am comparatively indifferent. It is
not because I object to any specific abuse of the
franking privilege. I kno w. sir, that, it this Gov-
ernment is ever to be overthrown or undermined,
it will be by the corruption which results from
enormous expenditures.
Instead of expending $80,000,000, annually, I
believe that this Government ought to be carried
on for $40,000,000. Because we have the power
of frankmg books, ad libitum, whatever books Con-
gicss may deteimine to publish, it furnishes a
stroll"' reason why members should vote for the
publication of such books for distribution amongst
• their constituents as will answer the purposes ot
! electioneering fodder in the coming campaign—-to
1 vote for the publication of the reports of expedi-
tions, &c., that those who control nominating con-
! ventions are desirous to receive. Why do mem-
i' bers vote to publish Patent Office reports, reports
|1 of exploring expeditions, &c. ■? Because you want
ji thrni for (lectioneering documents; bccause veiy
|! respectable, intelligent gentlemen, who have great
