I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
36tii Cong. .. .1st Sess.
ff4
Property in Territories—Mr. Mason.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES,
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. MASON,
OP VIRGINIA,
In the Senate, JVay 18, 1860.
The Senate having under consideration the resolutions
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of March, affirming the
equality of the States, the right of the citizens of each State
to remove to the Territories with then property, and deny-
ing the right of Congress or a Ten itorial Legislature to dis-
criminate either in relation to persons or pioperty in the
Territories, and asserting the duty of affording protection
when experience shall prove that the judicial and execu-
tive authority do not possess mean* to insure adequate pro-
tection to constitutional rights in a Terutory—
Mr. MASON said:
Mr. President: I have not felt at liberty to
refrain from expressing the opinions which con-
trol my judgment on the resolutions before' the
Senate, because they involve questions not only
deeply interesting, but, as I consider, of vital im-
portance to my {State and to the section from
which I come.
It may be the sense of honorable Senators who
do not feci the force of these questions—as was
said a little while ago by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]—to treat them
as theoretic or as abstract, as topics which, in
this form, ought not to come before the Senate for
consideration; but we all know very well that it
has become the settled practice of the country, in
both Houses—perhaps more peculiarly in the
Senate—to deliberate 011 and to affirm or disaffirm
grave questions affecting constitutional right when
they arise; and more especially would it seem to
repel any idea that the questions involved in these
resolutions are of a light or .trivial import, when
we have seen the very disturbing iniluenee th.it
has been exercised within the last week or two
upon deliberations outside of this Chamber,where
representatives were assembled 111 convention
from every State in the Union to deliberate upon
matters of common interest to them, operating as
an element so disturbing as to separate entire
States from that convention.
Sir, there is a fable that impressed me in my
youth, and which may not be inapplicable to tl^c
vie\Vs which honorable Senators take of these
questions, of the wanton boys who collected on
the margin of the pond and were pelting the frogs
in the pond to death with stones. The remon-
strance made by one of those defenseless creatuies
was that, although it was sport to the boys, it
was death to the frogs. Sir, this may be sport,
or may be treated as matter of light or trivial im-
port, as a mere question of party division; but we
look upon it as a question involving npt only
constitutional right, but a rig)it indispensable to
be settled in order to insure the stability of this
Union.
The resolutions involve the relations that sub-
sist under the Constitution between the Territo-
ries of the United States and the States them-
selves; questions not merely of abstract interest,
but questions necessary to be settled in order to
define and ascertain those rights, and bnn^ them
into practical fruition. The honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] to whom I listened
with great interest and respect during the last two
days of the session, has piesented his views, not
only elaborately, but with great strength and
power, upon this very question of the relations
between the Territones and the States—views
from which I differ totally—views which, if cor-
rect and carried into effect, must rend asunder
existing party alliances and bring the southern
States to separate organization. They involve, of
necessity, a discussion upon, a minute inquiry
into, and a thorough understanding of, the rela-
tion which the occupants of a Territory bear to
the States of the Union; because a Territory, I
believe all admit, is a common property, belong-
ing just as much to one State as to any other; m
which all have equal rights, and in which the
Constitution requires that the rights of ail shall
be equally respected. Nor is it abstract; because
the very question has arisen before the country,
and is now depending in the legislation upon your
table.
Itinvol ves the constitutional control of the States
of the Union acting through the Federal Govern-
ment upon the Territories—a great principle—a
control affirmed on one side, and directly disaf-
firmed on the other. Now, what is it? The ter-
ritorial, or organic law, as it is called, is a law
passed by the Congress of the United States or-
ganizing a government in a Territory. The char-
acter of the organization; the powers that are con-
ferred upon the people of the Territory, and those
that are withheld from them; the mode in which
they are exercised, are all necessarily expressed
in that organic law. Some fifteen years ago, it
was claimed, by a majority in both Houses of
Congress, that, in passing a law creating and
establishing government in the Territories, Con-
gress had the power to create a disparity between
the States of the Union; that Congress had the
power to declare that one condition of society be-
longing to certain States of the Union—that of
African bondage—should not go into the Terri-
tories. Congress asserted that power as a consti-
tutional right. It is known in popular acceptation
as the Wilmot pj-oviso—the interdict denounced by
Congress in the organic law of the Territories
against the admission of African bondage into the
Territories. It was resisted to the best of their
ability, and in the" sternest manner, by the States
interested. They were overruled. Accordingto
my recollection, m more than one instance, cer-
tainly in organizing the Territory of Oregon, that
interdict was put in the law.
The southern States were deeply moved. They
felt not only that they were aggrieved, but that the
compact which they had entered into with the other
States had been violated to their wrong. There
was hardly a Legislature, if any, in the southern
States that did not express the sentiment of their
people on tins violation, as they considered, of the
great compact between the Slates—the Constitu-
tion. It resulted that men took counsel together.
In the year 1850, when it became necessary to or-
ganize new Territories, arising from the acquisi-
tions obtained at the close of the Mexican war, a
series of measures were projected in the Senate
affecting this condition of society, African bond-
age, in various forms, and were blended together
in one bill, including the organization of the new
Territories, which was termed by its friends a
great measure of compromise. I do not mean to
go further into that history than to exhibit its re-
sults. The bill failed to pass; and those various
measures were enacted separately, in various
forms. They passed, however, by the general
term ofcomptomise measures. I was one of those,
occupying a seat in this body, who disapproved of
many of those measures, and voted against them.
They were passed, however. In that legislation,
a new feature was introduced in the laws organ-
izing territorial governments. Congress refused
to put this interdict called the Wilmot proviso into
those bills: and, in organizing the legislative de-
partment of the Territory, gave to their Territorial
Legislature jurisdiction over all rightful subjects
of legislation consistent with the Constitution.
Subsequently, in 1854, the same question came
up again upon the necessity of organizing territo-
rial governments for Indian country that had been
redeemed from the hands of the Indians in Ne-
braska; and there were organized there two Ter-
iitories—one called Kansas, and the other Ne-'
braska. There was again an earnest desire amongst
those who counseled together upon the dangerous
questions involved in those territorial organiza- \
tions, so to adjust them as, whilst insuring the j
equal rights of all the States in the Territories, to I
withdraw their disturbing influences from the ;
Halls of Congress. !
In the Kansas-Nebraska act there was a pro-' j
vison intended, and which in my judgement was j
necessary to carry out fully the intent of the j
framers of the law. It was a provision to abrogate I
and annul a previous interdict which had been \
made upon those Territories by what was called
the Missouri line—a law that prohibited slavery
north of a certain parallel oflatitude. The scheme
of the laws of 1854 for Kansas and Nebraska, as
I understood them, was, 111 a fair spirit of adjust-
ment amongst those who really desired to get rid
of this very disturbing question, to transfer it to
where it legitimately belonged—to transfer it to
the Constitution of the United States; all parties
submitting that, if it was a constitutional right in
Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories,
they might concede the discretion to the Territo-
rial Legislature; but the question whether, under
the Constitution, this right existed or not, should
be referred to the courts, all parties agreeing, as I
understood, to abide by their decision;and the
law was modeled accordingly. To effect this, it
was necessary, in the judgment of those who
passed the law, to leave the question to the people
of the Territory, through the Territorial Legisla-
ture, with a provision contained in thelftW;(re-
modehpg to that extent former territorial laws)
by which the question should go before the Su-
preme Court of the United States. That was done.
The language of the law was of a peculiar char-
acter. voted for the law, and to that extent am
responsible for its language—no further.
A very distinguished and able Senator, who
then occupied a seat 011 this floor, and who isnow
no more, in terms somewhat of derision,spoke of,
it " as a law with a stump speech in its belly,"
because there were recitals in the law intended to
indicate the purpose of its framers. I have the
law here, and snail refer to it a moment. In the
fourteenth section there was a provision which
abrogates the Missouri compromise, so called.
The term " repeal," which is the ordinary word
to annul or revoke a preexisting statute, was not
used. It was the pleasure of those who framed
the law, to declare that the law was annulled, and
to assign the reason for it. The reason assigned
is. that it was " inconsistent with the principle of
non-intervention, by Congress with slavery in the
States and Territories, as recognized by the legis-
lation of 1850, commonly known as the compro-
mise measures." That is the reason assigned for
annulling the Missouri restriction, that it was in-
consistent with the principle of non-intervention
by Congress established in the compromise meas-
ures of 1850.
Now there are those on this side of the Cham-
ber who assign to this word " non-intervention "
a potent meaning, which, if correct, shows that it
was designed, (in the striking language of the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
who addressed us yesterday,) to paralyze the arm
of Congress in the exercise of its constitutional
duties. In other words, it was designed to dis-
able Congress in the discharge of duties imposed
upon it by the Constitution. Now, what was this
u non-intervention?" We cannot know to what
the term refers unless we first examine what the
intervention was that it was intended to prelude.
Congress had intervened in previous laws to pro-
hibit slavery m the Territories. It had intervened
in 1820, by passing the Missouri restriction. It
had intervened agatn in passing the Wilmot pro-
viso. It had established as the law of the ques-
tion, so far as the will of Congress went, that
slavery should not bo carried into the Territories.
That was the intervention that was to be disaf-
firmed by this " non-intervention; " otherwise it
could not have any meaning. Its purpose and
policy were to leave, as the statute expressed in
another section, all questions of every kind—this
question of African bondage among the rest—to
the occupants of the Territory met in their legis-
lative halls—to transfer it from Congress to the
Territorial Legislature. The language is very
broad, and I am prepared to give to it its fullest
meaning. In the twenty-fourth section the lan-
guage is:
u That tli* legislative powerof the Territory shall extend
to all iightful subject5* of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States, and the provisions of
tins act."
And again, 111 the thirtieth section, itis declared
that
aTl>e true intent and meaning of this act being not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof peifeetiy free
to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way. subject only to the Constitution of the United States*"
And to remove every possible doubt—a doubt
that I never entertained, but it was entertained,
and gravely entertained, by very able men—to
remove every possible doubt whether the Consti-
tution of the united States was the law of the
Territory as it was the law of the States, the bill
enacts the Constitution as the law of the Territory.
Then I am free to admit as my interpretation of
this law, that it was intended to remove this ques-
tion from Congress, and to remit it to the people
