318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
    t
[May 18,
36th Cong.... 1st
Property in Territories—-Mr. Mason.
Senate.
of the Territories, to prohibit slavery or not, as
the Constitution mightadmit—nofurther. Iknow
that those with whom I counseled—wise and able
men from the section of the country from which
I come, chiefly interested in the disposition of
this question—deliberated a long time—not alone
when the Nebraska bill was introduced, but years
before, in 1849-50—whether, with due regard to
the rights of the States, we could consentto make
this question, which was really a political one, a
question for the arbitrament of the courts. It is,
in truth, a political question; so treated on all
hands by parties in this country, in their strug-
gles for political power; and we deliberated long
and maturely upon the propiiety of referring such
a question to the arbitrament of the courts; but
we did it. We were not bound to do it. It is a
question of political law, not of municipal law—
a question upon which the States, as sovereign
powers, were entitled to stand upon their sover-
eign rights, and to be each its own arbiter. We
never doubted that; but in order to preserve the
peace of the- Union; and, in the confident belief
that we were right in our reading of the law of the
Constitution, it was agreed, as early as 1850, and
under the counsels of that very learned and able
jurist and statesman, Mr. Calhoun, to make it,
although apolitical question, a subject for judicial
determination. It was done in a bill, that was
called at the time the Clayton bill—a bill intro-
duced, and a committee raised upon it, in 1850, on
the motion of the late Senator from Delaware, also
one of the most able and intelligent men of his
day. The bill passed the Senate, but it was lost
in the House of Representatives, and thus not
enacted into law.
We again agreed, in 1854, in organising the new
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, to carry out
the same principle, to concede the political right
of the sovereign States in the South to treat it as
apolitical question, to be determined for them-
selves,and,m deference to thcpeaceof theUmon,
to refer the question to the courts, with an agree-
ment to abide by the decision. We agreed fur-
ther, as necessary to curry out the spirit of the
law, that Congress should not intervene. How?
Should not intervene by legislating' upon the ques-
tion thus remitted to the people of the Territories;
and that any law passed by the Territorial Le-
gislatures should be respected or not, ns the Su-
preme Court should determine the constitutional
power. Ifdetermined against the South, we agreed
to abide by it, and the law should stand. Hut if
determined in favor of the South, that we should
have the bonofitof the decision and the law stricken
from the statute-book. That is the true position
of tin; question under the Kansas-Nebraska law.
The interdict to be respected by Congress, if de-
clared by the Supreme Court to be warranted by
the Constitution. To be removed if not so war-
ranted. The idea that Congress, in any form, ab-
dicated its constitutional control over the Terri-
tories, was never pretended, if it could have been
conceived.
Well, sir, that is non-intervention. We and
Congress, so far as I recollect since the passage
of that law, have not attempted to intervene. No
law has been proposed here to prohibit slavery m
the Territory of Kansas. It happened that very
soon after the passage of this law in 1854, the
very questionalose contemplatedin its policy, and
was carried to the Supreme Court in a case which
has become so celebrated since as the case of Ored
Scott. That it did not arise under a territorial
law is very certain; but it arose under the Mis-
souri law of 1820, which was a law prohibiting
slavery in the Territories north of a certain line.
It was a case that necessarily tested, and is ad-
mitted on all hands to have tested, the power of
Congress to prohibit African slavery in the Terri-
tories. All agreed to that. It was carried to the
Supreme Court; and the Supreme Court, by its
decision, after elaborate, argument and great delib-
eration, in a well-considered opinion, pronounced
by that venerable and learned man who presides
in the court as the Chief Justice, propounded the
law of the case, and the power of Congress to
prohibit slavery in the Territories was disaffirmed
absolutely, unequivocally, without qualification.
I know it has been said by honorable Senators,
as by others, that the question did not come judi-
cially before the court, that the case turned upon
questions of pleading and of jurisdiction, and that
the decision made by the court upon this right in
Congress was extra-judicial and obiter. I can only
answer to that, the Supreme Court decided other-
wise. In the opinion of the Chief Justice these
very objections are canvassedand overruled—de-
clared unfounded—the court deciding that this
very question of constitutional right or power was
immediately before it, and the decision of the court
made immediately upon it. Such is unquestion-
ably the ruling of the court. "
Now, then, where do we stand? Honorable
Senators have said here that we were under an
engagement of honor to abide by this judgment.
Agreed; and we are further under the engagement
of the law itself, which with law-abiding citizens
is a paramount engagement. We voted for the
law intending to abide by it fairly; and the de-
cision made, we have a right to exact the same
obligation from others, against whom it operates.
Since that decision, however, a doctrine has
grown up, or rather has assumed shape and char-
acter, ascribing to the people in a Territory some
inherent power in them as a political community
independent of Congress and the Government of
the United States—sovereignty; what has been
termed by one of the ablest vindicators of this
doctrine, the honorable Senator from Illinois, in
a very elaborate thesis that ho wrote upon this
subject after the decision of the Supreme Court,
" popular sovereignty in the Territories." That
is the designation lie has given to it in his pamph-
let, which I have here, reprinted from Harper's
Magazine. Why, sir, it is a solecism in mind, if
not in language. What is sovereignty? Every-
body understands that who has advanced beyond
the horn-book of the publicists. There is no diffi-
culty in defining it and comprehending it. Sov-
ereignty is supieme power, let it be lodged where
it may—suprema lex. The will of the sovereign
is the law of the subject.
Where does it exist in our country? In the
Government of the United States' No. No man
who respects his judgment, either as a jurist or
a statesman, will affirm it. It is here in the coun-
try beyond all question. It does not reside in the
Federal Government. It does not reside in the
people of the United States as such; but yet it is
here potent, and its voice fult every day in the
government of the country. Sovereignty in this
country resides in the people of the several States
as separate States, and as separate and distinct
political communities—nowhere else. The sov-
ereignty of my honored State of Virginia is pure
and simple, as is that of the contiguous State of
Kentucky; but the sovereignty of Virginia is one
thing, and the sovereignty of Kentucky is another
thing, entirely distinct. The Government formed
by the Constitution of the United States is the
act of these sovereigns, acting separately each for
itself. These resolutions affirm that proposition.
The Constitution of the United States, which
brought into being the Government of the United
States, is the act of these sovereigns, each- for it-
self, entering into a common Government by com-
pact; and thus it has been said, and well said, by
honorable Senators who have preceded me—the
honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall]
and the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis]—that the Government of the United States
is nothing but the agency of the " States." It is
through the Government of the United States that
these sovereigns speak their will. The will of the
Constitution is their will. The law of the Con-
stitution has no binding obligation on earth upon
any citizen of this country; but it is the will of
the separate sovereigns to whom those citizens are
subject. The Government, then, is but an agenev;
it lias no sovereign power whatever. W'hen "it
passes a law, that law is supreme. There is no
doubt about that. Every act of the Federal Gov-
ernment is a supreme act; and why? Because the
sovereigns who created the agency made it so, and
for no other reason. The Constitution on its face
declares that laws made pursuant to the Consti-
tution shall be the supreme law of the land. The
will promulged through the law is not that of the
Government; it is the will of those who made
the Government—the sovereign States.
Now, sir, that being, as I understand, the true
relation in which the States stand to each other
under this common Government, what is the re-
latiorf^hat a Territory, so called, bears to the
States and to the Constitution ? The first Terri-
tory that was acquired after the Constitution was
adopted was the Territory of Louisiana. It was
purchased by this agency of the States—the Fed-
eral Government—in a bargain called a treaty be-
tween France and the Government of the United
States. France was a sovereign Power. The
will of the King of France was the supreme law
of the subject of France, whether that will was
made known to the subject on the continent of
Europe, or in the territory of France in the wilds
of America; and thus by will of France, through
this treaty, the property in the territory which had
been the property of Fiance passed—where? To
the Government of the United States as a prop-
erty in the Government? No; it passed to the
States, and became the property of the States, as
sovereigns treating with a sovereign, and acquir-
ing jt through a common agency.
This is not a mere dispute about terms. The
immense territory thus acquired became the prop-
erty of the States, subject to the constitutional
engagements subsisting between the States and
its inhabitants—passed under the dominion of the
States, to be exercised through the Federal Con-
stitution. If this be not so, then it would become
the property of the agent, independent of the prin-
cipal, to be ruled and used at its pleasure. It be-
came the property of the States. The title vested
certainly in the agent of the States, but as the
trustee for the true owners; a trust to be admin-
istered under the Constitution for the benefit of
the proprietors—those sovereign States, who were
together represented under a common agency, the
Federal Government.
Well, sir, the property was transferred. What
else was transferred? Dominion. Thatis known
to every writer on public law. When a sovereign
acquires a territory, he acquires dominion as well
as property; not the right to the soil only, but the
dominion overit—the imperium. That is granted.
Nobody doubts that. The dominion is transferred;
and ns a sovereign only can exercise dominion, it
results that the Federal Government takes the title
only as the agent of the States, and the dominion
passes directly to them. Where else can itgo than
to the States? The dominion, which is the cri-
terion of sovereignty, when France departed with
it over Louisiana, could pass only to the States;
because with them the sovereignty resided. The
dominion thus vested in the States can be exercised
only, it is true, through the Government, as their
constitutional agency; but still it is the dominion
of the States, not of the Government.
When Mr. JcfFersonacquired Louisiana, every-
body who is conversant with the history of the
country knows that he entertained very serious
doubts of the constitutional power of the Govern-
ment to acquire it. It was a new case, but a very
urgent one. It was urgent because of the imperi-
ous necessity to the welfare and growth of the
western country that the United States should
exercise dominion over the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, the great outlet of the West. Mr. Jeffer-
son took the responsibility with very grave doubts,
and made the treaty. There was room for grave
doubt. It was a novel question, and a very try-
ing one to the characterof our Government. The
Chief Justice, in his opinion in the Drcd Scott
case, I think very ably and very satisfactorily,
reasoning upon the intendments of the Constitu-
tion, as well as its enactments, reconciles the
power in this Government to acquire territory
by reference to the power to admit new States,
and rests it entirely upon the latter.
The opinion of the court rests the right to ac-
quire territory upon power given to Congress by
tne Constitution to admit new States. It could
not admit new States without acquiring new ter-
ritory. The Northwest Territory, which had
been then acquired by the Government, had been
ceded by the State of Virginia before the Consti-
tution was formed,and was transferred when the
Government was changed. There was an ex-
pectation of other concessions of territory from
other States. The power to form new States was
not limited to territory then the property of the
States, but was broad and general. In my judg-
ment, I fully concur with the Chief Justice, that
the power to acquire territory is necessarily de-
rived from the power to admit new States. When
