I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31#
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Mascm.
Senate.
the territory is acquired, the dominion follows
from necessity.
it had for a long time been supposed, anc^the
opinion is still entertained by many intelligent
minds, that the dominion which the Government
has over a Territory thus acquired is derived
from the clause in the Constitution which gives
to Congress the power " to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the
territory or other property belonging to the Uni ted
States.'' That source of power is distinctly dis-
claimed inr the opinion of the court, and well dis-
•laimed. The reasoning of the court, in my judg-
ment, is iirefrt.gable. The court show that that
tjausi; was intended to apply only to Territories
then pertamirg O the States, and had no pros-
pective or ulteuor application. Finding thus a
constitutional power to acquire territory in the
right to admit new States, the court assumed, as
it was bound to assume, that when the territory
was acquired the dominion followed. A case of
the insurance company vs. Canter had been de-
cided in the Supreme Court, which had been relied
upon more than once as confining this power to
govern i he Territories to the clause quoted from the
Constitut'on. The Chief Justice reviews it with
great ability, and shows that'such was not the
proper construction to be placed on the judgment
of the c^uit in the case of the insurance company
vs. Canter. The Chief Justice, in the Dred Scott
decision in reviewing that case, quotes the lan-
guage in tbe case of Canter thus:
"fnthe nomtime Florida continues to be a Territory of
the United States, governed by that clause of the Constitu-
tion whii'h c npowers Congress to make all needful rules
and regulutn.is respecting the Territory or oilier property
, of the Unit* d States. Perhaps the power of governing a
Tenitory be ongirig to the United States, which lias not,
by becoming a State, acquiied the means of self-govern-
ment, may icsult, necessarily, irom the facts that it is not
within the jurisdiction of any particular State, and mvithm
the power and jurisdiction of the United States. The right
to govern ma : be the inevitable consequence ot the right
to acquire tenitory. Whichever may he the source Jrom
which the power is derived ^ the possession of it ii> imqueUitm-
able."
That was the decision of the court in the Can--5
tercase. Tt was referred either to the clause of
the Constitution quoted, to the fact that if the
United States did not govern it no other govern-
ment could, because it was not within the limits
of any other, or that it was the inevitable conse-
quence of the acquisition; but the court concludes
as the point actually decided, that from whatever
source the power was derived, its possession was
unquestionable. The language is:
"Whichever may be the source from which the power
is derived, the possession of it is unquestionable."
Thepossession of what? The possession of the
power to govern the Territories when they are ac-
quired b^ the United States. To govern them—
how? «As the sovereign power governs the sub-
ject. The will of the sovereign power is the law of
the Territory just as much as the law of the King
of France is at tins day the law of the subjects of
Franco, or the law of the Parliament of England
is the law of the subjects of England. The will
of the sovereign States under the Constitution is
the law of the Territories, of necessity. The court
goes on to say, in the Dred Scott ease:
"it is thus clear, from the whole opinion on this point,
that the court did not mean to decide whether the power
was derived iiom the clause in the Constitution, or was the
necessary consequence of the right to acquire. They do
decide that the power in Congress is unquestionable, and
in this we entiiely concur; and nothing will be found m
this opinion to the contrary. The power stands firmly on
the latter alternative put by the court—that is, as ' the in-
evitable consequence oj the right to acquire territory.' "—19
Howard's Reports, pp. 442, 443.
There the power is affirmed by the highest ju-
dicial tribunal in the land, and upon reasoning
that cannot be assailed, to exist in the Government
of the United States to govern the Territories—
power derived only from the States as sovereigns.
Whatis the doctrine nowasto this " popular sov-
ereignty in the Territories?51 In some recent pub-
lications, put out by very able men in the southern
States, this claim of popular sovereignty in the
Territories is tersely and strongly called " a con-
stitutional impossibility." Any sovereignty in
the Territories is a constitutional impossibility,
because there cannot be two wills, two sovereigns
exercising jurisdiction over the same subject. It
is exclusive necessarily. This dogma, then, of
" popular sovereignty in the Territories, "is noth-
ing more than a pretense, that notwithstanding
by the law of 1854 this political question was
referred to the arbitrament of the court, and not-
withstanding the court has disaffirmed thatpower,
both in the Congress and in the Territories, yet
that it still exists in the -Territories under some
guise of popular sovereignty, of force to annul
or evade both the authority of Congress and the
courts.
Why, Mr. President, popular sovereignty can
have but one meaning. It is the doctrine of Amer-
ican law, that legitimate sovereignty, rightful
sovereignty, can reside only in the people. In
Europe, it has been traced to other sourccs. In
their distresses, to reinvigorate a decaying roy-
alty, they used to trace it to a Divine origin, that
it was the immediate gift of the Almighty to the
sovereign and his successors. They endeavored,
in wresting it from the true source—the people—
to ascribe its presence in the ruler to the mandate
of Deity, the Divine right of kings. But, what-
ever it is, it can exist but in one place, and be
with but one depository. I think the good sense
of the country will unite with the concurrent judg-
ment of the jurists of the country, that, by pop-
ular sovereignty, they mean a sovereignty" that
resides in the people, constituting a political
community. That is popular sovereignty. That
is the sovereignty of the people. It is misapplied,
it is a misnomer, it is a il constitutional impossi-
bility," from the form of our Government, and the
constituent parties to it, that sovereignty ruling
the Territories can reside anywhere but in the
people of the States, to be exercised through the
constitutional forms of the Government; and if
that be true, it cannot be admitted to the people
of.thc Territories, or any portion of them.
1 understand, though, the honorable Senator,
who is the Corypheus of this doctrine of 4'popular
sovereignty in the Territories," to say, that when
people are m a Territory without an organic law,
they have no sovereign power; but that there is
some attribute of sovereign power acquired to
them when they become, by a law of Congress,
organized into a territorial government; how or
why we were not told. What stimulant or effect,
what plastic power is exercised by the organic
act m infusing sovereignty into a Territory when
it was not there before, we were not informed.
What is the organic law? A law of Congress
organizing a government in a Territory. On
almost every page of the law there is a distinct
repudiation of any sovereignty in the people of
a Territory. Take the law of 1854. 'JLho legis-
lative authority is committed to the persons who
are to be elected j,n the mode prescribed by the
law. The will of the people, through their legis-
lative power, is to be respocted as law because
Congress ordained, not because the people of the
Territory ordained it. Sovereignty in the peo-
ple is self-government by the people, if it means
anything; but here the only political power they
exercise under the organic act, is the legislative
power, and they derive that by an act of the Con-
gress of the United States. "the act itself is the
negation of any idea of sovereignty in the people
of the Territoiies!
But, further, do the people of aTerritory choose
their own Governor, or do they elect their judges,
or do they even determine how the Governor shall
be chosen, or how the judges shall be appointed?
ifo. The Governor is appointed, at the com-
mand of Congress, by the President of the Uni-
ted States, and the judges are appointed, at the
command of Congress, by the President of the
United States, without any reference whatever to
the will of the people of the Territory. Therefore,
to tell me that, in the organic law, there is given
to the people of the Territories anything that ap-
proaches to sovereignty,is an abuse of terms. The
organic law is a repudiation of any sovereignty
in the people of a Territory. The Governor of
the Territory is not only appointed by the Presi-
dent, without any regard to the will or to the
choice of the people of the Territory, but the
organic law gives him a veto on the legislative
mind of the Territory. He has the light, under
the power given to him by Congress, to veto the
legislative will of the people of the Territory.
And more than that, he is the officer of the Fed-
eral Government, not the officer of the people of
the Territory. He is responsible to the Federal
Government, and not to the people of the Terri-
tory; and if, in the judgment of the President, he
fails to exercise that veto, in order to keep the
people of the Territory in their legislation within
the constitutional pale, the President vetoes the
Governor, and puts him out of office. Tell me
after this, that by that organization,-there is im-
parted, in any form, to any extent, anything like
sovereignty to the people of a Territory!
Now, Mr. President, to come back to this im*
putation—perhaps that is too strong a term—to
this suggestion of something like want of faith in
those who reason as 1 do, that power not only"
resides in Congress to control the Territories in
everything pertaining to law, but that, when an
occasion arises, it is their duty to exercise it.
The honorable Senator from Illinois says*if you
do, you not only violate the law which prohibits
intervention by Congress, but you violate honor-
able engagements which have been entered into
outside of Congress, m the organization of the
parties of the day, as evinced by the platform
adopted at Cincinnati, when this term "non-in-
tervention "was used pretty much in the language
of the statute of 1854. Sir, I have said already
that I abide by that statute to the fullest extent;
that we who agreed to this form of legislation for
the Territories to preserve the peace of the coun-
try, are bound by it, not only by the law, but by
honorable engagements; but when the casus fced-
eris has arisen; when the question, there with-
held from the people of a Territory, withheld •
from Congress, and referred to the courts, is'de-
cided against the people of the Territory, and that
people refuse to conform, I indignantly deny that
the hands of Congress are tied up by this doc-
tiine of non-intervention. That is th a casus feeder is
—the case provided for. If it has occurred; if the
question reserved from the people and from Con-
gress and submitted to the court, has been decided
by the court, and the people of the Territory re-
fuse to conform to it, I insist that it is the duty
of Congress to exercise its whole power to make
them conform.
Itis strange,indeed, thatanysensible men, deal-
ing with a vital and a living question of this sort,
affecting the integrity, the prosperity, and the very
honor of the section of the country from which
they come, the States which they represent, could
have made any compact that was to paralyze the
arm of Government when invoked to enforce the
Constitution and the laws. The case has arisen;
tfte judgment of the arbiter has been given. Itis
declared, in solemn judgment, by the Supreme
Court, that Congress has no power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories; and the court goes fur-
ther, in declaring asacorollaryfromthatposition,
that as Congress possessed no such power, the
Territories could not have it, for whatever power
they had, was derived from Congress. The court
" And if the Constitution recognizes the right of property
of the master in a slave, and makes no distinction between
that description of property and other property owned by a
citizen, no tribunal, acting under the authority of the Uni-
ted Stares, whether it be legislative, executive, or judicia#,
has a right to draw such a distinction, or deny to it the bene-
litot the provisions and guarantees which hav£ been pro-
vided for tiie protection or private property against the en-
cioachments of the Government."—19 Howard's Reports,
p. 4ol.
If it be true, and I hardly suppose it is a de-
batable question, that the people of a Territory,
under their organic law—the people of Kansas, for
instance—have no political power but what they
derive from the organic law, and thus from Con-
gress, Congress could not impart to them greater
poweis than Congress possessed; and although
Congress has committed to them power over all
rightful subjects of legislation, when it is decided
that a prohibition of slavery is not competent to
Congress, it is equally decided thatit is not com-
petent to the Territory; otherwise the creature
would be of greater power than the creator. The
court has said, in terms, that no authority derived
from the Congress of the United States can draw
these distinctions between slave property or any
other property, or deprive the owner of the ben-
efit of the guarantees of the Constitution.
Now then, sir, my view is this: the only ques-
tion of difference amongst any of us was the dis-
position of the question of slavery in tfie Terri-
tories. it has been the only question of difference
