1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
pended for mail-bags, &c. That amendment
simply provided that the money there appropri-
ated should not be expended for ccrtain purposes
which we claimed it had been used for, and it was,
therefore, germane to the bill, and in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman says that prop-
osition was in order; then, sir, the amendment
how under consideration is also in order, which
provides the manner in which the money appro-
priated for printing Post Office blanks shall be
applied.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that there is, at least, this
difference: this amendment docs not regulate the
application of any money appropriated in this
bill. This is a deficiency bill. Now, sir, the Post
Office blanks, for the period to which these appro-
priations apply, have all been printed, and this
money is to pay for printing which has been done.
The proposition is, therefore, a simple law apply-
ing to the future, repealing existing laws and fix-
ing a new regulation fbr printing these blanks in
future.
Mr. BOCOCK. I say, sir, that the proposition
I read a little while ago, and which was moved
as an amendment to an appropriation bill at that
time, did in fact change existing law, because it
changed the manner in which the money appro-
priated was to be applied, and prevented it from
being applied to certain purposes to which, at that
time, it was required to be applied.
But, sir, to come back. I ask why we shall
not do this. Gentlemen say that it is in oppo-
sition to our rules. I say that it is not in oppo-
sition to the rules of the Senate. The Senate
have put it on here in compliance with the law of
that body, and what right have we to say to the
Senate, because this thing is not in order in the
House of Representatives, that the Senate shall
not be allowed to exercise that privilege? Why,
do not gentlemen see that we would involve our-
selves in a controversy with the Senate ? Suppose
the Senate-insist upon their privileges, and say
that this bill shall not go through unless they be
permitted to exercise their privilege. "VVe know
what was done at the last session of Congress on
the PostOffice appropriation bill. We know, Mr.
Chairman, on the proposition you introduced into
the House, which seemed to the Senate, at least, to
be an infringement upon their rights—the rights
of a coordinate branch of the Government—that
they refused to be dictated to by this House. I
say, then, sir, that this thing would involve us in
a controversy with the Senate, in regard to the
respective privileges of the two Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. Chairman, it would do more. And huic I
come to reply to the argument of my friend and
colleague, [M%. Millson.] He said that, if we
permit this thing to go on, the Senate will become
a great legislative power of this Government; thnt
it will have the control of the legislation of this
country. How he made that'out, I cannot per-
ceive. Wo originate bills, and we can amend the
amendments of the Senate. We have an equal
voice in committees of conference; and unless we
choose to pass favorably upon their reports, these
reports can never become laws, even if the Senate
does act favorably upon them. The argument
applies precisely the other way. If the Senate
has not the right to incorporate amendments of
this land, then the power of the Senate, as a coor-
dinate branch of the Government, is struck down.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] knows well
that, in every appropriation bill brought up here
year after year, some independent legislation has
been incorporated. You can hardly take one of
them in which some legislation has not been in-
corporated, changing existing law. The bill goes
to the Senate, and then, if the Senate have not the
right to amcnd'it, and to ado. whatever provisions
they may deem proper relating to the same sub-
ject, their power is destroyed; the Senate becomes
a mere body of revisal.
The gentleman from Ohio admits that, to any
clause embraced in an appropriation bill, it is in
order to move an amendment restricting the man-
ner in which the money appropriated shall be ap-
plied. This amendment of the Senate does no
more than toextendthat restriction tofutiucycars.
It provides that the money appropriated for the
printing of Post Office blanks shall hereafter be
appropriated to pay the lowest bidder for that
work.1 It is so much akin to what would be done
here; it is so legitimate and proper in itself; it
comcs so completely within the scope and range
of this appropriation bill, that it seems to me that,
as a question of law and of expediency,we ought
to pass it. I am reminded that section second of
this bill appropriates §4,000,000 for the current
year. Then, sir, this amendment, according to
the view of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] is strictly in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. That very view presents
itself naturally, and I will give a conclusive an-
swer to it. The blanks for the current year have
already been printed, as we are informed. If the
gentleman will change the amendment of the Sen-
ate so as to apply it to the current year, and to limit
the mode and the manner of printing the Post
Office blanks for this current year, then his remark
is corrcct; but the amendment of the Senate is a
new proposition—not a qualification of a previous
clause, but an additional section providing for the
future, and for a change of the existing law. I
think that this amendment ought to prevail in
some form, but I say that it ought not to prevail
here. Let us do our duty strictly, and now get
rid of this printing business and this abolition of
the franking privilege, and let them be referred for
consideration to the appropriate committees.
Mr. BOCOCK. I think that the gentleman's
argument does not meet the point that I have
made; and if it does, it goes upon a fact not before
the House. vWhy is it that the Post Office blanks
have already been printed, when the money has
not been appropriated ? Are we to be anticipated
in that way ? Is the power of this House thus to
be cut off by the precipitate action of the Govern-
ment employes?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not here to defend the
Post Office Department or any of the employes of
this Government. I leave that for the gentleman.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will not defend them unless
they do right. I know the Post Office Depart-
ment is under the control of my party. I know
the gentleman very well; he is never here to de-
fend a Democrat, or to attack anything upon his
own side. I am here for justice and right, and I
will oppose a Democrat if he is wrong as quickly
as I would one of the opposite party.
The gentleman admits when we appropriate
money that we can restrict the manner in. which
that money shall be applied. Are we to be pre-
vented from making this proposed restriction be-
cause we arc told that our action has been antici-
pated ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that the gentleman
from Virginia has fallen into an error upon that
precise point. It was impossible for the Post Of-
fice Department to get along without this printing,
just as it was impossible for it to get along with
the mail service without appropriations, unless
they did so upon the idea and the faith that Con-
gress would supply the money when itassembled.
it was just as material, just as vital to the exist-
ence of the mail service that these blanks should
be printed and contracted for, as it was that the
usual mail routes should be continued, notwith-
standing no appropriation for the purpose was
made at the last session. I think, therefore, that
the head of the Department is wholly excusable,
unless it is the opinion of my friend from Vir-
ginia that, because of the failure of Congress io
appropriate at the last session the usual Post Of-
fice appropriations, the mail service ought to have
been discontinued altogether.
Mr. BOCOCK. The blanks required up to this
time were, of course, very properly ordered to be
printed; but the gentleman from Ohio says that
enough have been printed to last for this fiscal
year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the law to be
this: that the Post Office Department shall let out
the printing of these blanks for the year just as it
lets out the mail service upon the several mail
routes. The Post Office Department is author-
ized, under existing laws, to make contracts for
printing all its blanks. It has done no more than
thut; it has done no more than to execute its duty
under the law; and without doing that, the ser-
vice of that Department must necessarily have
suffered.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Ohio, by
the way of answering an argument I submitted,
has stated that particular things have been done
by the Post Officc Department. We do not know
how fur they have gone, and that is the difficulty
under which we labor; matters have been brought
in, the certainty of which we cannot understand.
It is enough to know, by the confession of that
gentleman himself, that when we have money bills
under consideration, wo have aright to say how the
money appropriated by them shall be applied. All
the Senate have done is, acting in the spirit of that
power, to say that we shall limit in a particular
way, not only the money appropriated this year,
but that which shall be appropriated in future
years. And I say that the action of the Senate is
so much in conformity with the spirit of this bill,
so reasonable and right in itself, that I do not see
why gentlemen should object to this feature of
legislation.
There is another amendment to this bill upon
which I wish to say a word or two. If geiftlemen
over the way have not made up their minds upon
the subjcct, they may very properly say, that as
it is an important amendment, they ought not to
be called upon to pass upon it in this bill; and if
it is rejected upon that ground, we can go to the
Senate and tell them that it is a matter of too much
importance for us to be required to actupon it in
so brief a time as must be given to the considera-
tion of this bill. But yet, if a majority of this *
House have made up their minds that the aboii- 1
tion of the franking privilege is the true policy of
this Government, I do not see why we should not
be permitted to pass it, because that, too, is in con-
formity with the spirit of this bill. It is providing
additional money to carry on the Post Office De-
partment; at any rate, it is cutting off a tax upon
the Post Office Department.
What is the position of my colleague [Mr. Mill-
son] in relation to this subject? He talks sneer-
ingly and ironically about its being a privilege.
And what reason does the gentleman give why it
is not a privilege ? Because it requires labor; sim-
ply, because it requires labor, and that voluntary
labor, upon the part of members of Congress. I
might say to my colleague, that if I would cut off
his privilege of going home to dinner, in the same
spirit, I might prove that it was not a great priv-
ilege, because it requires him to walk from the
Capitol to his boaruing-housc. I might cut off
his privilege of going to the stores and shops of
this city, to obtain supplies for himself and family,
and might say, "a great privilege that, to take
his Saturdays and evenings, which he ought to
employ in preparing himself for the ^business of
a member of Congress, in going around to the
stores and determining what is good broadcloth
and what is bad broadcloth, what is good sugar
and what is bad sugar." [Laughter.] Privilege!
The gentleman speaks of it, too, as a public duty.
I know my colleague is as conscientious a man as
any upon this floor; yet, does he confine his frank-
ing privilege strictly to legitimate matters of public
business ? When he writes a letter upon private
business, does he not exorcise his franking priv-
ilege ? When he writes to his friends about his
own election—he writes very few such letters, I
suppose—or when he writes to a friend about the
condition of tilings at home, or things here, and
he exercises the franking privilege,! ask hym is
that a burden, or is it a privilege ?
Again, my colleague is a very just man, and
goes for equal rights to all people; he is a broad,
catholic, national Democrat, and goes for the
equal rights of all sections of the Union; equal
rights to everybody and to every district in the
country; but docs he send these documents to
all his constituents? Nobody does it. I claim to
be as impartial in the bestowment of this favor as
any gentleman upon this floor, for I send to both
enemies and friends to some extent, but I know
I cannot send documents to all my constituents.
Some have to be excluded. So this franking
privilege necessarily enures to the benefit of a
few, and that few are special friends. When you
frank your own speeches and your own letters,
does that benefit enure to the entire community,
or to particular friends, the proteges of a'member
of Congress? Is it right, then, to charge upon
all the people of the whole country a burden, for
the purpose of allowing members of Congress to
send special favors to their special friends ? Is
that right' Is it Democratic? Is it just?
But the gentleman says incidental benefits re-
sult from this thing, and therefore the Post Office
Department ought to sustain it; that on account
of this incidental benefit the whole mass of the
community ought to" be required to pay a portion
