THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 1860.
New Series No. 170i;>
honorable gentleman from Oi^io can convince this
intelligent assemblage arourtd him of the excel-
lencies and propriety of taking a good mint-julep,
if we could only get it in the neighborhood, I
would listen to him with great pleasure. I think
such remarks would be more germane than any
other suggestions that could be made on this oc-
casion.
Mr. STANTON. What I am saying I am say-
ins: in proper seriousness,
'Mr. HILL. As to the seriousness of this oc-
casion, ! desire to say 
Mr. STANTON. I suppose I have the floor.
Mr. HILL. Does the House expect gentlemen
to get up at this hour and come to this House 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Georgia is not in order; the gentleman from
Ohio lias the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order on
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope there will be no
more points of order raised on the gentleman.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman from Ohio has
been arraigned here for a dereliction of the dignity
of the House; and, so far from excusing himself,
and from coming here ill a decent spirit, he pro-
ceeds to arraign the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order of the gentleman from ||
Maryland. The gentleman from Ohio is now dis- ji
charged from arrest. He has paid his fees, and j
so far his remarks are germane. i)
Mr. HUGHES. My point of order, Mr. j:
Speaker, is, that this gentleman, one of the oldest !i
members of the House, so far from appearing a  jj
the bar of the House in a proper spirit, comes !|
here in a spirit of contumacy while we are insist- ij
ing on a great principle, which we must decide i;
before we adjourn. 'j
The SPEAKER pre tempore. The Chair must |i
overrule the point of order.
Mr. STANTON. 1 am stating what I think
legitimate and proper. I want the people to hear
what I say to gentlemen here, if they are not in
temper to listen to it. I say that the uniform and
^settled practice of this House, from the begin-
ning of the session, has been that, after we have
had a business session of five, six, seven, or eight
hours, and after we have postponed the business
to another day and gone into the Committee ot the
Whole on the state of the Union, and gentlemen
have engaged m making speeches, not upon any
question before the House, but for the purpose
of distnliuting to the count!y their views. 
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
will state his point of order very briefly.
Mr. HUGHES. Certainly; I will be very
brief. The point of order is, tliat the gentleman
from Ohio is called upon to make an apology for
being absent, and instead of that he is justifying
himself.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The case of the
gentleman from Ohio has been decided some time
since. The case of the gentleman fiom New York
is now before the House.
Mr. STANTON. What. I have to say is this:
that evury member had a right to suppose, ac-
cording to the uniform habit and usage of this
House from the commencement of the session,
that when the House had resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
there would be no more business done.
Mr. HILL. I call the gentleman to order. He
is here before the House, as I have been myself
and as other gentlemen have been, and he seems
to have nothing else to answer to the House, ex-
cept that we have been here an unusually long
time. We have no right to suppose that no bus-
iness would be done so long as the House is in
session, and we ought to be here from eleven
o'clock one day until eleven o'clock the next day
if the business required it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The gentleman from
Ohio is in order. ' . , .
Mr. STANTON. What I hare to say is tins—
and I submit that it would be well for gentlemen
to think about the thing a little—that, according
to the uniform usage of the House, when the
House has disposed of the business before it and
gone into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and a gentleman has taken the floor
with a view to speak to the country, it has been
the habit of members to retire with no view of re-
turning, and to leave the House without a quo-
rum. E%'ery gentleman addressing the House 011
such occasions expects others togoaway, because
his remarks are not intended for the benefit of the
House. And now we are here between three
and four o'clock in the morning arraigning mem-
bers for their absence, and asking their excuses
because they have done what every gentleman
here has done every day during the session, when-
ever the House resolves itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. Now, I
submit to you, where is the wisdom and propriety
of this proceeding—the dignity of it? I pray you,
sir, what is to be made by it 
Mr. HILL. May I ask the gentleman from
Ohio one question ? Does the gentleman seek to
exonerate himself from the imposition of a fine,
which has been imposed upon the other members
of the House? Is that the gentleman's object?
If the gentleman has any good reason to show
why he was not here, let him show it. I have not
attempted to show it, and no other gentleman, I
believe, has. 1 did not question the power of the
House to compel me to give a satisfactory excuse.
1 object to the gentleman from Ohio occupying
the time of the House in this way, until other
members, who are under arrest, have an oppor-
tunity of excusing themselves.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The remarks of the gentleman from Ohio aie not
grounded at all 011 the reasons which he has of-
fered, but go to the very foundation of the action
of the House. The argument might have been
made if he was present some four or five or six
hours since, but it has no relevancy now, as I
conceive, to the reasons which he has offered.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say a word in le-
ply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order. The circumstances
of the gentleman from Ohio are entirely different
now from what they were when ho was before
the House under arrest. It is competent for the
gentleman to proceed with an argument upon the
motion now pending before the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio allow me to give a little part of
the history of this matter?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will excuse
me. The gentleman from New York has given,
by way of excuse for not remaining here, that he
continued in the House until all the business had
been transacted, and anticipating 110 further ser-
vice here, he went home and went to bed, as he
did ordinarily. Now, I think the House ought
to receive this statement of facts as a reason why
the gentleman from New York should be dis-
charged upon any moderate terms. Is not that
reasonable ?
Mr. McKEAN. Will the gentleman allow me
just a moment?
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
New York will permit me to go on in my own
way. If any gentleman will have the goodness
to explain what is to be accomplished by this
business, then I will acquiesce in the propriety
of these proceedings.
Mr. McKEAN. Now, I hope the gentleman
will allow me to explain.
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; not just now. it
seems to me that this House is proceeding cer-
tainly under a slight mistake. The Senate, with-
out any of these mandatory proceedings, acting
upon the generous impulses of its members, is
enabled to transact its own business. If this
House were to act upon the same principle, and
follow the same decorum and propriety oil the
part of its members, we should transact our busi-
ness much more pleasantly ttnd properly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now submit'to the Chair
that m"y colleague is out of'order. He is lectur-
ing this Houseupon the propriety of its' proceed-
ings.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the question of order, for this reason: "the
House has ordered a call, and the question as to
whether that call was expedient or not is not now
under consideration. The question is now upon
discharging the gentleman from New York frorh
custody upon payment of fees.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM, r hope not.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to say a word or
two why the gentleman from Ne\y York should
not be clischaiged without the payment of iHb
usual fees. I think if my colleague had bceh
cognizant of what had taken place here during the
evening, ho would not have undertaken to lec-
ture the House upon the propriety of its proceed-
ings during the long hours of the night.
Mr. HILL. Short hours, if you please.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; long hours, ;f you
please. 1 stand here to vindicate the ftction of
the House, not to cast reflections upon it, nor to
cast reflections upon my colleague. I have no
doubt lie went home for reasons which to him- at
the time were satisfactory; but I have risen to
explain to my colleague the reasons for the pro-
ceedings which have taken place during the night;
reasons of which he, I presume, is ignorant;
reasons which I think will bo satisfactory to the
country, to his constituents, and mine.
The'SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair thinks
the gentleman from Ohio is hardly in order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think I am in order. I
hope I shall not be interrupted until I get through.
I was gomg on to show reasons why this House
was in the" line of its duty in calling him from
his bed and bringing him here. His impatience
shows that he is'ignorant of the causes which led
to these proceedings, and which causes4 propose
very briefly to explain.
Mr. HILL. I call the gentleman to order. The
gentleman from Ohio has no right to arraign his
colleague here. His case has been disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iam notarraigning-anybody.
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman's colleague has
overslept his time, and should have been here at
twelve o'clock, instead of one, I do not think it
is a very serious offense.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will excuse me. 1 desire to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to come to the point,
to show the reason why this House should en-
foice its order, and should impose penalties upon
absent members, not only upon the gentleman
from New York, but upon every recusant mem-
ber of this House. In the course of the last even-
ing, while the House was in the Committee of
the Whole, the honorable gentleman from the
State of New York [Mr. McKean] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CRAWFORD. J rise to a question of
order. The question before the House i3 pot m
reference to the propriety of this call; not in ref-
erence to the propriety of the course the House
has seen fit to take. Whether mht or wi ong, I
submit that the gentleman from Ohio .should con-
fine himself to the question now of excusing the
o-cntleman from New York, as he has insisted on
confining every other gentleman within the strict-
est rules of order.
Mr. BINGHAM, I beg leave to state that 1
have not misunderstood the question that is be-
fore the House. The question is, what fines or
penalties shall be imposed upon the gentleman
from New York.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re-
peats the ruling which he made in the case of the
gentleman's colleague and others,that the propri-
ety or impropriety of tltese proceedings is not now
before the House.
170
