2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not stating anything
of the kind. I protest that no such words were
uttered by me. I was stating that this House
was- here in the discharge of its duty, and show-
ing the reason why the House should impose
.fines upon absent members. An honorable mem-
ber of this House obtained the floor, when a quo-
rum was present, and was proceeding with his
remarks, when a gentleman chose to rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I deny the
truth of that allegation.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman cannot deny
it. I state what is the truth. I am not casting
any reflections upon the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will not
permit the gentleman to make statements here
which are not true in themselves.
* Mr. BINGHAM. I have cast no imputations
upon the gentleman from North Carolina, and
expect to cast none.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
gentleman from Ohio to order. 1 make the point
of order that the gentleman is speaking upon a
matter not before the House. The propiiety of
my course, or the propriety of the course of the
House, during the night, is not now before us.
The question is, whether the gentleman from New
York shall be excused upon the payment of the
ordinary fees.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not said anything
about the propriety of the gentleman's course,
and was not proposing to do so.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I think that
any reference to whatoccurred during the excite-
ment we had here last night is not in order. That
question is not before the House; and the gentle-
man was stating what neither he nor anybody
else had any right to state.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not said one word
touching the propriety of the gentleman's conduct.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman said that objection was made when a
quorum was present.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no; I said nothing of
that sort.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The gen-
tleman certainly did say it.
Mr.BLNGIIAM. The gentleman is laboring
under a mistake.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I under-
stood the gentleman to say this: that while the
gentleman from New York was making a speech,
"when there was a quorum present, objections were
made to his proceeding.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, no; I did not go that far
at all. It-aid the honoiable gentleman fiom New
York was on the floor, and was proceeding in
order to make a speech; that when ho took the
floor there was a quorum in the House, as your
records show. While he was proceeding with
his spccch, a large number of gentlemen left the
House, reducing the number remaining to less
than a quorum. I was proceeding to say that, in
consequence of their withdrawal, objections were
made to the gentleman proceeding lii the absence
of a quorum. The Chairman of the committee
overruled the objection. An appeal was taken
and sustained, and, under a rule of the House,
which was bindingupon the Chairman, and upon
every member of the House, the roll was called.
In further obedience to the uile of the House,
the committee rose and reported the fact to the
Speaker. Thereupon a motion was made that
there be a call of the House, which motion was
agreed to. As the result of that call showed less
than a quorum present, we have ordered the ab-
sent members to be compelled to appear here—
for what puipose? Simply that the business of
this House might be proceeded with. Gentlemen
have not the right to come here, when they have
been absent without the leave of the House, and
say that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
McKean] was not acting in the line of the duty
which he owes to his constituents.
Mr. VANCE. I rise to a question of order.
No word has been allowed to be uttered by gen-
tlemen making their excuscs which reflected upon
the conduct of this House. Therefore, I say that
no word should be allowed which justifies the
conduct of the House. If the action of the House
is not assailable, it is clearly not defensible.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. VANCE. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The question was taken, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand, as the judgment of the House?"
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that inas-
much as the rules have imposed this obligation to
compel the attendance of absent members upon
the House, it becomes a farce, and worse than a
farce, if we discharge member after member re-
cusant to the discharge of his duty without inflict-
ing any penalty whatever; and 1 beg leave to say
in this connection, without intending any reproach
upon any member of the House, either presentor
absent, that any member who will refuse to en-
force the rule to compel the presence of a quorum,
in order that a Representative of any pait of the
people of this Republic may be heard in his place,
is, in my judgment, whether intentionally or not,
not true to the oath that he has taken.
Mr. VANCE. The gentleman supposes that
members have absented themselves for the pur-
pose of depriving a Representative of the people
cf the opportunity to make his speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have not said that. I say,
that to withhold from the Representative of any
constituency of this Republic, when he is upon
the floor in conformity with the rules, the privi- ;
lege of representing the views of those he repre-
sents, is a violation of the Constitution and the
oath under the obligation of which we all act here.
I am showing the importance of enforcing this
rule for compelling the attendance of members.
I want the Representatives of the people to be
heard in their proper places. If the iuIo be not
enforced, it is at the pleasure of gentlemen to get
up,go out.and,by leaving us without a quorum,
leave any and every constituency unheard. I d< -
mand the previous question on the motion.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw the call for the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman supposes
that I have done him any injustice, I will with-
draw the call for the previous question, provided
he will be good enough"to renew it.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will re-
new it. I do not take the gentleman's remarks as
applicable to me. I understood the gentleman to
say that they were intended to be applied to those
who were not willing to give members here their
constitutional right to be heaid upon this floor.
I am the last man in this House who would deny
to the Ilepresentativeof any constituency the exer-
cise of his constitutional light to be heard on any
question at the pioper time. On last Saturday,
when theie were only five persons piesent, I
stated that, according to my conception of the
rules, we could not proceed with discussion, or
business of any kind, without a quorum. I made
the point of order then, and the Chairman of the
committee decided that it was well taken. An
appeal from the decision of the Chair was taken,
and the committee sustained the decision of the
Chair. I gave notice then that I would renew
the objection whenever there was not a quorum
present. If members desire legitimate debate,
I will go with them. I am willing to vote for a
repeal of the hour rule. I am willing to do every-
thing that I can m favor of having fair and legiti-
mate debate. But, sir, I am opposed to the con-
version of this House into a place where lectures
are to be delivered on all manner of subjects, and
when only five or half a dozen members are pres-
ent. I do not believe that any such thing is con-
sistent with either the letter or spirit of the Con-
stitution.
Air. BINGHAM. I did not refer to the gen-
tle ma n.
Air. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I did not
suppose you did. If I had, I would have made an
entirely different kind of reply. I think the gen-
tleman and the House will do me the justice to
say that, during the five or six months of this
session—there are others who have known me as
a member for six or eight years—I have con-
sumed a* little of the time of the House as any
gentleman upon this floor. Aly objection is not
a captious one. I made it first upon the gentleman
fromVermont, [Air. Morrill.] I believe the prac-
tice of delivering lectures here has become anui-
sance. I doubt not that the whole country think*
so. I want to put a stop to it. It is my hope
that the House will resort to legitimate debate on
the questions that come up for action. I call for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and,* under the,oper-
ation thereof, Mr. John Cochrane was discharged
on payment of the'fees.
Air. BINGHAMrmoved to reconsider the vote
first taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Air. AlcKEAN. Mr. Stanton, who has just
been brought here under arrest, has again ab-
sented himself.
Air. VANCE. You cannot, under the Consti-
tution, try a man more than once for the same
offense. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Tiieaker,
you have been absent from the sittings of this
House without its consent. What excuse have
you for your absence ?
Air. THEAKER. I would like to have the
Sergccint-at-Arins come here and take his fees. I
do not want to be under arrest any longer than it
is necessary.
Air. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order. It
is very unfortunate that there should be, in the
members summoned here by the order of the
House 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
remind the gentleman that that is not a point of
order.
Air. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman [Mr.
Tiieaker] will not distress us so by the clinking
of the change in his hands. I hope he will liana
it over to the Scigeant-at-Arms very soon, if he
does not stop it.
Mr. HUGHES. Aly point of order is this:
that I think it very unfortunate 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not a
point of order; and the gentleman is out of order.
Air. HUGHES. Well, then, I simply desire
to say, that the spirit manifested by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Tiieaker,] at the very com-
mencement of his remarks, was out of order. His
business was to answer to the House for his
absence; butin spirit his remark was defiant.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Ohio will proceed.
Air. THEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Mai viand now permit me to proceed?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
allow the gentleman to proceed.
Air. THEAKER. I started to come to this
House yesterday morning at eleven o'clock, and
I remained here during ail the time that intervened
between that hour and very near eleven o'clock
to-night. I thought that was doing very well, in-
deed. Well, during the evening, you will recol-
lect, the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and Air.
Morrill commenced to make a speech, and
finally he got through with it. The floor was
then obtained by another gentleman, and he com-
menced to make a speech; and let me say to the
House that when he commenced to make that
speech 
Mr. HILL. I call the gentleman to order,upon
the giound that it is not pioper for him to under-
take to show what the reasons were which op-
erated upon his own mind to justify him in ab-
senting himself. [Laughter.] I am in the same
category with the gentleman. I did not see any
particularreasonforstayinghere,andI wentaway.
I think the gentleman should acknowledge the
corn and pay the fees; and I move that he be ex-
cused on the payment of the fees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order, and the gentleman from
Ohio will proceed to state the reasons of his ab-
sence.
Air. THEAKER. I thought, Air. Speaker,
that I was to give my excuse, and that was the
very thing I was doing; but the gentleman from
Georgia says I should not give my reasons.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker -
Air. VANCE. Has the gentleman from Geor-
gia paid his fees? {Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
being propounded, the Chair would say that the
gentleman from Georgia is not in order, unless he
has paid his fees.
Mr. HILL. I would like to ask the gentleman
