742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
of the expense. That is a remarkable argument.
It would equally apply to every special tax ever
imposed. When a man goes to any of our uni-
versities or colleges and acquires an education,
the feet that he becomes an educated man ought,
if that advantage be properly exercised by him,
to confer a benefit and good upon the entire com-
munity. Will the gentleman say that the entire
community ought to contribute to the expense of
educating that man? I take it for granted he would
not.
Mr. MILLSON. I reply to my colleague by
saying that if it were practicable to adjust the
affairs of human life upon a universal principle of
optimism, it would be exceedingly just and desir-
able to apportion the burdens and benefits among
the whole community to the precise extent to
which they should be enjoyed or suffered. But
because wc cannot do all things, let us not refuse
to do the good we can.
Mr. BOCOCK. Still, as I am not an optimist,
and do not very much believe in optimism, I would
rather act upon tangible and common-sense rules
of legislation, than to act upon any attempt to
approach that beautiful theory of optimism. I
say that the principle upon which we ought to
act is, to make those who receive the special and
particular benefits pay for them, and not require
the whole mass of the community to come for-
ward and aid them. That is our doctrine; and
that is a doctrine that we can stand upon; it is a
doctrine that we can carry out in legislation.
But the gentleman says that others than those
who receive matter through the mail receive the
benefit of the Post Office establishment; that the
man who takes no paper learns from his neighbor
what is the price of wheat and of tobacco; and
that this man, who thus derives benefit from the
paper of his neighbor, ought to help pay the post-
age on that paper. If that doctrine be correct,
then he ought to pay a part of the subscription
price of the paper also. Would the gentleman
advocate the adoption of such a theory? Yetthe
same argument that would apply in one case will
apply with equal strength to the other.
Mr. MILLSON. I will suggest to my col-
league, that if his doctrine be true, the same prin-
ciple would apply to the Army and Navy.
Mr. BOCOCK. The Army and JNavyare not
for the benefit of any particular individuals or
class of individuals, but for the whole country.
If my colleague supposes that, because he rep-
resents a navy-yard at Portsmouth, the Navy is
for the exclusive benefit of his constituents, he
is mistaken. So in reference to the Army. I hope
the gentleman does not suppose that the Army
was designed for the sole and exclusive benefit of
tho contractors for supplies. If he does, he is
mistaken. I say that the Army of the United
States is for the protection of the whole country.
It is for his protection; it is for my protection; it
is for the protection of all of us: and therefore, it
is right that all should pay for it. There is no
class for whom the Army or the Navy is espe-
cially beneficial; and therefore, the argument of
my colleague does not apply to the question under
consideration.
I am ready now to carry out this measure of
legislation, the effect of which will be to cut off
a very considerable item of the expenses of the
Government. If others are not willing to do it,
lot thein vote against this amendment and send it
back to the Senate.
Upon the other amendment 111 question, my
mind is fully made up. I believe it to be light
and proper of itself and legitimately in this bill.
Now, permit mo to say that if the Senate were
to put upon an appropriation bill some species of
legislation relating to altogethera different subject
from the bill itself; for instance, if upon a Post
Office appropriation bill they were to put on inde-
pendent legislation relating to Kansas, or legisla-
tion relating to the Army or Navy which had no
connection with the subject-matter of the bill, and
did not affect the appropriation one way or the
other, then I should say that it would be very
proper to raise a question upon the Senate, and re-
quire such items to be stricken out of the bill; but
when the Senate comes forward and presents to the
House an amendment, relating to the subject-mat-
ter of the bill, prescribing and controlling the way
in which the money appropriated in this bill shall
be expended, and cutting off an important item of
expense, I say that it is proper that the House
should entertain such a proposition as a proper
one to be introduced into this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I shall not
occupy many minutes of the time of the commit-
tee. As a member of the Committee of Way8
and Means, I desire to say that I cannot entirely
agree in the recommendation of that committee in
relation to this amendment now under considera-
tion—I mean the one in relation to the Post Office
blanks. Onits merits, I belie ve, we all agree that
it is just. Indeed, I learn that out of the §40,000
t paid last year for these blanks, they were con-
| tracted for and printed for §5,000. That, as I am
1 informed, was the whole amount paid by the
i printer for the work done. And I am informed
| that the work could actually be done for perhaps
08,000 a year. I am not a printer; but those who
are will understand that a great portion of the com-
position for these blanks comes under what is
termed " fat;" that is, when but a small portion
of the page is printed.
. Now, sir, I say that this is a law that ought to be
enacted; lYut the oilly question is one of a rule of
order.' If it ought to be enacted, it ought to be
enacted now. If you. jfut it in a bill by itself, it
willnever pass, never;, and if it did, before it had-
passed, there would have been piles of blanks
printeitenough to fill this room; enough for all the
future time of this Congress, and more too. If it
is to do any good, it must pass now-. Then the
question is, is there any insuperable objection to
be found in the rules or policy of this House to
Frevent its passage in connection with this bill?
have always heard that there was some such
rule as the gentleman referred to in regard to the
introduction of amendments in this House; but I
cannot find the rule, and the rules which have been
read have no application; not a particle of appli-
cation. But, sir, though there be such a rule, or
such a practice, in this House, there is no such
rule in the Senate. There was, therefore, nothing
improper in their introducing this amendment into
this bill, and there is nothing improper in our re-
taining it, if it is right in itself. But, I suggest
that, even if there were such a rule, this amend-
ment is but a modification of the bill itself, which
makes appropriation for printing Post Office
blanks. Suppose this amendment had come in
in the shape of a proviso to that appropriation,
instead of coming in as an independent section,
would ltnot have then been m order? would itnot
have stood upon precisely the same ground as the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] three years ago, to which refer-
ence has been made in the course of the discus-
sion to-day > For myself, I am not satisfied that
the amendment is not germane to the bill; I am
inclined to think it is.
But, while I doubt upon our right to entertain
I such an amendment under our rules, that doubt
is overweighed by the necessity and utility of it,
and causes the doubt to give way. It was re-
marked by aLord Chancellor that, when the equity
was all on one side, and his power was doubtful,
he decided according to equity; but would not
bring it into a precedent in future. So I say, in
reference to this amendment of the Senate.
In regard to the franking privilege, which has
been discussed—I think, inappropriately, to-day
—before it comes legitimately up for considera-
tion, I shall vote against the amendment of the
Senate, because I think itought not to have been
incorporated in this bill; and I shall vote against
it especially on its merits. I do not concur with
a gentleman on this side of the House who pre-
ferred his laziness, his idleness, to ihe exercise
of his duty under the franking privilege. The
gentleman said lie wanted the time to read. Why,
sir, do these men need intellectual instruction-
men who have read all the books in the world,
and especially the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] who knows more than all of us? No,
sir; it was an excuse for not attending to the
needs of his constituents because it will take
tune.
Now, sir, on tins side of the House—I do not
( know how it may be on the other side—we have
! always been m the habit of sending to our con-
stituents the information which it was necessary
for them to have, although at great labor to us,
and at great expense; but, sir, our constituents
derive the advantage, and is it not right that they
should pay the expense? I do not know how it
may be with the constituents of other gentlemen,
but mine are fond of reading; and would you de-
prive them of their intellectual pabulum t They
cannot afford to purchase the necessary books on
their own account, and I cannot afford to purchase
them. It would cost all our salaries, and some-
thing more. But, what will be the result of this ?
I am going on its merits. I shall vote against the
amendment onits merits. If the amendment is
adopted, you will find after a while a bill which
we can all vote for, giving us, for the cost of send-
ingout documents, about $500 each, a session. It
is right, then, that the country should pay the
expense we are at for our constituents. Some
will put it in their pockets—I suppose I would—
[laughter;] and some will send a part of it to their
constituents in the way of documents and speeches,
and in the way of new frocks and in things of
that kind. And that will be the consequence of
the abolition of the franking privilege. In my
judgment, it is a very unjust proposition.
I sec that some of the m?mbers of the party to
which I belong favor the proposition. The New
York Tribune and other papers urge it, as they
urge every humbug they think to be popular. I
shall, however, stick by the franking privilege.
I frank for nobody but my constituentsrand they
pay their taxes to the Government, and ought to
have these documents. There is not a day I do
not get a number of letters from clever, good men,
who like to read of an evening, or on a Sunday,
religious matter, such os I have sent them in
southern speeches. [Laughter.] I get letteis
from them urging mc to send them documents,
and I mean to do it; but if you deprive me of the
franking privilege, I do not mean to impose upon
them to pay for them, and I will not do it myself,
for I am too poor. If it is to be done, let the rich
men do it.
Mr. G-ARNETT. There is one quality in the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
has just addressed the House, which I commend;
and that is, the sincerity and frankness with
which he goes to lus object. No rules restrain
him when he finds it within his power to do that
which he wishes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I did say
thr)t T had doubts about that rule—that I had
strong doubts whether it was not germane to the
subject. I did not so broadly assert, as the gen-
tleman alleges.
Mr. G-ARNETT. Then I now understand the
gentleman. He takes the same view of the parlia-
mentary law that has been taken by my honor-
able colleague. He is willing to vote for the first
amendment, because the printing of these Post
Office blanks is a favor granted by the Executive
to some Pennsylvania newspapers. He is anx-
ious to get at that amendment, and to put it into
law. But, sir, he is against the second amend-
ment, which strikes at a larger and much greater
abuse; and which proposes, at one fell blow, to
destroy the miserable machinery established in
this metropolis for the next presidential election,
to be worked at the expense of the tax-payers of
the country. I agree with him in favoring the
first amendment; for ever since I have had a seat
upon this floor, 1 have been willing to strike at
extravagant expenditures and abuses in the Gov-
ernment, no matter whether they are to the ben-
efit of my party or to the benefit of the opposite
party; but I disagree with the gentleman on the
second amendment.
I must say that I was astonished and grieved
to hear tile doctrines advanced against t In satin nd-
ment by my colleague and friend. His speech
showed all that ingenuity and subtilty for winch
he is distinguished; but I must say that it seemed
to me that so much of his argument as was ap-
plicable to the question before the House was not
sound, and that so much of it as was sound was
not applicable. He argued that we should not
allow the Senate to put this amendment upon this
bill; for, forsooth, at the close of a session of Con-
gress, it is the practice, on conference committee
reports', to pass improper amendments without due
consideration and deliberation. Because abuses
spring up under conference committees, at the
close of a session, is that a reason why, at the
beginning of a session, we should not'consider
these questions ? He argues that general legisla-
tion ought not to be put upon the appropriation
bills. Is that a reason why a measure which has
been adopted year after year, which has been
