1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
from Oiiio a question. [" Order!"" Order!"] I
ask him what 
" The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Georgia is out of order: and the Chair must
enforce the rules of the House in maintaining
order. Objection is made to the gentleman from
Georgia proceeding until he has paid his fees; and
the gentleman from Ohio is upon the floor.
Mr. HILL. Then I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not recognize an appeal taken by the gentleman
until he has paid his fees. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. How docs the Chan undertake to
decidc that I have not paid my fees, and am there-
fore under arrest? "What gentleman states that I
have not paid my fees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Vance] raised the point
of order upon the gentleman from Georgia, stating
that he had not paid his fees; and the Chair de-
cided that the gentleman from Georgia could not
proceed unless he had paid his fees.
Mr. THEAKER. 1 would state further, that
when the House resolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, I con-
cluded that I had no longer any particular busi-
ness here, and that I would leave and retire to
my lodgings. I accordingly did do so, and did
it orderly, peaceably, and quietly, and with the
expectation of having a good night's rest. But
somewhere about two o'clock in the morning there
was a knock at my door; and unfortunately J was
not quite sound enough asleep not to be awak-
ened by the rapping at the door. Unfortunately,
too, I opened the door; and the first thing which
appeared before me was an agent of the Sergeant-
at-Arms, who told me that 1 was needed at the
House. I was astonished; for I did not think
that I had been so useful a member that my ab-
sence would be notic.cd. I stated to him that he
had better go up to the House, and tell them,
good-naturedly, that I did not think it pleasant to
attend. But I afterwards repented of my determ-
ination, and dressed myself, and started for the
Capitol. I came into the Hall through that door
without any one saying anything to me. I have
not, to my knowledge, been arrested at all. Such
is my excuse, and here is my money.
Mr. HILL. I claim the floor now, for I have
paid my fees. [Laughter.]
Mr. THEAKER. What has that to do with
me?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move to excuse the gentle-
man from Ohio upon the payment of fees; and I
demand the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a point of order.
There is too much trifling with the dignity of this
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. HUGHES. Well, if there has been no
trifling, I yield the point.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and,under the
operation thereof, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms here appeared, and an-
nounced ilmt lie had in custody at the bar of the
House, according to the order of the House,
Messrs. Leach, of North Carolina, Webber,
Hamilton, Pr.voit, Kilgore, English, Duell,
Holman, and Covode.
The Sergeant-at-Arms stated to the House that
he called upon some thirty or forty members of
the House himself, and through his messengers;
that he went to their rooms and knocked loud
enough to awaken any one sleeping in there: that
the majority of them made no response; that some
of thern answered and declined to come; and that
some pleaded sickness as an excuse.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to dispense with fur-
ther proceedings 111 the call of the House. We
have been acting peifcctly ridiculous here for the
Inst six or eight hours, if we are going now to
allow gentlemen to lock themselves up and de-
fiantly challenge the authority of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
' Mr. HICKMAN. I propose to offer a resolu-
tion to the Housg, It is to the effect that the
Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to bring the gen-
tlemen named in his warrant before the bar of the
House, and that lie take proper means to do so.
Mr. HINDMAN. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that some of those gentlemen named have
been excused.
Mr. HICKMAN. I speale of those who are
embraced in the body of the warrant. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms should be directed to take the
proper means to accomplish the object.
Mr. HINDMAN. 1 know that the Sergeant-
at-Aims repeated the names of some gentlemen
who are excused.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to make a sugges-
tion with reference to the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Reagan.] The Sergeant-at-Arms has re-
ported that lie rapped at his door, and the gentle-
man would not answer. I do not know upon
what authority ho makes that statement, or that
he meant to say anything more than that the gen-
tleman did not answer.
Mr. HILL. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I merely wish to state that
Mi. Reagan came here and said his health was
such that he could not attend the sittings of the
House.
Mr. HILL, lriseto apointof order. Without
any unkindness on earth to the gentleman from
Texas, |Mi. Reagan,] the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, or from any other State, I say this: that
here, at this hour of the morning, it is the duty
of the House at once to pass a resolution of this
sort, requiring the attendance of its members; and
it is a matter for consideration hereafter whether
any gentleman can give a sufficient excuse for his
absence, or not. Let Mi. Reagan, or any other
gentleman, come forward and proffer his excuse.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to state this fact in
reference lo Mr. i!r,\(; \v, in order that he may
be exempted from this order.
Mr. HICKMAN. If any gentleman should
be brought before the House, 1 think Mr. Rea-
gan ought to be, for I heard him myself say, as
he left the House, that he left it ill contempt of
the House, and without offering any excuse. I
call the picvious question on my resolution.
Tjprevious question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. GARTRELL. I desire to inquire whether
that resolution has been reduced to writing?
Mr. HICKMAN. It was not called for to be
reduced to writing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair rules
that, slnctly, if required by any member, it must
be reducd lo wilting-.
Mr. GARTRELL. I should like to have it
reduced to writing before 1 ^tc upon it.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like now to bring
the ••a'; ! ,'fMr. isrns before the House, who,
I u:idti's!:T;ii, has lefr 'he House.
The SPliAKEP po tempore. The main ques-
tion having been oidered, the House must dispose
of this question.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to be excused from further attend-
ance. I have had a soreness in my throat for
some time, and 1 perceive it is increasing. I be-
lieve every hour is affecting tt ill this atiuospheie;
and, therefore, I beg that I may be excused.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the gentleman
will not be excused, for he has voted against
every motion to adjourn.
Mr. CURTIS. Well, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit the gen'leman from
New York IMr, McKeak] to print his speech.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have now reduced the
resolution to writing, and ask that it be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rcsohed. That the tiorecant-at- Aim > be directed to bring
boi'oie the House all tbo^e im'mbus em-
braced ia his wariani, and to use all ncce^aiy means to
do bO.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to insert these words: " and
such mocspngera as he may depute."
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 hove no objection to that.
Let the resolution be modified accordingly. _
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a point
of order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make a point of order on
the gentleman from New York, that he has not
paid his fees, nndeannot speak.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have funds enough
in the hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms to liquidate
the fine, and that is a legal liquidation.'
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon my point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That point of order
affects the freedom of speech of Representatives
upon this floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is my point of order sus-
tained?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is sustained.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I call the gentleman
from New Yorlc to order He is disregarding an
order of the House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call the gentle-
man to order.forusingimmoderateanddisorderly
language. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon the point of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is not in order. All that the
House can do now is to compel the presence of
absent members. "When the Chair tells the gen-
tleman from New York to come to order he must
take his seat.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I ask that
the words for which I am called to order be taken
down.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are not
words. The gentleman from IHinois [Mr. Love-
joy] made a point of order, that the gentleman
from New York could not address the House till
he was discharged from custody on payment of
the fees. The rule actually requires a payment
of the fine. The fact of a salary remaining in the
hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms does not pay it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I take an appeal
from that decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair can-
not entertain an appeal until the fees are paid.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There is a serious
aspect about this question, and I ask that this as-
pect be looked into. I must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot take any appeal till he has paid his fees.
The rule requires him to be in custody. The
House has ordered the payment of the fees; and
if they are not paid. the Sergeant-at-Arms has
still the member under arrest.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will appeal on behalf of
the gentleman from New York. I suppose, as a
member of the House, lie has credit with the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to state the object
of my appeal.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I think it a monstrous proposition
that because I owe $2 50 my constituents should
be deprived of my services on this floor, under an
arrest by the Sergeant-at-Arms. I take an appeal,
and upon that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
The question was taken; and the decision  f
the.Chair was sustained.
Mr. HICKMAN. I insist, now,that the ques-
tion be put on my resolution,
Mr. KILGORE. I rise*to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Indiana cannot do so, as ho is under arrest.
Mr. KILGORE. I am not under arrest. The
House has taken no steps to put me under arrest.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The absent mem-
bers are taken into custody as they appear in the
House.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask to have the
resolution read again.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now, Mr. Speak-
er 
Mr. HICKMAN. No discussion is in order.
It is time that this thing was disposed of.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. .1 stand here to
raise the point of order; and be it one o'clock or
six o'clock, it makes no difference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York cannot raise his point of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Why not?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Because he has
not yet paid bis fees.
