1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1763
Mr. M1LLSON. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina would be a very use-
ful one if the reporters could—if any reporters
could—reflect faithfully the transactions of the
House; but, sir, no human skill can achieve the
miracle of reporting our debates precisely as mem-
bers express themselves.
Perhaps it may be an infirmity, but my style
of speaking is usually slow, and yet I do under-
take to say that I have never yet revised the
reports of my own remarks without detecting
numerous errors, and sometimes the most ridicu-
lous .and gra>tescjue errors. Sir, anybody who
knows the mode in which our reporters take down
the debates of the House must see that it is abso-
lutely impossible to avoid these mistakes. Why,
only a few days ago, in some remgfrks which I
made here, which I did not correct in manuscript,
nor have I corrected for the Congressional Globe,
I was made to say things not only which I never
uttered, but which it would have been ridiculous
for anybody to say here.
Now, sir, if it were possible for reporters to
write down accurately all that is said, I should en-
tirely agree with the gentleman from North CagD-
lina, that the notes-of the reporters should never
be revised by the speakeis. But very great injus-
tice may be done, not only to the speakers, but
to the House sometimes, if mistakes, which are
unavoidable with the best corps of reporters, arc
allowed to go into the Daily Globe to be perpetu-
ated in the Congressional Globe. These things
must be left to the discretion of members. No
honorable man will ever so alter his remarks as
to change wholly the character of what he has
spoken. Therefore, I say, we must leave it to
the members themselves to determine in what re-
spect their remarks require correction.
I think our reporters are a faithful, diligent,
accurate set of reporters. If I were to make any
complaint against them at all it would be that
they are too faithful—that they very often under-
take to put into our published debates that which
forms no part of the discussions of the House.
Sir, if a member will interrupt another member ;
if a member will, by interjection, make a remark
in the House which may be heard by the report-
ers, and make it without being recognized by the
Chair and without being permitted by the speaker,
that remark is allowed to go into the Daily Globe
and into the Congressional Globe as a part of our
proceedings. Why, sir, they might as well un-
dertake to record the private conversation that
happened to be uttered in their hearing as to un-
dertake to report, as a part of the proceedings, <
the heated and violent expressions of members !
not made "when they are entitled to the floor, not ;
made by the permission of him who is entitled to ■
the floor, but made out of order, and which, there- :
fore, have no more claim to be in the record of our ;
discussions than the private remarks and conver-
sations which arc always occurring upon this
floor. I think that, if they can be cemplained of
at all, the complaint ought to be made against
them that they too faithfully reflect what they
hear. I believe, for the reasons I have stated,
that the suggestion of the gentleman from North
Carolina is impracticable.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, with-
drew kis amendment.
Mr. CURRY". I hope that my amendment will
be permitted to go to the House; and that there
the vote shall be taken on it by yeas and nays.
Several Members. Let us dispose of it here.
The amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation? for printing,
dry-pressiug, inserting maps and plates, and binding docu-
ments ordered during the Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth, and
Thirty-Fifth Congresses, §19,^81 98.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for paper
requited for the printing of the first session of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, $50,000. .
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation lor printing
required tor the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
$40,000.
To provide for the blanks and other printing and the paper
for the same, icquired preliminary to taking the eighth
census, $29,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to have some
explanation of those clauses. "What is the neces-
sity for an appropriation of §50,000 to supply the
deficiency in the appropriation for printing re-
quired for the first session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress ?
Mr. SHERMAN. In answer to the gentleman,
and that the House may be informed respecting
the items of appropriation which have been read,
1 call attention to the following letter of the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing:
Office or Superintendent of Public Printing,
Washington, March 6, 1860.
Sir: Itbecomes my duty to .apprise the House of itep-
resentatives of the existence of certain deficiencies in the
appropriations heretofore made for the printing and binding
ordered byCongicss.
The appropriations for printing ordered by the Senate and
House of Representatives during the Thirty-Thiid and Thir-
ty-Fourth Congresses havo been exhausted, and there is
now due to the Public Printers, for work executed and de-
livered by them, the sum of $5,259 37.
There is also due to the Public Printers, for work ordered
at the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and ex-
ecuted and delivered by them, lor which these is no avail
able appropriation, the sum of $10,420 71.
And theie is now, or soon will be, due to the binder ot
the Senate, and tor which theie is no appropriation, the
sum of $U,701 90.
These several deficiencies amount to the aggregate sum
of $19,381 9S.
I would also state, that no appropriation has been made
by Congress lor the blanks and other printing required pre-
liminary to taking the eighth census. The paper has been
purchased, and the printing has* been commenced, in obe-
dience to the requirements of the Secretaiyof the Inteiior,
the estimated coU of which is $29,000
It is also proper 1 should state, that the estimates of this
office for the paper and printing of Congiess for the present
session, as submitted to the Register of the Tieasury on the
31st of August, 1853, contained the following items :
For paper required for the printing of Congress... .$178,849.
For printing required for Congress §13.2,230.
The estimates of appiopriations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, lfcGO, submitted toCongiess by the Secretary or
the Treasury atthe commencement of the last session, (see
II. 11. Ex. Doc. No. 1, Thirty-Fifth Congress, second ses-
sion,) contained the following items:
Paper icquired for the printing of Congress $100,000.
Printing requned for Congress   70,000.
Thus were the estimates of this office, for the purposes
mentioned, reduccd, and the appropriations weie made
conformably to the reduced estimates of the Treasury De-
partment, which, I have no hesitation in asserting, will be
insufficient to pay for the paper and printing which has been
and will be oideied by the Senate and House of Itepiesent-
atives during the piesent session of Congress, although the
original estimates of this office may be somewhat j educed.
For the reasons herein stated, 1 have respectfully to re-
quest that these deficiencies may be provided lor by ap-
propriation, a& follows, viz :
To supply deficiencies in the appropriations for printing,
diy-pressms, inserting maps and plates, and binding doc-
uments ordered dining the Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fouith,
and Thirty-Filth Confesses, $19,381 98.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for paper
requited for the printing of the first session ot the Thirty-
Sixth Congiess, $50,000.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for print-
ing required lor the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, $40,000.
I To pioVide for the blanks and other printing, and the pa-
, per for the same, required preliminary to taking the eighth
I census, $29,000.
i 1 have honor to be, sir, very iespectfully, your obedient
: servant, JOHN HEART, Superintendent.
Hon. William Pennington, Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
| Mr. MAYNARD. What printing has been
| ordered by the present Congress that will require
! a larger sum than was required at the last Con-
Igress? It will be recollected that we introduced
a provision into the appropriation bill at the last
Congress for the prevention of what is called
double composition. The effect of that, as I
understand from gentlemen who are conversant
Willi the matter, will be to give the Senate Printer :
the benefit of the composition. Still the double i
composition is to be saved to the Government, 1
, and I understand that the appropriation was made |
! on that hypothesis. I am not aware that there j
' has been an unusual amount of printing ordered j
at the present Congress. !
Mr. SHERMAN. I can satisfy the gentle-
j! mall on that point. There are three or four con-
!: tested-dection cases, in each of which there is vol-
'! unnnous testimony, one of them filling a volume
ij of one thousand pages. That, as a matter of
ij course, was not contemplated by the last Con-
i; gress, and it could not be. There are also other
f books which have been ordered; but I believe
II that the chief item has grown out of the contested-
Si election cases.
!! Mr. MAYNARD. "With the statement that the
appropriations &rc nccessary to cover the punting
occasioned by the contested-election cases, I will
withdraw my objection to their passage.
Mr. PHELPS. In addition to what has been
said by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, I will say that not long since the
House ordered the printing of one of the volumes
of Stevens's report of his Pacific railroad expedi-
tion, and wc were informed by the chairman of
the Committee on Printingthat tho printingof that
report would cost $50,000. I predict that we will
be called to make up a further deficicncy in the
appropriation for the public printing, instead of
there being any fear that this amount is too large.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN". I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a formal
amendment, which has grown out of a misprint
of the bill. I move to strike out the words <f and
fifty dollars and sixty cents," in the following
clause, and in lieu thereof, to insert tho word
" dollars:"
For payment of the unpaid expenses incurred in altering
the arrangements of the Hall of the House of Representa-
tives undei the order of the House, $3,750 60.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed further to
move to amend the bill by striking from lines
sixty-four and sixty-five the words "twenty-six "
and "thirty-six,55 and inserting in lieu thereof
" seventy-six " and "ninety-seven'," so that it
will read:
And the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be, and
they are hereby, directed to settle the accounts of Captain
Meigs, late superintendent of the Capitol extension, for his
expenditures in altering the arrangements and seats of the
Hall of the House of Kcprcsentattves, according to The order
ot the House, and paid by him, according to his vouchers
for such expenditures,not toexreed the sum of $14,376 97.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways aftd Means to move the follow-
ing amendment, to come in after line seventy-one:
To defray tbe expenses of such delegates as may be ap-
pomtod by the President ot the United States, on the part
of tins Government, to attend a meeting of tho interna-
tional statistical congress, which is to meet in. London in
July, 18G0, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the close of the bill:
For survev of the public lands, for surveying liabilities
incurred by the late surveyor general of Oregon during the
fiscal year ending 30t!i ol June, 1859,
Foi surveying liabilities incurred by the late surveyor
general of Kansas and Nebraska during the fiscal year end-
ing 30th of June, 1859, ^20,000.
For surveying liabilities incurred by the late surveyor
general of California prior to 30th of June, 1857, $58,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALDRICH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment;
To pay George U. Durham, for twenty-two months' ser-
vice as a clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Afiairs, the sum of $2,566 52.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Does the Chair announce
that that amendment is agreed to ? #
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; that was the an-
nouncement.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is a private claim
i put upon an appropriation bill. jLet us have a
! division on the amendment.
I The CHAIRMAN. It is too late, unless there
is no objection.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is impossible; for,
in a House wlieie there are so many members,
some member will be found to object to any prop-
osition that is made.
Mr. KUNKEL. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For repairing the damages to the custom-house of the
United States at the port of Baltimore, caused by the fire
in &aid buildings during the month of September, 1858,
$15,000.
I ask that the papers be read, which I send to
the Clerk's desk.
Tlte Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, March 31, I860.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the rcceipt of
your letter of the 16th instant, inquiring whethei there has
h*i>n ov>ir nnnnwriatmn m.idi' for renairmf? the damages to
been any appropriation made for repairing the damages to
the custom-house of the United States for the port of Bal-
timore, caused by the fire in said building during the mouth
of September, 1858.
1 inclose herewith a letter, under date of the 20th in-
stant, from the engineer in charge of the construction of
buildings under the Treasury Department, and concur in
the views therein expressed, and recommend that the ap-
propriation be made.^i
The bill is herewitlrrPturned. ^
I am, very respectfully, HOWELL. COBIi,
Secretary of the Treasury*
Hon. Jacob M. Kgkeel, House of Ktprtstntathea.
