I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
321
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps:
opinion, upon a different point, the right of property in a
slave is distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion. The right to traffic in it, like an ordinary article of
merchandise and property, was guarantied to the citizens
of the United States, in every State that might desire it, for
twenty years. And the Government in express terms is
pledged to protect it in ail future time, if the slave escapes
lrom his owner. This is done in plain words—too plain to
be misunderstood- And no word can be found in the Con-
stitution which gives Congress a greater power over slave
property, or which entitles property of that kind to less pro-
tection, than property ot any other description. The only
power conferred is the power, coupled with the duty, of
guarding and protecting the tfwner in his rights.
" Upon these considerations, it is the opinion of the court
that the act of Congress which prohibited a citizen from
holding and owning pioperty of this kind in the Terntory
of the United States, north of the line therein mentioned,
is not warranted by tlie Constitution, and is therefore void;
and that neither Dred Scott himself nor any of his family
were made free by being cariied into this Teiritory, ev* n if
they had been carried there by the owner, with the inten-
tion of becoming a permanent resident."—19 Howard's
Reports, pp. 451,452.
^ The whole principle rests whore the court dis-
tinctly placed it—in the recognition of the right
of property. How the right of property was de-
rived, what crcated itpwhcu it began, the Con-
stitutiondoes notundcrtake todeterminc, nor does
the court. The court says that the Constitution
recognizes it as property—not establish it, not cre-
ate it; but the Constitution recognizes property
in an African held in slavery, just as it recognizes
property in a horse, or an ox, or anything else.
How it was created, when it began, what is its
sanction, the Constitution has nothing to do with,
and is silent. Therefore, when you talk about
the Constitution establishing slavery, you speak
a language equally unknown to the Constitution
and to law. Take it as your thesis, and your
conclusions must not only be unsound, but per-
verse and mischievous.
I have said, Mr. President, that I know of no
law-~I defy gentlemen to point me to a law either
in this country or in any other country—creating
this condition of slavery. I have searched the
statute-book diligently and carefully in every
southern State, where property in slaves has been
recognized for more than two hundred years; in
my own State, from the beginning, where the first
elave was landed more than two hund red years ago.
You may search the statute-books in vain; you
will find abundantlaws recognizing it, as the Con-
stitution does, as property, regulating it, estab-
lishing its relations in society; but you will find
no law, nor the beginning of any law, nor the
pretense of any law, creating it. I have had occa-
sion heretofore to advert to the fact—Senators will
indulge me in repeating it, because it is germane
to the argument—that when the first African slave
was landed in Virginia, in 1620, brought from the
West Indies, there was no law in the colony of
Virginia but the common law of England, for
we had then no Colonial Legislature; and from
that day up to the period when the Legislature of
Vnginia put a stop to the importation of Afiican
slaves, Africans were brought from time to time
in slavery to Virginia, and recognized by the laws
of Virginia as property, treated by the laws of
Virginia as property, without any question what-
ever. And why? Upon the plainest principles of
international law known to all civilized commu-
nities, and recognized throughout the civilized
world, that what is property in one country is
property in every other country, unless there is a
law in theobjectingcountry prohibiting it. When
a negro was brought fiom the coast of Africa with
the condition of property attached to him there,
that condition was recognized by the common law
in Virginia, and he was as much the property of
the owner as if it was a horse that had been
brought from England; and for the same reason,
because it was property in the country from which
it came.
I say, then, sir, that this condition of slavery
attached in Africa; it is the only race, so far as
my knowledge extends, to which that condition
now belongs. The negro is as much property
in Africa as the bullock or the ox—infinitely more
than the untamed animals who wander in savage
nature through the forests. He is property there;
and if there was no law at this day in any State
of this Union prohibiting the slave trade, or pro-
hibiting the* condition of slavery in society, he
would be recognized as property in any State. It
requires a law, therefore, to abolish it, to destroy
it. There never was a law to create it. In my :
New Series—No. 21.
researches, I have never found any law establish-
ing slavery anywhere, but in the dispensation of
the theocracy, through Moses, the first lawgiver.
He did " establish" slavery for the Jews. He cre-
ated it, ordained it, and regulated it by law; and
he, I take it, was the first lawgiver known to
man. Slavery certainly existed both in Africa and
Asia before the Mosaic law; for Joseph was sold
into slavery hy his brethren. What I mean to say
is only that I have found no statute or other written
law ordaining or " establishing" slavery, except
the law of Moses in the days of the theocracy, and
I have brought the book, lest gentleman should
not be conversant with it. I say that Moses, by
statute, ordained slavery, and regulated it, in the
tribes of Israel under his control.
I refer first, for these Mosaic laws, to Exodus,
the second book of Moses, twenty-first chapter,
second and following verses:
" If thou buy an Hebre^ervant, six years he shall serve :
and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing."
It limits the period of service.
" If ho came m by himself, he shall go out bv himself:
if he were married, then his wife shall.go out with him."
Beautifully and clearly expressed.
" If his master have given him a wife, and she have
borne him sons or daughters; the wife and her children
shall be hei master's, and he shall go out by himself.
" And if the servant shall plainly say, i love my master,
my wife, and my children; I will not go out free:
"Then his master shall bring him unto the judges; lie
shall also bring him to the door, or unto the door post; and
lus master shall bore Ins ear through with an awl: and he
shall serve him forever."
There is a statute ordaining, and creating sla-
very, coming from Divine authority, through the
first lawgiver known to man—vicarious law—
because Moses propounded the mandates of the
Deity, ordaining slavery, regulating it, and pre-
scribing the terms of the bondage, whether for a
term of years or forever. There is a statute or-
daining slavery.
Now, sir, let us go a little further. At a future
day, and while these children of Israel were still
in their forty years of pilgrimage, in Leviticus,
the third book of Moses, chapter twenty-five, be-
ginning at the thirty-ninth verse, still more ex-
plicit, beautifully, clearly, and intelligibly, it is
ordained, as the law of the tribes o£ Israel:
"And if thy brother that dwelicth By thee be waxen poor,
and bo sold unto thee, thou shalt not compel him to serve
as a bond-servant;
"40. But as an hiied servant, and as a sojourner, he shall
be with thee, and shall serve thee unto the year of jubilee."
You find here a distinction drawn between a
slave for life and for a term of years, as a hired
servant. The jubilee was every fifty years. A
term of years was prescribed where he was a
brotherof J,he tribes of Israel and was soldbecause
he waxed poor. The reason assigned is:
" Tor they are my servants, winch J biought foith out of
the land of "Egypt; they shall not be sold as bondmen."
But only for a term of years. Then, again, in
the following verse:
"44. Both thy bondmen and thy bondmaids, which thou
shale have, f=ha]l be of the heathen that aiu louml about
you; of them shall youbuj- bondmen and bondmaids."
Having in the preceding verse established the
distinction between a "bondman" and a "hired
servant," he goes on and makes it still more ex-
plicit:
"45. Moreover of the children of the strangers th,at do
sojourn amoug you, of them shall ye buy, and of their fam-
ilies that are with you, winch they begat in your land: and
they shall be your possession.
" 4G. And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your
children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they
shall be your bondmen torever: butowryourbiethren, the
childien of Israel, ye shall not rule one over another with
rigor."
Now, Mr. President, if there be any lex scripta,
law written, known to any civilized country at this
day, excepting these statutes of Moses in the days
of the theocracy, creating, establishing, or insti-
tuting slavery, I do not know where it is. It is
certainly not to bo found in any code in this coun-
try. Moses ordained it in the forty years' pil-
grimage of the twelve tribes of Israel whilst the
Almighty was redeeming tlieni from bondage in
Egypt. There never was a period known to man
when bondage, as Moses terms it—slavery, as we
term it—did not exist upon that continent; and I
affirm again tiiat no law was required to transplant
it. The international laws and the common law |
did the work. When one of these bondsmen, as i
such, having the condition attached to him in
AiVica, was brought to this country, there was
no la.w to establish his status, to found it, to insti-
tute it; but abundance of law to recognize it.
Now, Mr. President, I hope I have shown that
there is something in these resolutions more than
a mere abstraction; that thgy involve questions of
substantial right in the slaveholdingStates which
they have never parted with or compromised;
which they have a right to demand, and whicli
ought to bo granted, under the strictest construc-
tion of this doctrine of "non-intervention" in
the legislation of 1850. I trust it is sho<vn that
this idea of popular sovereign ty—I havehot called
it by the ordinary term, which seems to be one
of derision, " squatter sovereignty "—that no sov-
ereignty can exist m the Territories, or ever can
exist there whilst in territorial relation; none is
infused into them by the organic law. I have not
adverted to any of the party topics of the day.
I have not adverted to the convention at Charles-
ton; to anything that transpired there, further
than to show this as a disturbing element, a very
threatening one, in the counsels of one of the
great parties of.the country.
My earnest anxiety is, that the Government
which has been transmitted to us by our fore-
fathers shsffl be preserved. I am attached to it,
as you all are, doubtless, not only because itcame
as an inheritance from an honored line of ances-
tors, but because of its intrinsic merit, its excel-
lence in itself. It seems almost to have been the
worlc of an inspiration of the day. You might
bring any body of men together now, I care not
who, endowed with every intellectual and moral
faculty, with the highest obligations of honor,
loyalty, and patriotism upon them, and obliterate
the Constitution from your statute-book, and they
never could replace it—never.
Mr. President, the Union can be preserved, and
it is the duty of all good men to do it—a duty not
of patriotism alone, but of probity. It is a duty
we owe to our race; it is a duty we owe to the
world. I declare to-day—the judgment of Sen-
ators will confirm it—this Union once dissolved,
it is gone forever; alliance between these States
is gone forever; there is no human power that
can restore it. What is to destroy it? I say it
with entire respect to all around me, there is
nothing that can destroy it, if it is administered
by the functionaries of the Government loyally,
honestly, and honorably; in other words, if they
and then- constituents will keep the bargain which
their lathers made.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OP HON. JAMES WILSON,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 1, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tile Union—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. Chairman: My first duty is to return my
thanks to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cur-
ry.] It will be remembered that early in the ses-
sion that honorable gentleman saw proper, in an
able and ingenious speech, to acquit the Repub-
lican party of all complicity with any illegal in-
vasion or insurrection whatever. Sir, it is for
this I thank him. It was generous; but still not
more generous than just. It is gratifying,in these
times of crimination and recrimination, of excite-
ment and clamor, to see any gentleman rising
above his prejudices, to perform an act of simple
justice to a great party. I thank him also for the
clear, explicit, manly, declaration of his princi-
ples. It was direct, tangible, and straightforward.
Now, sir, impressed with his example, I wish,
so far as I possess the power, to declare what 1
conceive to be my duty under all my obligations
to the Constitution and the Union. With inva-
sion, with insurrection, and with unlawful con-
spiracies, whether directed against the Common-
wealth of Virginia or the Territory of Kansas,
I have no sympathy whatever. Ours is a union
of States, not discordant and belligerent, but a
peaceful, fraternal union of American States. Vital
in every part, that which wrongfully affects the
