1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Treasury Department, Office of Construction,
Washington, D. C., March 20, J 880.
Sir : Referring to ihe communication of the Hon. Jacob
M. Kunkel, making inquiries in relation to the necessity
of aii appropriation for repairing the damage by fire to the
Baltimore custom-house, which was referred to this office,
I have the honor to repoit, that since the fire occurred, in
September, 1858, the occupants of that part of the building
have experienced very great inconvenience and annoyance
from the damage, and some of the rooms have been ren-
dered almost unfit for occupancy. The repairs of that part
of the building recently purchased of the Merchants' Ex-
change Company, which were made accord ing to the terms
of the contract with that company, have since been com-
pleted ; and for the convenience of the Federal officers oc
cupying the building, the proper pieservation ot that part
contiguous to the damaged pottion,and that it may com-
pare with the uninjured poi tion of the building, it is, in my
opinion, absolutely necessary that the lepaus should be
made.
In my annual report for 1859,1 estimated the cost of the
necessary repairs at $15,000. This amount, 1 think, will
be sufficient to put the building in good icpair.
The communication of Hon. Mr. Kunkel is herewith
returned.
1 have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, A. H. BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge.
Hon. Howell Cobb, Secretary of the Treasury, Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENSON. Ia that amendment in
order? If not, I object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
believe that it is in order. It is for the repair of
a public building.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offcrthe following amend-
ment:
To enable the superintendent of the Capitol extension
and of the extension of the Post Office Department to cou-
tinue the work upon each of those buildings, j$250,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a question of order
on t^at amendment. I hold that it is not in order
to this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. These are public, works.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairthinks that the
amendment ia in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; it ia clearly in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not a deficiency.
Mr. FLORENCE. I want to make it a defi-
ciency. I do not desire to occupy the time of the
committee, further than to explain the amend-
ment.
The appropriation for the extension of the Post
Office Department and of the Capitol extension
has been exhausted for some time, and a large
number of mechanics arc now out of employment.
They are waiting here for an appropriation by the
Government to continue and complete these build-
ings. They will have to be completed, and it is
a mere question of time when this appropriation
will be made. During this very pleasant weather,
and these very long days, mechanics can work to
greater advantage, and more profit to the Govern-
ment, than at any other period of the year. They
need*work very much; and I ask the committcc
whether it is not better to make an appropriation
at this time, than to delay it until the passage of the
regular appropriation bill, when we get further into
the summer, and when not half the work can be
got out of these men ?
And further, I desire to say that I believe it is
the duty of Congress to provide employment for
these men as long as they arc here, bccause it was
implied when we called thorn here, that we would
afford them constant employment. We invited
mechanics, skillful in their business, experts in
their profession, to come here to work upon these
buildings, and we impliedly promised them that,
until these works were completed, they should bo
employed. Now, I ask that the committee will
put into this bill, under the head of deficiency,
$250,000 towards completing these works which
aie now suspended, thereby giving employment
to these men around Washington, who arc starv-
ing because they are unable to get work.
Mr. SHERMAN. In deference to the Chair, 1
submit to his decision; though I think the amend-
ment is not in order. I would state, that at the
lastsessionofCongressanappropriation was made
for the Capitol extension; and m the regular ap-
propriation bill of this session there is an appro-
priation for the next fiscal year of §500,000 for the
Capitol extension, and §70,000 for the Post Office
building. This latter sum will be sufficient to
complete the Post Office building, and I hope the
§500,000 wiil be sufficient to complete the Capitol
extension. This appropriation of $230,000 would
interfere very much with the regular appropria-
tion for the Capitol extension. I think it should
be put into the regular bill, and not thrust in here.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he allow it to come in here,
stating that so much is in anticipation of the reg-
ular appropriation for the Capitol extension, and
so much for the Post Office extension.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will $250,000 be
enough ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Enough to effect the pur-
pose I have in view.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of Mr. Florence was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that this bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House, and that the
Senate amendments to the Military Academy bill
be taken up.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that this question about the Texas regi-
ment, Which is in the Military Academy bill,
ought to be decided at once, one way or the other?
And I think it may as well be done this evening
as at any other time There is but one amend-
ment to the Military Academy bill, and in that
the people of Texas are deeply interested.
Mr. CURTIS. That amendment will require
discussion. For my own part, I have something
to say in relation to it, and I know the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Reagan] will consume an hour
in its debate. It is now four o'clock, our ordinary
time for adjourning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow my motion to be put before he presses his
motion.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well.
The motion of Mr. Si-ierman was agreed to;
the deficiency bill was laid aside, to be reported
to the House, and the Military Academy bill was
taken up.
Mr. CURTIS. I now insist upon my motion.
Mr. STANTON. I believe I have the floor
upon the bill before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
having reported the bill, would have the right to
open and close the debate, but the gentleman from
Iowa was recognized, and madetlie motion that
the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 499, to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year enuing the
30th of June, 1860, and had directed him to report
th« same, with sundry amendments, to the House,
with a recommendation that the amendments be
agreed to, and that the bill do pass; also, that the
committee had had the Military Academy bill un-
der consideration, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr/SHERMAN. I call the previous question
upon the amendments to the deficiency bill.
The previous question was seconded, and-, the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments were then reported to the
House, and those upon which a separate vote was
desired were designated, as follows:
Third amendment, page 4, after line sixty-nine,
insert-
To defray the expenses of such delegates as may be ap-
pointed by the President of the United Stales, upon the part
of the Government, to attend the meeting of the interna-
tional statistical congress, winch is to meet in London in
July, 1860, §5,000.
Fifth amendment:
To pay George G. Durham, for twenty-two months' ser-
vice as clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affans, the sum of $2,566 52.
Sixth amendment?
For repairing damages to the custom-house oftho United
States at the port of Baltimore, caused by fire in said build-
ing during the month ol September, 1658, §15,000.
Mr. MAYNARD, I call for a separate vote
upon that amendment, and ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. KUNKEL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I desire to ask him a
question. As he is opposed to this amendment,
which I had the honor to submit to the commit-
tee, and which has been adopted, I desire to ask
him whether it has been suggested to him by
either of my colleagues from Baltimore to «ppose
this amendment ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am very much surprised
that the gentleman from Maryland should ask me
such a question. I take the course which I think
proper to take, and which I have a perfect right
to take, and I do it upon my own responsibility.
Mr. KUNKEL, I desire the gentleman to state
candidly his reason for opposing the amendment.
The Secretary of the Treasury has recommended
it. The appropriation was omitted by mistake at
the last Congress. It is absolutely necessary that
these repairs should be made for the public.con-
venience.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will state, with a view to
exonerate the gentleman's colleagues from any
censure, actual or implied, that not until I had
called for a separate vote, did I exchange a single
word upon the subject with either of them. I
-alone am responsible.
Mr. KUNKEL. Are they in favor of or against
the appropriation ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the vote will
determine.
Jir. HARRIS, of Maryland. I understand that
the gentleman from the western district of Mary-
land asked a question. 1 did not understand it.
Mr. KUNKEL. I did not address my ques-
tion to my colleague.
All the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, upon which sep-
arate votes were not asked, were then agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. Several of these amendments,
upon which separate votes have been asked, are
to be voted on by yeas and nays; and as it is our
usual time for adjournment, I move that the House
do now adjourn. These amendments will come up
the first thing in the morning.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion for a moment.
Mr. BRANCH. I will.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the several amendments have been
adopted; and also move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
Mr. BRANCH. I now insist upon my motion.
The question was put upon the motion to ad-
journ; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
following amendment.
Third amendment;
To defray the expenses of such delegates as may be ap-
pointed by the President of the United States, upon'the part
of the Government, to attend the meeting of the interna-
tional statistical congress, which is to meet in London in
July, I860, $5,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Fifth amendment;
To pay George G. Durham, for twenty-two months' ser-
vices as clerk in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, the sum of $2,568 52.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask leave to make an ex-
planation in regard to this matter.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must object, because no
opportunity was allowed to me.
The question being on the amendment,
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
. Mr. BRANCH. I now submit again the mo-
tion to adjourn. It is dinner time, and this thing
wiil come up the first business to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
rich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt,
Bingham, Blan, Blake, Brayton, Bnggs, Buifmton, Builm-
game, Buinham, Campbell,Carter, Case, Horace F.Clark,
John B. Claik, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Conkhng. Co-
vodc, Curtis, Dawes, Duel!, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ethei-
idge, Florcncc, roster, Frank, Ficneh, Guiley, Hale., J.
Monkon Harus, Hoard, Howard, Hughes, Hutcluns, Ir-
vine, Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, Kunkel, DeWitt C.
Leach, Longnecker, Loomi*, Lovejoy, Marston, Maynard,
McKean, MeKnight, McPhei«on, Moorhead,Nelson,Olin,
Pettit, Porter, Potter, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Schwartz, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Spinner, Stout,
Tappan, Tompkins, Tiiniblc, Vandever, Vcnee, Waldion,
Walton, Cadwaiader C. Washburn, Israel Washbuin,Web-
ster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and Woodruff—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Thflmas L. Anderson, Aver}*, Bocoek,
Brabson, Branch, Bnstow, Buieh, Burnett, Cobb, Claw-
ford, Curty, II. Winter Davis, Gartrell, Hardeman, John
T. Harris, Hatton, Hill, Holman, Houston, Jones, Landrum,
James M. Leach, Love, Macluy, Mallory, McCIernand,
MiUson, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Isaac N. Moms, Nib-
lack, Pendleton, Phelps, Quarks, Reagan, Iliggs, Rutfiu,
