744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
while I am in favor of curtailing the system of
public printing, I am also in favor of abolishing
the franking privilege, and of depriving parties of
their machinery and means of electioneering at
the expense of the Government.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rose some time
since, not for the purpose of participating to any
extent in this discussion, but simply to express
the great pleasure with which I listened to the
very important'announcement made at the be-
ginning of the debate by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Sherman.]
- I trust that the committee will adhere to their
resolution inexorably, and that this House will
at all times sustain them in it to the utmost. For
one, I am prepared so to do, now and to the close
of the session. At the same time, allow me to
say that I concur in the principle of the. fifth Sen-
ate amendment. In regard to the franking privi-
lege, the consideration of which has been intro-
duced into this debate, X do not propose at this
time to discuss that question at length, but to give
notice that if the Senate, or if gentlemen of this
House intend to urge persistently upon us the
ab.olition of this so-called and miscalled "privi-
lege," I do propose to debate it as earnestly and
as strongly as my ability will permit. For ten
years, sir—ever since it was proposed, in 1849—
I have made it the subject of much study and
reflection; and my opinion is made up in regard
to it, definitely and absolutely: fire cannot melt
it out of me. And I concur, allow me to say, in
all the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson]
has said in defense of this duty—this burden, as
he has justly styled it. Permit me, however, to
reply casually to the other gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garnett,] who'alluded three or four
times at least to the presidential machinery now
- in operation, or soon to be put into operation, in
connection with the franking privilege, that he
can set it all aside in a simpler and far more effect-
ual way, by changing the Constitution of this
Government and substituting in its stead an he-
reditary monarchy. The people choose the Pres-
ident under our Government; the people have a
right to all the information upon political subjects
which they can receive; and if wo arc not able to
speak and to do things fit to be done and spoken
here, we have no business in this Chamber; let
us resign, sir; go home, and allow other and wor-
thier men to be sent here in our stead, who can
do and utter that which is worth disseminating
among the people of this country. Let us have
Presidents and Cabinet officers and their subord-
inates, and committee men, too, who can send in
messages and make reports which are fit to be
read and to be circulated.
In regard to the only point which has been
made here against tins " privilege," that the ex-
penditure of public money is enormous, by rea-
son of it, in the printing of public documents, I
ask, gentlemen, why not lay the axe at the root
of the evil? 'Why, instead of striking at the frank-
ing privilege, under which these books are dis-
seminated among the people, do you not put an
end to thj publication of the books themselves,
and thus dry up this prolific source of stupendous
corruption ?
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman allow me to
state that 1 vote against all these orders to print
large numbers of the public documents; but the
majority of the House override me.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Other gentlemen
have voted, however, for the publication of these
documents, some of which, however costly, are
nevertheless of extreme value; among them, and
involving the largest expenditure, the Pacific
Railroad Surveys, for example. I tell gentlemen,
that, some hundreds of years hence, whether we
endure as one Government or are split into frag-
ments, and when we all shall have passed into
the silent sepulcher of legislative history, and the
attle temporary themes which now engross the
public interest shall have been forgotten, these
\olumet*will then be found to be augmentin0" in
value with each revolving year. These, sirfare
your monuments, more durable than brass, and
nobler far than the marble with which you have
built this Capitol, and those other splendid edi-
fices which adorn this city.
1 said, Mr. Chairman, that I did not purpose at
this time to debate this subject at length;nor do
I mean so to do. I have but alluded thus inci-
dentally to what has fallen from gentlemen; and
now, to return, allow me—without discussing fur-
ther the propriety of these amendments in them-
selves—allow me to express an earnest hope, in
the presence of the chairman of the committee on
the revision of the rules, appointed not long since,
that that committee will report a rule, joint or
otherwise, which will meet and remedy the pre-
cise evil here complained of. For one, I am pre-
pared to vote for such a proposition at any time.
We cannot, indeed, lay down a rule ourselves
whiot*. will bind the Senate; but, by virtue of that
same Constitution, and the same process of legis-
lation under which the Senate transmit these
amendments here, we, also, have an equal right
to adopt rules by which, after these amendments
reach us, we shall act upon them. If we can bind
ourselves, by general or special rules, in regard
to amendments offered, in the first place, here, to
appropriation bills, I see no reason why we can-
not make those same rules applicable to amend-
ments of the Senate sent to this House
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Ohio pro-
poses that we shall pass a rule making an amend-
ment of the Senate to an appropriation«bill out of
order. I suppose that no such rule as that was
ever heard of before. I submit to the gentleman
what would be the effect if the Senate were to pass
a rule maki ng an amendment of the House to one
of their bills, which did not suit their views, out
of order, in reference to the relations between the
two coordinate branches of the National Legisla-
ture ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have proposed no
rule of the character suggested by the gentleman
from Virginia; and,in reply to his interrogatory,
I will say that the Senate have a right to prescribe
the manner in which they will act upon amend-
ments of this House, and that we have precisely
the same right as regards amendments from them.
We can amend the 8ist rule, so that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall stand instructed,
permanently, to report adversely to every amend-
ment of the Senate annexing new legislation to
appropriation bills.
It was said a moment ago that the object was
to prevent any amendments being sent to this
House from the Senate. Not at all. They have
a right to increase ordiminish the appropriations.
They have a right to make new appropriations to
execute existing laws. I propose only to assert
the equality of this branch of the Government,
and to remedy a great and crying evil in legisla-
tion. It is not proposed—no man ever dreamed
of proposing—that we shall, in advance,instruct
the Committee of Ways and Means to reject all
amendments which may bo sent to this body; but
it is only proposed that there shall be a standing
rule adopted instructing that committee to report
adversely upon amendments to our appropriation
bills made by the Senate, which look to new and
independent legislation. That certainly is within
the prerogative of this House, and will preclude
that duress under which the House has been
obliged so often to agree to distasteful or obnox-
ious legislation, under penalty of being held re-
sponsible for the defeat of important appropria-
tion bills at the very last and expiring hours of
the session.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have but a
single word to say; but if the gentleman from
Ohio desirss to move that the committee rise, in
order to terminate the hour debate, I will yield to
him for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move, then, that the com-
mittee rise. j
Mr. BURNETT. You will not expedite the !
passage of the bill by closing the debate at this I
time. |
Mr. SHERMAN. W^ecan have the five min-
utes' debate. ;
Mr. BURNETT. I know that. I think the j
gentleman from Ohio had better permit us to dis-
cuss the bill up to the usual hourof adjournment. |
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the House to agree, j
tnen, upon an hour when the vote shall be taken j
upon these amendments.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Say half past four this af-
ternoon. [Objections were made from ail sides.]
Then, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Theaker
and Stevenson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes eighty-
eight, noes not counted.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to abill (H. R. No. 1) mak-
ing appropriations to defray the deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1859, and in part for the support of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1860,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move that
general debate upon the Post Office deficiency bill,
now before the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,be terminated within five min-
utes after its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose that is debatable,
as the gentleman did not demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the Post Office deficiency
bill.
The motion was agreed ta.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Grow in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
POST OFFICB-DEFICIEXCY BILL.
On which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The practical
question before the House now, it occurs to me,
is, whether the mischiefand inconvenience result-
ing from a refusal to pass to pass this amendment
of the Senate, which I regard in itself as a very
proper one, is greater than that which would rc-
! suit from our consenting now that hereafter, dur-
j ing the whole session, we will act upon all the
| amendments which the Senate may, by way of
amendments, make to the appropriation bills of
i this House. We must decide now what our future
i course will be during this present Congress. If
j we shall, because here is a proposition which we
j all concur in, and which we believe to be a wise
; and salutary one, depart from the rule that no
j independent legislation is m order upon an appro-
j priation bill, we shall have to depart from that
lule in very many cases hereafter.
There will be no amendment of the Senate to
an appropriation bill which some gentlemen will
not regard as exceedingly just and meritorious;
and a departure from the rule now will be urged as
l! a precedent for a similar departure on all such
i| subsequent occasions. -There isnodoubtwh.it-
| ever, that, by the rules of the House, these two last
j amendments of the Senate afe out of order upon
j this bill; and if we are to act upon Senate amend-
, ments which are out of order, amendments em-
' bracing independent legislation, amendments
| making appropriations for which there is no au-
thority by existing law, we had better change our
own rules and permit such amendments to be in-
troduced here in order that we may discuss them
and vote upon them intelligently. "Wo should do
the one thing or the other—decide that we will
not act upon such amendments of the Senate, that
we will resist them; or decide that we will change
! our own rules, and admit amendments here which
j look to independent legislation, which appro pi iate
l money for which there is no existing law, so that
j they may be discussed by the House. In that
j way only can we know what wo are doing in ref-
; erence to more than two thirds of our important
; legislation, if it is true, as has been said, that most
I of the important legislation of the country, for the
; last eight or ten years, has been incorporated upon
! appropriation bills.
j That was not the case merely during the Thirty-
j Fifth Congress, but it has been the case during
j every Congress for the last eight years. We know
; that five or six of the most important appropri-
i ation bills are sent to the Senate, for their consid-
| eration, during the last two or three days of the
1 session. It has been so, at any rate, for the last
four Congresses. They have been returned to us
loaded down with amendments. I remember that,
two or three years ago, at three o'clock in the
