746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
This profound discovery has just been made,
and what is the more remarkable, just at a point
of time, too, when the death rattle of this Admin-
istration is being heard, and when a large portion
of its supporters have, like ring-boned and spav-
ined horses, been turned out by the people on the
political commons, to die the death of dislnftior
and shame. Why, sir, this pretended reform is
all false pretense. If it was sincere, let them be-
gin where all agree great, fearful, and demoraliz-
ing abuses do exist. Let them begin where money
is poured out like water, for purposes that are of
no earthly or possible benefit, but merely to pro-
vide places for favorites.
Lop off your crazy California overland mail
routes, where, as I said before, it costs sixty dol-
lars to carry a letter and you receive ten cents for
it—and they have managed to cheat you out of
four cents of that; lop off your Tehuan tepee route,
costing the Government $250,000, and from which
it receives less than five thousand dollars; clean
up your marble yards, which lie like a wilderness
for three miles around this Capitol; cease paying
$10,000 for the designs of doors, that would dis-
credit a common Pennsylvania barn; cease your
pretended war in Utah, and your unparalleled ex-
penditures in transporting and furnishing supplies
to your army in Utah, merely for the benefit of
favorites of this Administration; cease making
mule contracts for the benefit of Lecompton con-
stitutions, and to sustain a thousand other evils
merely for party purposes; cease, I say, all these
great extravagances,and you will have no neces-
sity to rob and pilfer the people of a reasonable
privilege enjoyed by them from the foundation of
the Government.
But it is said the Post Office Department should
be made self-sustaining. Why so? Youmightas
well say that the Army and Wavy should be'made
self-sustaining also. Why not hire them out to
the warring European Powers ? This could have
been done in the Crimean and Italian wars.
U is alleged that $1,800,000 can bo saved by
abolishing the franking privilege. I do not be-
lieve one word of it. Every man knows full well
that the mammoth railroad companies control, and
will control, the postal department of this Govern-
ment, and there is no help for it. They conic and
go when they please; and my word for it, they
will charge just as much for carrying five bags as
ten. They must put on a car for that purpose,
exclusively; and it matters not to them, whether
it be full or empty. They will charge the same,
and it will cost the Government the same; and the
great bulk of all this mail matter is carried by
these railroad companies.
It is ridiculous to talk of making this branch
self-sustaining. If this is intended, then cut off
all non-paymg routes. Will the Senate agree to
that? I trow not. Yet, this is the principle on
which they urge this House to concur in their
amendment. l'\;r one, I am prepared (o vote
gainst the amendment on the ground that the
reasons given for this broadside at the rights of
the people—at the privileges of the people—are
falaeious—are not made m good faith; but is
merely an experiment to dragoon the House into
the support of a measure sounding-in reform; but
which, when unmasked, is a cruel and heartless
blow aimed at the interests of the people, and
savoring of dictation and arrogance, which I, for
one, will not submit too.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the word
" post."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give notice
that I shall insist on the gentleman confining him-
self to his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I am going to
speak in support of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and what gentleman will call me to order
upon that? I approve of the course of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I believe that if this
reform commences now,we shall have the appro-
piiation bills pass this House, and returned to
us from the Senate, pure and simple, as the gen-
tleman from Virginia says. 1 believe that if we
pursue this course now, and insist now upon re-
jecting these amendments, we shall save ourselves
a great deal of trouble, and that we will promote
the public business. I think that gentleman have
not looked at all the difficulties which surround
this question. I think one of the greatest difficul-
ties is in the hour speeches which are made out
of order upon the appropriation bills. I believe
that if the rule were so amended—and I trust the
committee having the subject in charge will report
such a change as to require that when bills are
under consideration the debate shall be confined
to the subject-matterunder consideration—we will
pass the appropriation bills in the first two or three
months of the session, and we shall then have the
balance of the session in which to transact the
public business, which is now sadly neglected.
Now., sir, in relation to these Post Office blanks,
the gentleman from Missouri, when he was upon
the floor, referred to the fact that this amendment
adopted by the Senate, would save seventy per
cent. The Post Office blanks are printed under
contract, and the price is fixed by law. I appre-
hend that that price is not higher than the price
paid for the public printing. The reason, prob-
ably, that profit is made upon the printing of the
Post Office blanks is because of the adoption of
stereotype plates and the peculiar form of the
press upon which they are printed.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this contract
system. I believe that it is a blow at the arm of
labor; that just as much as you reduce the price
of public printing, so much you reduce the pay of
the printers. I do not think that this Government,
which dispenses its favors all over the land, should
strike at the working men, and I believe that the
contract system does.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Q.UARLES. Mr. Chairman,I do notpro-
posc to enter into a discussion of this matter, for
five minutes is too small a time for any such pur-
pose. I concur in the amendments of the Senate,
and I think that the objections to them come now
too late. I appeal to gentlemen who have been
loud in denunciation of the extravagance and cor-
ruption of this Government to come up and sup-
port these amendments. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] objects that the amend-
ments are put here in the wrong place, and at the
wrong time. Now, I never knew a wrong time
or a wrong place to do right. A wrong thing
ought not to be done at any time; while a right
thing ought to be done whenever it can be done.
I hold, sir, that one of the greatest abuses in
this country is this franking privilege. It was
granted when we had no newspapers to spread ill-
formation before the people, and when printing
was mostly done at the scat of the General Gov-
ernment. Then, probably, it was necessary to
disseminate knowledge to our people; now, how-
ever, it is not necessary. I gather, all of us gather,
what we know from the public press of the land.
This privilege here, and this puolic printing, are
a heating furnace to keep up this sectional strife
between the North and the South. Let us meet
the Senate in these amendments, and adopt them.
It will not prevent the contractors for carrying the
mails from getting their money. It is right; and
let us do thifa thing now.
I am prepared, sir, to vote for the first amend-
ment; because I am assured by the distinguished
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and by
every gentleman who has spoken, that it will save
thousands of dollars to the Government. That is
sufficient for me. I have been sent here against
extravagance. I came here pledged to support
the right wherever I find it, and to denounce the
wrong wherever it shows itself; I care not whether
it comes from the Senate, or from this side or the
other.
I am opposed to this franking privilege; and I
am in favor of its abolition. I believe that that
privilege is a great abuse. I am told that two mil-
lion pounds of franked matter are carried through
the mails every year
A Member. Two million tons.
Mr. Q.UARLES. So much the worse. That 1
is the matter that has been loading the mails of
the country, and breaking the axles of our stage-
coaches. The half of it is not worth reading. Let
us, then, vote to abolish this franking privilege.
[Here tho hammer fell.]
Mr. Florence's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out all after the first word of the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. Chairman, during the four years that I
have been here, 1 have made up my mind to one
thing positively. There have been a great many
matters discussed here by wiser men than I am,
which have puzzled my understanding, and upon
which my judgment has not decidedly readied a
conclusion. However, sir, there is one propo-
sition on which I have come to a very definite
conclusion; and I do not believe there is a member
who has been here for. four years who has not
honestly reached the same ]roint, and it is this:
that the curse of this country is the hasty legis-
lation of Congress; that nine out of ten of the
evils which are brought upon the shoulders of the
people of the United States, are brought upon
them by the inconsiderate and hasty action of
-those they have sent here to represent their inter-
ests. And it is because the amendments now be-
fore the committee involve that very point, that I
feel an interest in the committee's decision.
Why, sir, what is the question involved here ?
Gentlemen have talked about various matters
which it seems to me arc not legitimately within
the scope of this discussion. The simple ques-
tion is, whether this House hastily, without suf-
ficient consideration, is going to yield a great prin-
ciple, because of a difference of opinion between
the two coordinate branchesof the national Legis-
turr, out of which arises the whole of this pro-
posed legislation. What have we done in this
matter' We have passed a bill required by the
present necessities of the mail contractors of this
Government, intended to relieve them by paying
the honestly incurred debts of the Government.
We put it through with as little consideration as
circumstances would allow us to give it, because
we realized the necessity of putting it through
promptly. Well, sir, when it went to tho coor-
dinate branch of this Congress, what did they do ?
It is not us who have delayed action, but the Sen-
ate ; and I say that we have a right to question the
good judgment of the other House for putting
upon this bill amendments for general legislation
which they must have known would create pro-
tracted discussion. All the hasty legislation of
Congress has resulted from the fact that we have
allowed the Senate to put amendments upon our
appropriation bills, not germane in their charac-
ter. When we have sent them clean bills, they
have returned them to us loaded down with amend-
ments for millions, and upon entirely extrinsic
matters.
Now, sir, this is the time and this the place to
strike at what we conceive to be an abuse. This
is not the closing hour of the session. We are at
the beginning of the session, and now is the time
to look the evil in the face, and to strike down this
practice. And if we strike it down now, we shall
have plenty of time hereafter to consider all the
appropriations we shall make.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Maryland
says this source of unnumbered woes is hasty le-
gislation, and he intended to apply that remark
to these amendments, which the Senate have sent
to us. Hasty legislation! Why, sir, for these
last five or six years, this measure has been agi-
tated upon this floor. There is, probably, but one
single question in the whole range of debate which
has been more discussed than this question, and
if this question- be now hastily brought in, and
our action be hasty action, God save the rest of
the matters before us.
I regretted to hear the member from Pennsyl-
vania say that this was an attempt upon the part
of the Senate to dragoon us. I shall trust to the
character of the House to protect itself against
being dragooned, and I shall trust to the integ-
rity of the Senate to commit no such act.
_ I regretted to hear a remark that Senators de-
sired to get rid of the franking privilege, in order
that they might indulge in private hospitality,
representing, as the gentleman says they do, ab-
stract States. It is said that members of the House
are burdened; but to that member, and to the
member from Virginia, [Mr. Mii.lson,] I say dis-
tinctly, and I have no doubt it is the opinion of
every other member upon this floor, except those
two, that if this franking privilege is a burden, it
would have been disposed of long ago.
I suppose the Committee of Ways and Means
expcct to be congratulated upon t lie magnanimous
simplicity with which they have inducted their
career into this House. At the end of the session,
if 1 find it is not a fig-leaf garment they have put
on, I will be willing to congratulate them. The
Senate is a coordinate body, and has the right to
