2710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June C>,
Mr. KILGORE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question. The Serjeant-at-
Arms is a regular officer of the House, with pow-
ers and duties prescribed by law. I understand
that, under that authority, he has no power \o ap-
point a deputy; but by this resolution you pro-
pose to confer upon him that authority. >
Mr. HICKMAN. The rule is express upon
that point. It authorizes him, or any person de-
puted by him, to serve the process of the House.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table, it was
put; and the motion to reconsidcr was laid upon
the table.
. Mr. HICKMAN. I now offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Doorkcepei be caUctl before the House
to answer fur tlio escape of Mr. Stanton, of Ohio, fiom
the floor of the Ilouse, atter lie was brought before the
House under its wanant.
I move the previous question upon the resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. What are the
facts of the ease ?
Mr. BINGHAM. All gentlemen know the
facts. Mr. Stanton was here and has escaped.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD TTndcr a misapprehen-
sion of facts, I objected tu nearing the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Curtis.] I withdraw my ob-
jection with a hope that he will be heard.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask to be excused from fur-
ther attendance upon the session of the House
to-day, on account of sickncss.
No objection being made, Mr. Curtis was ex-
cused .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Doorkeeper
\h now at the bar of the House in accordance with
its resolution. How will the gentleman have him
reply ?
Mr. HICKMAN. Orally.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The following
resolution has been adopted by the House:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper becalledbefoiethe ilou^e
to answer lor the c&cape of Mi. Stanton", of Ohio, from
the floor of the House, after he was brought before the
House under its warrant.
What have you'to say, Mr. Doorkeeper, in
answer to that resolution.
Mr. MAYNAND. I must object to this mode
of proceeding. The Doorkeeper h;is no right, by
the immemorial practice of the House, to address
the House. lie must present a response to the
lesolution in writing, Such has been the invaria-
ble practice. He is brought before the House, in
contempt of the House, for violating its orders,
in the same manner a5? a witness, or any other
person. The universal practice is to put in the
answer in writing.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order'of the gentleman from
Tennessee. An officer of the House may respond
as the Sergeant-at-Arms offered to respond; but
when a man is brought to the bar of the House,
he must respond jn writing.
Mr. FL0R1CNCE. I would call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that the resolution itself
requires him to appear at the bar of the House,
and to state certain facts.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
is correct.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should not have raised
the point of order otherwise than in good faith.
I made the point of order m order to preserve the
regularity and uniformity of our proceedings.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that the resolution was adopied, and a mo-
tion to reconsider made and laid upon the table.
The resolution is rather broader than it should
have been, perhaps, under the present state of
things. But it absolutely demands that the Door-
keeper shall be brought before the bar of the
House and answer.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think that
the Doorkeeper, in pursuance of the resolution,
should answer now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question which the House has ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will modify his resolution, and sub-
stitute the word " absence" in the place of the
word " escape."
Mr. HICKMAN. The word " escape " is
right. I do not mean to cast any imputation, of
course, upon the Doorkeeper. I only want the
Doorkcepei to state how Mr. Stanton escaped.
Mr. MAYNARD. This resolution is evidently
aimed at an absent member. This mode of an-
swering interrogatories in writing will give an op-
portunity for the absent member to have notice of
it, and perhaps lie can place himself in a more
favorable attitude before the House.
Mr. HICKMAN. That absent member will
not, I think, commend himself to the grace of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debo*? it not in
order. The Chair will submit to the House the
question whether the Doorkeeper shall respond m
writing or orally.
The question'was taken, whether the Door-
keeper should respond orally; and it was agreed
to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore called upon the
Doorkeeper to make his statement.
The Doorkeeper stated that, immediately on
the order being made by the House that the doors
should be closed, he directed them all to be closed;
that the assistant at the door to the left of the
Speaker's chair had allowed Mr. Stanton, in
some way or other, to escape; that Mr. Stanton
went out while other members, who had leave,
were going out, the assistant supposing that Mr.
Stanton had leave also; and that he (the Door-
keeper) had severely censured the assistant for
allowing Mr. Stanton to pass.
Mr. rTHEAKER. I desire to ask whether Mr.
Stanton was a prisoner after paying his fine ?
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair would
inform the gentleman from Ohio that, according
to usage, no member is allowed to pass out after
the doors are closed, except by the consent of the
Speaker, and then only on the member's parole
that he will not leave the building. That has
been stated frequently during the evening.
Mr. BRIGGS, (at Vive o'clock and fifteen min-
utes, a. m.) I move that the House do now ad-
journ. I ask, what possible use can result from
our remaining here ?
M r. H fOKMAN. I move to embrace the name
of Mr. Stanton m the resolution adopted a few
moments ago, requiring the Sergeant-at-Arms to
use all necessary means to produee members here.
I renew the resolution in the same terms, embrac-
ing the name of Mr. Stanton.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 uw to a question of
oider. Undci the call of the House Mr. Stan-
ton has been brought to the bar of the House,
and tried, and a penalty imposed on him. He
cannot be brought back under the same warrant.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order of the gentleman from
Georgia. Mr. Stanton having been brought be-
fore the House under a call of the House, which
call is yet in execution, he cannot be recalled. If
the officers of the House have permitted him to
escape, the responsibility falls on them.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring the name of the member who made the
motion for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
able to inform the gentleman.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would like to know whether
that member is present; and if not, whether some
action should not be taken against him for caus-
ing the enactmentof such a farce and then absent-
ing himself*
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the motion for a call
of the House was made by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Bottligny.]
Mr. ENGLISH. I should like to know if that
member is present?
Mr. VANCE. That member is present, and
sound asleep. ' [Loud laughter.]
Tne SPEAKER pro tempore. I now submit
to the House the question as to the power of the
Speaker pro tempore to substitute some other per-
son foi the picsent occupant of the chair. I have
been m the chair nil night, and am not well.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that a messenger be
sent to inform the Speaker that hn presence is
wanted m the House.
Mr. VANCE. Let tlr; Sergeant-at-Arms-be
sent for him.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no occasion for
that.
Mr. VANCE. Just as much as theie is for
sending him for other members of the House.
The custom has been for a Speak* r to keep in the
chair throughout the sittings Jf the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that no Speaker
ever did or could do that.
Mr. VANCE. I do not wish to seem wanting
in courtesy to the Speaker; but there was some
courtcsy due to my slumbers at half past two
o'clock in the morning.
Mr.MAYNARI). WhileMr.ClaywasSpeak-
cr, he has often left the House and gone out of
the District.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think the
suggestion of the Chair is correct, that the Speaker
should be sent for.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That course will
be pursued.
A messenger was thereupon dispatched to in-
form the Speaker that his'presence was required
in the House.
Mr. BIUGGS. While the Sergeant-at-Arms is
carrying out the order of the House, in bringing
members here, I conceive thatitwouldbenotatali *
improper, and that it will commend itself to the
good sense of the House, to take a recess for a
couple of hours.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. We cannot
take a recess. We can only adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion for
a recess is out of order. There are only two
mdtions that can be made at this time—the one to
suspend the call, and the other to adjourn.
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to allow my colleague [Mr. McKean] to
procecd with his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. BRIGGS. I thought the gentleman from
North Carolina was asleep. [Laughter.] I would
not have made the motion if I had thought he was
awake. •
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I suppose
that, under the rule of the House governing ua
while we are without a quorum, it is competent
for us to adjourn from day to day. If the House
shall now adjourn, it will adjourn to meet at
eleven o'clock of this day, when it will be in no
condition to transact business intelligently. 1
move, therefore, that when the House adjourn it
bu to meet on Friday, at eleven o'clock. Accord-
ing to parliamentary rules, we are now still en-
gaged in the session of Wednesday. The Consti-
tution gives us the power to adjourn from day to
day. The absentees who are brought in, in the
mean time, will be excused by the adjournment;
and I therefore submit the motion, hoping it will
be agreed to, and we shall adjourn.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. Less than a
quorum can only adjourn from day to day. The
; next legislative day commences m five hours and
a half from this tune.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I now sub-
mit the motion, then, that the House adjourn
until five o'clock to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. That would be
a change in the rules of the House, and therefore
not m order.
Mr. SPINNER. I submit to the gentleman
from Maryland, that if we sit here until eleven
o'clock to-day, and then adjourn, it will be an
adjournment until Friday morning, at eleven.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will the House meet at
eleven o'clock to-day again, if it adjourn now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr ENGLISH. I move thnt nil further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Has the gentle-
man from Indiana paid his fees?
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes, sir, I always pay my
fees in advance. I now move [twenty nunutes
before six] that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question recuned upon the motion to dis-
pense with all fuither proceedings under the call.
Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw tho mction.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move the gentlcman from
New York proceed with his speech.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I do not see why the gen-
tlemart'-frorn North Carolina should object. I
move to suspend the rules.
