I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
the last three years in Washington, or out of it,
without hearing these charges made. I should
like to hav^this matter thoroughly investigated.
I have offered this resolution for that purpose. If
the Senate, however, choose to change it, and
call on the Department to furnish the informa-
tion, I shall quietly submit to it, although I de-
sire avoto upon the question of the investigation;
and for that purpose, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand the Sena-
tor from Mississippi as objecting to the call for
information. I understand the honorable Senator
from Mississippi who offers the amendment, I
think 
Mr. "WILSON. The Senator from Florida
[Mr. Yulee] offers it.
Mr. MASON. I understand the object of the
amendment is only to change the mode of getting
at the same information. Certainly, when a Sen-
ator upon this floor declares he has just reason to
believe that there is mal-administration in anj^of
the Departments, lie has a right—and it is one in
which I fully concur—to have an inquiry made;
but I think, at the same time, with the Senator
from Mississippi, that it is to be made in such a
manner as, while it will give the full information,
will be least onerous to the Senate or those en-
gaged in the inquiry. As to the rumors and sus-
picions to which the Senator alludes, I have no
information whatever. I should rely very little
on rumor, especially in thesedays, when, as is
natural in the contests and struggles for power in
the country, some quarters to some extent seem
to strengthen themselves by throwing suspicion
elsewhere; but let the inquiry be made.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator from Mississippi to one
distinction in relation to this matter. Here is a
resolution whichimpliesachargeuponthehead of
the War Departmcn t—there is no doubtabout that.
The Senator who offered it avowed that he makes
it on sufficient satisfaction to his own mind that
there is abundant reason to make the inquiry.
The only difference between the two propositions
is, that one directs the committee to make the in-
quiry and to examine into the subject, with power
to send for persons and papers just as they see fit;
gives them all the authority to make a searching
inquiry to ascertain the facts in relation to the mat-
ter; the other is simply an invitation to the head
of the War Department to furnish the information.
Now, if he is implicated in reality, it would be in
his power to furnish what he pleased, much or
little, and at any rate send the matter along to a
very convenient time in which to furnish it. That
is the distinction between the two. Anybody can
see that one will accomplish that purpose; the other
will not.
Mr. GWIN. I think I heard it stated, that the
Senator from Florida [Mr. Yulee] offered this
amendment. If so, I desire to make a statement
to the Senate. I have just seen a note trom the
Senator from Florida, stating that he is very un-
well, and desiring if anything came up in the Sen-
ate that required his attention, that thatfact should
be stated,and that it be laid over. Ididnotknow
until I heard his name mentioned, that he had any-
thing to do with this question atall. I think, there-
fore, in courtesy to the gentleman, it had better go
over, especially as in a few minutes we shall have
to take up the special order.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from California
makes that request on the part of his fuend, cer-
tainly I will not object to its being laid over.
Mr. GWIN. That is the language of the note.
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Rice] had it,
and showed it to me just now.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to answer, in a j
sentence, the Senator from Maine. The organi- 1
zation of the War Department, and most of the
other Departments of the Government, is so com-
plete that it would be impossible for the Secretary
to conceal, if it were his purpose to conceal, a.
transaction which ran through several buieausof
his Department. Each bureau keeps its own rec-
ord. Each bureau keeps its own letter-box. In
the public document which has been read from
by the Senator from Massachusetts here, the
superintendent of the Capitol extension, in the
case to which he refers, objected to the action of
the Secretary. The Secretary, therefore, lias no
more power to present one side of the case than
if he were not to-day at the head of the Depart-
ment. The records of that bureau present the
other side of the case; present the objections and
the facts, all condensed., in the correspondence
between the bureau and the head of the Depart-
ment. If it were found in the course of the in-
vestigation that nothing could be obtained in this
manner, the authority now exists, without con-
stituting the committee a special committee of in-
vestigation, to send forany person and to ask him
for any evidence which the committee may deem
proper to ask. This is a proposition to consti-
tute the committee a committee of investigation,
to call in witnesses from all quarters, to bring men
here disappointed in relation to contracts, failing
to get contracts, and coming with embittered feel-
ings to give here a volume of testimony which, at
at last, amounts to very little more than their own
statements. It is that to which I object. The
proposition, therefore, to send for persons and
papers, and constitute the committee for this spe-
cial case a committee of investigation, runs into
an evil, as I think; and unless there Ue a positive
necessity for it, is a measure which should never
be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr..President, the Sen-
ator goes altogether upon a different line from the
Senator from Massachusetts. Onegoes upon the
assumption and the belief that there is something
to inquire into; that there has been something
wrong, and that that wrong can be proved and
can be shown; and he puts upon the table a reso-
lution calculated to effect that purpose. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi 
Mr. DAVIS. It can be shown by the record,
because the document he reads from is part of the
record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, on the other hand, goes upon the as-
sumption that everything is in black and white
about this matter; that there is really no wrong,
and that all this has been imputed by outsiders
who may be disappointed in getting contracts,
and will result in nothing.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I certainly understood
the Senator to intimate as much; that it would
amount' to nothing, coming from disappointed
men, who did not get their price, or because con-
tracts had not been made to their satisfaction.
Mr. DAVIS. I must have been very unfortu-
nate in my expicssion, if the Senator so under-
stood me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I certainly did. There
is no doubt about that.
Mr. DAVIS. What I did say was, that this
sending for persons or witnesses outside of the
Department might assemble those who came with
embittered feelings of disappointment to make up
a record of such statements; and that the facts,
as they belonged to the transaction, I supposed,
were matters of record.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And it might resultin get-
ting persons here who did know something, who
were not merely disappointed, and something
would he shown". There is the difference between
the two Senators. One supposcs-one thing, and
the other another. Now, sir, I confess that my
mind has been very seriously affected by these
rumors with reference to the War Department.
The Senator supposes that it is impossible to keep
anything back. It might be impossible for him to
do'it if lie was at the head of the Department,
but I do not understand that it is impossible for
another individual at the head of the Department;
whohas everybody underhis control, to say both
what shall come at a particular time, and when it
shall come. I think there have been more re-
markable breaches of duty than that in the De-
partment, or quite as much so at different times.
I merely rose to point out the distinction be-
tween the two propositions; that one was calcu-
lated to accomplish one object, which the Senator
from Massachusetts thought desirable; and the
other is not calculated to accomplish so much, m
my judgment. They go upon a different line.
For my part, I am satisfied, and better satisfied
than the Senator from Mississippi appears to be,
that we should make an inquiry aboutit, and that
there is something to inquire about.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not denied that there may
be something to inquire about. I do not pretend
to prejudge that question. I should be unfit to
examine "it if I did prejudge it. I do not say
whether there is something, or whether there is
nothing to be examined. 1 say, whatever there is,
the committee can comprehend from the records
of the Department. To what does it refer, sir?
To contracts. Can there be a contract which is
not matter of record ? Hare there been bids not
recorded ? Have there been orders to make con-
tracts without bids, and that still not to be a mat-
ter of record^ I cannot imagine such a case. The
order must have, been sent by the superintendent
in charge of the work; and if he has made con-
tracts without the previous advertisements re-
quired in the usual course, and in fact required
by law, I cannot imagine that we will not get all
that information by calling on the superintendent
to give us the record of his office.
It is not an investigation into the motives of
men. Itis riot an investigation into what the Sec-
retary might want to do, or what the Secretary
may hereafter desire to do. It is an investigation
into contracts made, and whether they have been
mado in conformity with the usages and laws of
the land, and whether those usages and Ikws have
been violated in a special instance. The Senator
from Maine seems to be proceeding on the theory
that there is something which does not in fact ex-
ist on the record of the Department. If the con-
tract exists we get it by calling for it. If that
contract has been made by a departure from the
laws and usages of the land, the fact appears in
the order which is directed to the office if it should
be violated; otherwise, in the failure of the officer
to comply with the torms of the law. He must
show the advertisement; show the bids received;
that he has'accepted the lowest responsible bid,
or that he has not offered it to public competition
at all. All this is matter of record.
I desire to conceal nothing; and if Senators will
charge some other committee with the investiga-
tion, I have no objection to send for persons and
papers. As to the Secretary of War, I doubt not,
m the consciousness of his own rectitude, he
would prefer, since the matter has been proposed
at all, that witnesses should be assembled and all
the testimony taken. I should not have confi-
dcncc in a man at the head of a Department who
would not urge upon his friends to give him an
investigation by persons and papers, if any one
lnid made the motion. Still, I do not wish the
Committee on Military Affairs to be charged with
it. I do not feel able to perform the duty. I shrink
from the performance of what I believe to.be an
unnecessary task; but, as I said before, if, in the
course of the development, it should be found
to be needful, useful, and proper, for the public
good, then I am willing to do it. As at. present
advised, I can see no useful purpose to beeffected
by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the consideration of the special order having ar-
rived, it becomes the du ty ofthc Chair to announce,
as the first business in outer, the homestead bill.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I move to
postpone the consideration of the special order
for the purpose of taking up a resolution which
I offered yesterday, and which, I ifeheve, accord-
ing to the rules of the Senate, is a privileged ques-
tion. It is in regard to the question of a recess.
The Secretary may read it, for the information of
the Senate. I presume it will not lead to any
protracted discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
riok in the chair.) The question is on postpon-
ing the special order.
Mr. WADE. What is the special order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The home-
stead bill. *
The motion of Mr. Slidell was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the following
order:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next, it be to meet on Monday next; thai when the Senate
adjourns on that day, it be to meet on the following Thurs-
day ; and that when the Senate adjourns on that day, it be to
meet on the following Tuesday, the 1st of May.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not consider it necessary
to enter into any explanation of the reasons for
offering this resolution. They are known to every
Senator. I confess that it presents itself some-
what as an appeal to the courtesy of our peers on
the other side of the Chamber. I believe it is a
courtesy that has never been heretofore refused.
Past experience renders it perfectly certain that
no business of any importance can be transacted
when there is a dispositionon one side to contest
