1768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
it, and a certain number of Senators opposed to
that measure are absent from their posts, either
from necessity or from inclination. It is evident
that 110 business can be transacted until the ad-
journment of the convention at Charleston. In
' anticipation of another event of a similar kind the
same observation doubtless would apply. Sev-
eral gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
will be disposed to attend the convention at Chi-
cago. Wc shall be prepared to extend to them
the same courtesy which we now ask from them.
They will meet with no opposition to such a prop-
osition on our side.
I do not think it necessary to make any further
observation on the subject. If it would be fair to
state any personal reasons as appealing particu-
larly to the courtesy of the Senate, I would refer
to the case of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee. Animated as he always is by a high sense
of public duty, he thinks that it would not be
proper for him to leave. He is very anxious to
go to Charleston; has been deputed by his State
to discharge what he considers a high trust; but
he thinks it would be inconsistent with the per-
formance of his duties as a Senator on this floor,
and particularly as chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, if he should absent himself for ten
days without a certainty that there would be no
important legislation during that period.
Mr. BAYARD. I only ^Icsirc to say that it is
for the Senate to decide. All I wish to know is,
whether it is their intention to transact business
during the ensuing week or not. I am not anx-
ious to go to Charleston at all. I should go in
obedience to what my constituents have instructed
me to do, if I could do so consistently with my
duties here; but I have no desire to go. I only
want a decision made. If the Senate do not really
mean to transact business, or do not expect to do
it, then I see no harm in passing the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana. It
would relieve our minds from the idea that any-
thing would be done here. If, on the contrary,
- the Senate are disposed to go on with their busi-
ness,then,notas a mere Senator, because I might
pair off and go away, but with the business be-
fore tho Judiciary Committee, which necessarily
falls primarily upon me, I do not feel myself at
liberty to be absent from my post, but consider
myself bound to remain and attend to those du-
ties. I only wish a decision, so that I may know
my eouvsc of action.
Mr. TRUMBULL- I think this is tho very
worst proposition which has been submitted to
the Senate. We arc to be here, adjourning throe
days at a time, for some ten days. I voted against
the proposition to adjourn for thirty days, yes-
terday, because I expected we would transact bus-
iness. I dislike to resi|f this appeal to courtesy,
as it is called. It seems to me there is no cour-
tesy about it. If gentlemen desire to attend the
convention at Charleston, they have had no diffi-
culty, I believe, in being able to pair off with per-
sons opposed to them upon the great questions
before us; and*the business of the Senate can go
on. Their votes would not change the result, if
they were paired oft* with some one entertaining
opposite views; but if we are to adjourn at all—if
this proposition is to be carried, and wc are to be
merely nominally in session—I, for one, will agree
to adjourn for thirty days. I would rather vote
for the resolution wc- had under consideration yes-
terday.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will thd Senator permit me
to suggest to him (because we do not wish to pro-
tract debate on this subject]) that we know a res-
olution of that sort—a joint resolution—would
not meet the sanction of the House. Therefore,
it is idle to talk about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ' I do not know that; for
they may be m the same condition in the House
that we are here. If the fact is disclosed that no
business is to be done, and each House is to ad-
journ three days at a time for ten days, really we
had better make an adjournment at once, instead
of coming here every third day. If this proposi-
tion is adopted, I will change my vote, and vote
to adjourn for ten or for thirty days. I would say
thirty days; because that would carry us over both
conventions, and not compel persons who live at
some considerable distance to return here at the
end'of ten days, to be here two weeks. I hope this
proposition will not be adopted. I am oppose^to
an adjournment in any shape. I think there is no
necessity for it. I think the great measures to
which I alluded yesterday require the attention of
Congress; and that wc should have a Congress
here, notwithstanding this session of a conven-
tion. Why, sir, here is a new State—Kansas—
to be added to the Union; and there are other great
measures, to -which I alluded yesterday, that re-
quire our attention. It seems to me we ought not,
at this time, to consent to an adjournment; and
especially ought we not to have this nominal sort
of adjournment, which will keep us here without
doing anything.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. As a matter of courtesy,
I think I am not deficient in a disposition to oblige
Senators \ but here is a proposition to incommode
sixty Senators, and oblige them to stay here ten
days longer, to gratify and suit the convenience of
one, two, or three Senators at the outside. Here
is a body of sixty-six Senators, and three or four
want to go te Charleston; and we are asked to sus-
pend all business, and stay here ten days longer
in the summer, simply because these gentlemen
want to go there. Now, looking upon all the Sen-
ate as equally entitled, I am opposed to this move-
ment. If the Senator will move to adjourn for ten
days, though I dislike it, yet if both Houses choose
to suspend business during that time, I will sub-
mit to the inconvenience; but as to this thing of
our being idle while the House is going on, and
those Senators who feel indisposed to be absent
while the Sonate is in session remaining here do-
ing nothing, I am opposed to it, and I put my vote
on that ground. I would gratify the Senator from
Delaware, or any other Senator, but I am not will-
ing to impose on the whole body this inconve-
nience.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope I have not been mis-
understood. I am one of the last men in this
body to ask the Senate to adjourn for any per-
sonal convenience of mine. 1 have no such de-
sire. I do not want to go to Charleston, as the
honorablo Senator says. I may view differently
from him, and from others, the transaction of
business by Congress, excluding the constituents
of every State in this Union from sending any
one of their Representatives or Senators to these
conventions, a&long as the system exists. I do
not approve of the system myself; but while it
exists, and the public sentiment of the commu-
nity sanctions it, I do think, deliberately, it would
be unwise, by the regulations of Congress, to ex-
clude its members from being membcis of these
conventions, provided their constituents choose
to send them there. I cannot understand how,
in the deliberations of such conventions, which
certainly are of importance to tho country, you
arc to exclude three hundred men who, from their
position, must naturally be conversant with the
political situation of the country, and with the
pubHc sentiment of the country, and properly and
rightfully ought, to the extent to which their
constituents will delegate to them the power, be
members of these conventions. It is on that prin-
ciple alone that I have the slightest desire to go
to Charleston. My constituents have chosen to
ask me to go there. I was willing to go. It is
personally inconvenient to me. It is personally
distasteful to me; for, Mr. President,! am not a
politician; I do not desire to enter into personal
combinations or to effect personal objects con-
nected with that or any other convention; but I
think a man owes duties even outside of his
senatorial duties; and therefore I should go if it
did not interfere with the performance of my
"duties here. I only ask the decision of the Sen-
ate whether they think it proper that members
of Congress should go to these conventions. If
they think not, I do not care about it. As to the
. point of personal convenience to myself, I do not
desire to retain other members here from the trans-
action of business. I only said if I were not
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I might
£0 whether the Senate chose to adjourn or not.
They took a recess four years ago. If they think
it unadvisable to do so now, the effect of which
will of course necessarily be hereafter, as well as
now, to exclude members of Congress from be-
coming members of these conventions, though
their constituents may desire it, then I am per-
fectly content.
I cannot abandon my post if business is going
on; for, as chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
there is business before the committee on which
it ought to act if the business of the Senate is pro-
ceeded with, and to act in the interim. Ifitisnot
FroeGeded with, of course I can act upon it when
return. That is precisely my position. I have
no personal convenience to ask about the matter.
I have no personal desire in the matter. I do not
wish any gentleman to sacrificc his personal con-
venience for any purpose of mine. I say it un-
hesitatingly, and I wish the Senate to decide upon
their own general views, whether they choose once
in four years, when these conventions arc held,
and the people of any portion of the United States
choose to sgnd their Representatives and Senators
in Congress as members of these conventions, by
proceeding with the business of the Senate, prac-
tically to exclude the whole of each body from act-
ing in deliberations of that kind, which I suppose
to be connected with the general destinies of the
country. If that be the view of the Senate, cer-
tainly they had better refuse a recess. If, on the
contrary, they agree with me as to the import-
ance of members of Congress, so far as the au-
thority is delegated to them by their constituents,
being allowed to go there, they will take the re-
cess; but it is no question of personal convenience
whatever to myself.
Mr. CAMERON. I dislike very much to have
an adjournment now, bccause there are various
questions in which my State feels a deep interest,
which I hope to have brought forward and acted
on during the session; amongst them, the Pacific
railroad bill, the homestead bill, and particularly
the modification of the tariff; and yet I have a
great love for all those kindnesses and courtesies
which prevailed in old times, and I hope will still
continue to characterize the Senate. In accord-
ance with that feeling, I shall vote with the gen-
tlemen on the other side who desire to go to the
convention at Charleston, telling them, however,
that when some of these questions shall come up,
and especially the tariff bill, I shall beg those who
are in the majority not to close the session on us
without a proper opportunity of having that ques-
tion discussed ana acted upon. I shall vote for
this proposition, because I perceive that no busi-
ness can be done here during the sitting of tho
convention at any rate; and I hope that I shall be
of more service in promoting the bills in which
my State is interested by adjourning now, than
by remaining here.
Mr. FOSTER. I had supposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, that after the very full discussion we had on
this subject yesterday, and after the very decisive
vote taken by yeas and nays upon the question,
the sense of the Senate was well understood as
being against this proposition for an adjournment.
I shall say nothing now to prolong the discussion,
but to reply to' a remark of the Senator from Lou-
isiana, who made a suggestion rather in the nature
of an appeal to this side of the Chamber to vote
forthisadjournmcnt. If it stood in my judgment
simply on a question of courtesy, after the sug-
gestion made by him I certainly should yield any
objection which I might have, and vote for the
adjournment; but the Senator, as he did very
courteously, suggested that he, and he presumed
his friends on that side of tho Chamber, would
grant the same indulgence to this side in an event
which is to happen before long, in which we might
perhaps feel the same interest which that side of
the Chamber feels now. Then, inasmuch as a
vote against the adjournment now will be consid-
ered as of course voting against this courtesy, if
it may be so called,to our friends on this side,as
well as on that, I consider the question of cour-
tosybalanced,and that we are voting todeny our-
selves just precisely what we are voting to deny
others; and in that state of things I can conceivo
no lack of courtesy. I certainly do not understand
it so; for if I did, as I said, I would change my
vote. I must, therefore, notwithstanding that
suggestion, vote against this proposition to ad-
journ.
! Mr. IYERSON. Is the resolution open to
! amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to strike out " Thurs-
day,'* and insert" Fridayso as to provide that
when the Senate adjourns on Friday, it be to
meet on Tuesday. ["Oh ! no."] I will barely
state the motive which induces me to move the
amendment. It is, that Friday is private bill day,
and I trust that that day will not be lost to pri-
