1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1769
vatc claimants. We might meet and transact that
business. There are some cases on the Private
Calendar that I am very anxious to have taken
tlp—one especially, in which my own State is
. pretty largely interested—and I desire to have the
* Private Calendar considered on Friday. I do not
see that it will affect the question of affording an
opportunity to those gentlemen who wish to go
to Charleston. [" Withdraw it!"] Well, sir, I
withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it bo read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next, it be to meet on Monday next, that when the Senate
adjourns on that day, it be to meet 011 the following Thurs-
day ; and that when the Senate adjourns on that day, it be
to meet on the following Tuesday, the 1st of May.
Mr. BAYARD, I think that the last clause
ought to be struck out, and " Monday, the 3Q(h
of "April," inserted. I doubt whether we can ad-
journ from Thursday to Tuesday.
Mr. SLIDELL. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I" hope the resolution will be
rejected. There has been a debate for some days_
on the subject in the Senate, and it has been asked
" Why shall we do this?" and the question has
not been answered. What reason is there that
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States should adjourn, because there may
be four or five gentlemen in each body who want
to go to a party convention? That seems to be
the sole reason. We have been sent here to do
the public business, and many of us are anxious
to get through with it and go home to attend to
our own legitimate business ; to return to our
homes and to our ordinary pursuits after we have
been discharged from the public service. I do not
object to any gentleman going to Charleston or
Chicago that wants to go. Let him go. It is very
likely that the Senate could get along just as well
withoutany half dozen of us, as with us; and gen-
tlemen who choose to go can pair off; but ifthey do
not pair off let those of us who are here go on with
business. If we do not do this, there is a great deal
of business that will be worrying us here to the
dog-days, and I know of no reason on the face of
the earth for this proposition except that gentle-
men may go down to Charleston with pay instead
of without pay. That is all the difference I see.
If the Senate adjourns over they can be away and
get their pay; but if we do not adjourn they go
there without pay. I suppose if it is useful to the
country for them to go there, they can stand the
expense themselves; but the machinery of the
Government ought to go on. A large number of
us have to stay here anyhow. Many of us do not
want to go; many of us have no business there,
and would not go if we had.
But, sir, we are sent here to discharge the pub-
lic duty, and there is not a sufficient number going
away to interrupt seriously the carrying on of the
public business. Therefore, I see no reason on
thefaceof the earth for this thing. Itis all wrong;
it is giving a dignity and importance, by the ac-
tion of the legislative department of this Govern-
ment, to irregular and unauthorized associations,
which I am unwilling to give.* I do not like them
anyhow, and I never did; and I desire to record
my vote against it. Let us discharge our duty,
and let them discharge the mission they arc sent
upon. I have nothing to say about it, and care
very little how it is discharged; but we meet here
under the Constitution, representative men under
the forms of law, whose duty it is to discharge
the public business and then go home, and 1 am
very anxious to do both. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to say a single word
in response to the Senator from Georgia. I doubt
very much whether the idea he has suggested, of
economy in the pay of Senators, ever entered the
brani of any man who proposes to vote for the ad-
journment. I hope not. 1 confess it never struck
me. The object in desiring the Senate not to sit
for the discharge of any important business, is to
accommodate Senators, who may be desirous, at
least, of exercising some influence in the decision
of large and important questions. I think that is
alegitimate motive for asking foran adjournment.
It can be done without any great sacrifice of the
public convenience, and without any injury to the
public interests.
Mr. BROWN. It does not make a particle of
difference to me whether the resolution passes or
not, so far as the Charleston or any other of these
conventions is concerned. 1 am as near them now
as I cxpect to be at any time. But if we are to
adjourn at all, I have preferred, and still prefer, an
adjournment for the whole month; because I do
not want to be kept in Washington loafing about
the streets doing nothing, when I can enjoy my-
self much better .somewhere else—not at one of
these conventions. Iam not going to Charleston,
and I hardly think I shall go to Baltimore, and I
am positively certain I shall not go to Chicago.
But I do not want to be kept here by our adjourn-
ing over three days at a time, or a week at a time,
the Senate meeting in the meanwhile and I not
knowing what they are going to do, fearful if I
go away that something maybe done which does
not meet my approbation.
I am willing to adjourn for a month, because I
feel quite sure that no important business during
that month will be transacted; and I think Sen-
ators will find at the end of the month, if they sit
here, that the public business has notbeen putan
inch ahead of what it is now. Every Senator
who goes away will go paired. That will make
a loss of two votes. The result will be, that im-
portant measures will be postponed from day to
day until after all these conventions are over.
The Senator from Georgia thinks it not exactly
dignified to adjourn on account of the meeting of
the conventions. That may be true; but we do
a great many things here that do not come up ex-
actly to the standard of dignity. If I thought the
business of legislation would go on without in-
terruption, as though tjo conventions were sitting,
I should be entirely in favor of staying here and
going on; but I know from past experience that
that is not going to be done. We shall transact
no business of any great importance; and it will
be a relief to Senators to be discharged from the
public service for a month, and allow them to go
home if they choose to go home, or go elsewhere
ifthey please, with the assurance that they can
stay away and nothing is to be done, and when
they come back wc shall resume public business
and goon. The public Treasury does not suffer;
as we are paid by the year.
Mr. TOOMBS. The remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi are erroneous as applied to this
measure, because it does have that effect. A
motion for adjournment for a month has been
defeated; that is not before the Senate; and his
remarks in favor of this resolution, if they are so
intended 
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. I am notgoingto
vote for this resolution. I only take the oppor-
tunity to show why I am not in iavor of these
adjournments for two or three days at a time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I called for the reasons for this
proposition, and the mover says the question of
compensation did not enter into his mind. I have
no doubt it did not, but I say Jiat is the only pos-
sible difference that I see. That is the way it
works; that is the effect. Whether so intended
or not, that is the necessary result, and that is
the only difference it does make to the gentlemen
who go away.
It is said that it is proposed to allow gentlemen
in this body to go to party conventions with a
view of exercising an influence legitimately. I
think it all illegitimate. They arc not charged
with thatduty. "Whatcvermay bo the respect due
to these bodies of consultation to select candi-
dates for the Chief Magistracy—which is, itself,
of much less consequence than gentlemen ima-
gine—it is certainly no part of the duty of Sena-
tors to abandon the Capitol and go to different
portions of the Republic, for the purpose of con-
trolling them m any way. If those who compose
them represent the people of the United States, or
the men who sent them, let them discharge then-
own duties; it is none of our business. It sub-
jects them oftentimes to grave suspicion to have
members connected with them, and it is some-
times objected to by those who go there. Who
are the gentlemen that go? Sometimes they may
afterwards be found in the Blue Book. 1 believe
most of the people I have seen about these con-
ventions, that I have ever heard of afterwards,
were found mainly in the Blue Book. That is
generallyjthe subsequent record of tlieir lives, for
one cycle of four years at least, which is most
commonly the life of these kind of people; and if
you want to find anything more about them after
the conventions, you are pretty, apt to find it in
the Blue Book, and nowhere else. I think we
ought to discharge our own duties which are as-
signed us under the Constitution, and let those of
us whodo not take an interest in these fitters,
who are herein obedience to the Constitution and
the will of the people, discharge the public busi-
ness, and then go home and attend to our own
business. That is what'I want to do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been asked for on the adoption of the
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken.
Mr. PUGH. I vote on this question because
the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons,]
who is authorized to decide as between me and
the gentleman with whom I am paired, on which
questions I shall vote, says I may vote on this
question.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bavard, Bright, Cameron,
Clay, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hale,
Hunter, Iverson, Kennedy, King, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Slide!!, Sumner,
Thomson, and Wilson—28. *
NAYS —Messrs. Bragg, Brown, Chandler, Ohesnut,
Cl.uk Clingman, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hamlin, Ilatlan, Hemphill, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson, of Tennessee, Nicholson, Itiee, Toombs,
Trumbull, and Wade—22.
So the resolution was agreed to, as follows:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next, it be to meet on Monday next; that when the Senate
adjourns on that day, it be to meet on the following Thurs-
day ; and that when the Senate adjourns on lhat day, it be
to meet on the following Monday, the 30th of April.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was rejected yes-
terday, which proposed an adjournment for thirty
days. 1 voted against that resolution; but now I
think we had better adopt it, as it seems wc are
to have a recess. ft,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senator
from Illinois that, under the rules, the homestead
bill must now come before the Senate, unless it
be postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 propose to lay it aside
informally until we vote on the other proposition;
for really, if we are to adjourn at all, I think we
had better have a thirty days'adjournment. Just
let us take the vote. I move to reconsider the
vote rejecting the resolution.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question rectirred on the passage of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the Speakenef the House and President
of the Senate adjourn the respective Houses on Thursday,
the 19th of April instant, at two o'clock, p. m., to Tuesday,
the 22d of May instant.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall now
vote for the resolution for the adjournment to the
longest time. It is very well known, and I pre-
fer to have it upon record,and toreicr to itagain,
that I do not concur in any part of this proceed-
ing; but if we are to adjourn for the Democratic
convention that is to meet at Charleston, I think
not more than one fifteenth part of the members
of Congress are called there by appointment as
delegates; and Congress can get along with a por-
tion, if not all the bills, without the assistance of
that fifteenth part, if they insist on going; and the
convention can get along without the assistance
of any of them, if they will consent to stay away.
Then, it becomes a natural and inevitable^conse-
quence that, if we adjourn this length of time for
the Democratic convention, wc shall be compelled,
in dealing with proper courtesy, to adjourn the
same length of time for the nextconvenlion, which
is to be held at Chicago. I shall vote for this res-
olution, because it proposes to extend over the
whole time at once. I shall vote for it as an es-
cape from the first; for the simple reason that,
when we adjourn for ten days now, we shall only
have about ten days or two weeks before we shall
be called upon again to adjourn for the Chicago
convention; and, in the mean time,gentlemen who
live near the capital can go home and attend to
their private business; they can go home and >>&v0
all the enjoyments and all that satisfaction which
are to be derived from a adjourn with their faixu*
