I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
32?
36th Cong....'1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. of Reps.
erty ? Do not, also, the laws of the States ? Shall
not the thirty-three States of the Union have their
laws in respect to the rights and privileges of
persons rccognized and protected by the Federal
Government? Is not the reasoning just as good
in the one ease as the other case ? Are gentlemen
ready to take the consequences of their doctrine?
Let us see how it would work. The State of
Massachusetts, under certain restrictions, ex-
tends to negroes the rightof suffrage. Why should
not Congress protect this right of the citizen of
Massachusetts? The Territories are common
property. Massachusetts has the same interest
in their organization and their institutions as Ala-
bama. This will not be denied. But, to proceed:
under the protection of State sovereignty, the cit-
izen of Alabama, with his property, proceeds to
the common territory. Beneath the shield of
the sovereignty of Massachusetts, her citizen also
proceeds to occupy the same Territory. Each
bears with him his State laws. They both meet,
and enter the Territory at the same time. Stand-
ing upon the common soil, the citizen of Ala-
bama, pointing to his slave, says: " This is my
property. He is my property under the laws of
Alabama. I claim the protection of the General
Government." To which the citizen of Massa-
chusetts would respond: " I claim citizenship
here. I claim the right, as one individual, to de-
termine the political systems and institutions of
this Territory. I claim this right under the sov-
ereignty and laws of Massachusetts, and I de-
mand the protection and recognition of the Federal
Government." Here, sir, is a dilemma. The sub-
ject of controversy is a negro in either case. In
what manner shall the point be settled? What
is the Federal Government to do? Both States
are equal and both sovereign, under the Consti-
tution. It is possible, in the determination of the
point of difference, Congress would consider for
what purposes that Government was formed. If
so, Congress would soon perceive that the rights
of persons are of a highercharacter than the rights
of property. It is possible that Congress would
deem it wise to understand what Marshall and
Story said as to the relation between the States and
the Federal Government. If so, the path of duty
would beclear. CongresswoulddismisstheStates
each to their own sovereignty, within their own
limits, under a common constitution.
But the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry]
also urged that the treaty of 1783, between Great
Britain and the United States, rccognized prop-
erty m negroes. Well, what of the treaty of 1783?
It was not made under the Constitution. It was
made with the States. If, then, there is any recog-
nition of property in negroes in this treaty, does
it not refer to the laws of the domicile from where
the negro was carried? It must be so. It could
not be otherwise. There was then no Constitu-
tion of the United States, and was not until five
years afterwards. But the gentleman says that,
when the Constitution wasadopted, the treaty was
made the supreme law of the land. This is true.
But it is also true that the Constitution, and the
laws of tho United States, as well as the treaty,
were also made the supreme law of the land. If
thereby " property in negroes" was recognized,
by the same reason it is recognized by the Con-
stitution; and if in the Constitution, then " prop-
erty in negroes" is as valid in the free States as
in the slave States, notwithstanding anything con-
tained in the constitutions of the fiee States. The
argument of the gentleman goes too far; it makes
"slavery national. It destroys the sovereignty of
the State.
Bat, the gentleman overlooked another and a
later treaty, to which I now call his attention.
It is the treaty of Ghent, made in 1814. It was
made by the authority of the United States, and
is also the supreme law of the land. Is the gen-
tleman ready to accept its conditions, and carry
out its stipulations? Is he ready to declare that
the traffic in slaves—not the African slave traffic,
not the coastwise traffic; but the "traffic in
slaves"—is irreconcilable with the principles of
humanity and j ustice ? Is he desirous to promote its
entire abolition? Will he use his best endeavors
to promote so desirable an object ? I imagine not.
Yet this the treaty of Ghent did. I commend
to the attention of the gentleman, not one, but all
tfie treaties of the United States, before he claims
from that source the recognition and protection of
slavery.
But the gentleman at length interposes the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Sir, I am no assailant of the Supreme Court.
While it acts within its sphere, as a coordinate
department of the Government, its decisions are
entitled to respect; when it goes beyond and out-
side its proper and constitutional sphere, then I
deny its right to control my action or command
my obedience. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States may do as other courts have done—as-
sume to itself dangerous powers and privileges.
It then becomes an instrument of oppression, and
not a tribunal of justice. In its late attempt to
arrogate to itself the powers of Congress, and to
assume legislative authority and the decision of
political questions, the Supreme Court has not
commended itself to the confidence of the people
of the United States. What the Supreme Court
has decided is involved in doubt. What it will
decide, should a case arise, is only too certain.
That it would decide in favor of the interests and
protection- of slavery, is universally conceded.
When, beyond controversy, such a decision
should occur, then our duty only becomes the
more our imperative duty, in every constitutional
method, to obtain a reversal of such a decision.
With justice and right upon our side, an appeal
to the judgment of the people of the United States
will not be in vain; and the time may speedily
come when we shall have supreme judges who
shall oncc more adorn the Supreme Court with
the wisdom of Marshall, the learning of Story,
and the purity of Jay.
Then I take it for granted that neither the Con-
stitution of the United States nor the treaties with
foreign Powers authorize and compel the protec-
tion of slavery. But, we are informed by the sen-
atorial resolutions that there is a period when the
question of slavery may be decided upon in the
Territories. What time is that? ft is when the
inhabitants of the Territory form their State con-
stitution. But what is this privilege worth if sla-
very is permitted to enter the Territory, and have
protection therein during the territorial condition?
It is worth nothing. Is it not an admitted fact that
if slavery is introduced into a Territory, the natu*-
ral and necessary result will be a slave State ? Has
not the character of every State in the Union been
determined by its condition whileaTerritory? But
if slavery is not only introduced, but protected,
will not a free State become an impossibility?
How could slavery be excluded ? By what pro-
cess? It cannot be done. The legislation, the
social customs, and the population, would all be
in the interest of slavery. Is it not wiser to re-
strict slavery at once by the sovereign power of
Congress ? Why extend and protect slavery, and
then trust to the doubtful experiment of its exclu-
sion? Sir, let us then be admonished by the ex-
clamation of a member of the English Wouse of
Commons, when the. bill for the exclusion of
James II. was pending:
" I hear a lion in the lobby roar j
Say, Mr. Speaker, shall we thut the door,
And keep ium there; or let him in,
To py if we can get him out a«am
This doctrine of the protection of human sla-
very cannot be considered too carefully. It means
that all new States shall be slave States. It can
mean nothing else. What a grasp at power 1 It
reaches at once from the British possessions to
the Gulf of Mexico. One question remains. Will
the American people sustain this doctrine? Will
it meet with their sanction and approval? That
it is now sustained and approved by the Democ-
racy of the South, admits of no doubt. That it
will be the creed of the Democratic party every-
where, North and South, is certain and unavoid-
able. Whatever resolutions may be passed in
conventions, Legislatures, or Slates, this doctrine
in the Democratic party underlies them all, and
will supplant them all.
Mr. Chairman, I must close. In the decision
of this great question of slavery, I know that
there are difficulties in the way; influences to be
dissipated, and prejudices to be overcome. But
still, it is no longer a question of compromises.
They cannot any longer prove acceptable. We
may adjust and readjust; but the wounds inflicted
in sectional strife will only reopen to bleed again.
The people wish a final settlement. If slavery is
right, then is the South right; and all her demands
should be cheerfully accorded. If slavery is
wrong, it will go do^n and perish forever. Not
all the obligationsof the Constitution, rigidlyen-
forced and strictly obeyed, can perpetuate it. The
fugitive slave law cannot; the slave representation
cannot; the Federal Government cannot. No,
sir ; no one, nor all of these combined, will be suf-
ficient against the continued inroads of an adverse
public sentiment—southern as well as northern
public sentiment. This is my opinion. ■ Do you
ask how is this question to be met? I answer,
in the Territories, by the sovereign power of Con-
gress. In the States, how? By invasion? no; by
insurrection? no; by servile war?-no; but by the
solemn act of the people of the slave States, and by
the act alone.
In the great struggle now approaching, the Re-
publican party stands the representative of free-
dom in the Territories. That it will be faithful
to its trust,is my conviction. There it will stand—
immovably stand—ncithertobedeterred by threats
nor awed by menaces. With Mirabcau, the Re-
publican party believes that privileges shall have
an end; the people is eternal. And if successful,
no matter with whom, it will ad minister this Gov-
ernment with all the powers of the Government.
Would this be a cause for the dissolution of the
Union ? No, sir. What means a dissolution
of the Union ? It means the overthrow of the
Constitution of the United States, to end in war
—civil, fratricidal war. It is folly, it is mad-
ness, to think of secession. I will not contem-
plate such an issue. I stand this day, and will
forever stand, for the Union—the Union and the
Constitution of 1787. I know, sir, too well its
value to throw it aside. I know that our safety
asapeopledepeuds upon its preservation. I know
that from a few feeble States we have, under its
guidance, grown in strength and increased in
power, until now we present the noblest structure
of liberty that has ever blessed mankind. Not
in all the Governments that now exist, nor yet in
all that have existed and disappeared since the
ages passed over the world, can be found its par-
allel. Then it is our duty, our solemn duty, to
protect and defend it from all attack; so that the
millions of freemen who shall come hereafter may,
in the full enjoyment of all its heightened bless-
ings and glories, exclaim, as we do to day, " the
Union, the Union, in any event!"
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to have
read, from the Clerk's desk, the following resolu-
tions taken from the Washington Union, which I
have obtained from the Congressional Library.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Indiana Democratic Club.—The citizens of Indiana,
temporarily residing in the city of Washington, have re-
vived the organization which was in existence during the
presidential contest of 1856, and which did so much effi-
cient service for the Democratic cause in that campaign.
The reorganization now, is to promote the same general
objects, and wc have no doubt that like good results will
be accomplished. The following is a list of the members:
" Hon. Finley Bigser, president; Hon.Thomas A. Hen-
dricks, Chauncey Adams, It, H. Bigger, Di. A. G. Brown-
ing, John M. Caldwell, It. S. Davis, Jesse L. Davis, Alex-
ander Dodge, S. G. Dodjre, John Dowling, F. D. Bowling,
Oliver Dutour, Cortez Bwmg, Carey Gwinne, Peter H.
Hale. S. It. Howell, Samuel J.Johnson, Charles T.Jones,
Daniel Itadebaugh, Theodore Read, James H. Robinson,
Dr. William F. Sherrod, George L. Sites, D. H. Slater, IS.
F. Slocumb. Thomas M. Smith, It. S. Sprouie, Geoige C.
Thatcher, W. G. Whittlesey.
" The following resolutions on the political questions of
the day have been adopted by the association :
"Resolved, That we coidially indoisc and approve the
President's inaugural address; hjs letter to Protestor Silli-
man ; Ins annual message to Congress, and his late spe-
cial message concerning Kansas a flairs ; and disapprove and
condemn the assaults which have been made upon his Ad-
ministration touching his Kansas policy, as ill-timed, un-
wise, and mischievous.
''Resolved, That, as Indianmns and Democrats, we re-
pudiate the new doctrine, that the submission of a consti-
tution to the direct vote of the people at the ballot-box is
vital to the admission of a Territory as a State into this
Union. On the contrary, we contend that Indiana, which
came into the Union with a constitution not submitted to
the people,isa State aslully andiegallyastho eiewSuues
which submitted their constitutions to the people prepar-
atory to their admission ; and what we claim for Indiana,
we are willing to concede to Kansas.
"Resolved, That while we regret that the constitutional
convention which met at JLeeompton, and there framed a
constitution for Kansas, did not submit that instrument to
a direct vote of the people; yet, as neither the Constitution
of the United States, the Kansas-Nebraska act, nor the pre-
