1770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
lies, and all the benefits of attention to their own
business; while a large portion of the members
of the American Congress in bofh Houses live at
such a distance that it is impossible that they can
do it in so short a space of time.
Just consent to give the whole time, and you'
equalize us, and we can all go home except the
California and Oregon Senators, and they will
hare to stay here. The representatives of the
Pacific coast must remain here; they have no
chance to go home; they are set apart to suffer,
and must suffer; but give us a month, and let as
few suffer as possible. I ask the privilege of go-
ing home too. I have some feelings and some
interests there, and I wish to indulge both.
The intervening time between the two adjourn-
ments will be very short, and the results of our
action duringthattime will livery little; and it will
only serve as a period during which the two par-
ties in both Houses of Congress will try to annoy
each other and to get some political advantage
in connection with the nomination that has
taken place on the one part, and is about to take
place on the other part; so that but little business
willbedone. I cannot but believe that the whole
thing is wrong from beginning to end; but as the
Senate have determined that they will consent to
an adjournment for ten days, I hope we shall be
permitted to adjourn for the whole month, and I
shall certainly vote for it under those circum-
stances.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and Kays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am unwilling always
on such occasions to object to any personal accom-
modation that gentlemen may desire by such ad-
journments; but on this occasion I have voted
against all the proposed adjournments, and I shall
vote against the resolution which proposes an ad-
journment for one month. It looks to me likcput-
tingan end to Congress in deference to conventions
that are about to meet to nominate candidates for
the Presidency. My opinion is, according to the
sentiments expressed by 'he Senator from Geor-
gia, in opposition to these Conventions. I have
no favor for them. It does not seem to me that
they tend to good. There is a sort of rivalry and
competition already established between Congress
and these voluntary assemblies, and Congress is
now called upon to waive, and yield even the
transaction of the public business for the conve-
nience of those who want to attend these meetings,
or because of the great interest and anxiety which
we feel in regard to them.
My motive is not so much for the loss of time,
as it is for the political effect such a proceeding
011 the part of Congress is to have. It diminishes
our own consideration. We who are here assem-
bled and convened, under the Constitution and
laws, to transact the public business, are to defer
altogether to these conventions. We adjourn to
make way for them, that the whole world may
have but one great object to look at in the polit-
ical hemisphere; and that, the conventions who
are to nominate candidates for the Presidency.
We have already felt the effect of these conven-
tions, in the sort of subordinate constitutions and
creeds in politics which they make. We often
hear them cited on constitutional questions. I
do not want to magnify them any further. It is
for this reason, more than from any regard to the
mere time that is to bo occupied, that I feel myself
inclined to vote against all these adjournments; and
notwithstanding it is a little repugnant to me to
resist anything that gentlemen ask for their ac-
commodation, I cannot on this occasion vote for
this resolution. I do not wish to diminish Con-
fress, nor do I wish to magnify these conventions,
y any such proceeding. Therefore, without
occupying the time of the Senate on this ques-
tion, I shall vote against the adjournment.
Mr. KING. I shall certainly vote against this
proposition to adjourn for thirty days; and I voted
with reluctance for the suggestion which came
from the other side of the Chamber, and %vhich
was asked on the ground of courtesy. Courtesy
is a Ht and proper thing in our intercourse; but I
think the action of the Senate should seldom be
determined in relation to its transaction of busi-
ness by a question of courtesy. I do not think
this is the place for a question of courtesy; but I
took into consideration the fact that there were
five or six Senators who were required to be ab-
sent, and perhaps their obligations to their con-
stituencies required that they should be absent,
and that it was not fair to press important ques-
tions to a vote, in the Senate, in their absence,
and that if we continued in session we should not
do that; and this vote to adjourn for a week, which
I gave with reluctance, was simply a pledge to
them that no business should be transacted during
the period of time they would be absent; but as
to adjourning over for a month, it seems to me
that it is a very undesirable thing for the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Bright, Brown,
Chandler, Clark, Collainer, Davis. Fitch, Foot, Hale, Ilam-
iin, Ilarlan, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Lane, Pugli,
Simmons, Sumner, Thomson, and Trumbull—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameron, Cliesnut, Clinginan, Critten-
den, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Gwin, Hammond, Ivcrson, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Latham, Mason, Nicholson, IUce, Toombs, Wade, and
Wilson—22.
So the resolution was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 499) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 3Qth of June,
18(30, in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 344) to
amend an act entitled " An act to amend 1 An act
to establish a criminal court in the District of
Columbia.' "
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had this day ordered the printing, at twelve o'clock
and ten minutes, of a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the House of Representatives, a copy
of the evidence, &c., taken by the board of Navy
officers for investigating the condition of navy-
yards.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Yice President:
A bill (S. No. 92) authorizing the courts to
adjudicate the claim of the legal representative
of the Sicur de Bonne and Chevalier de ltepen-
tigny to certain land at the Sault Ste. Mario, in
the State of Michigan; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 23) in regard to the
minister from Japan.
IIOCSE BILL REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (H. R.
No. 499) to supply deficiencies ill the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the :
30th of June, I860, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee oil Finance.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 41G)
to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the 1
public domain, and for other purposes; the pend-
ing question being 011 the amendment of Mr. Gwin,
to add, as an additional section:
Sec.— Jlndhcit enrr.tci!, That it^fial] be lawful
for any citizen of the United States, or lor any person who
may have dcclaied Ins intention to bccomc a citizen of the
United States, who shall be an actual scttlei,lo enter upon
and remain on any public land of the United States con-
taining minerals, not specially reserved for public uses,
withm the Stater, of California and Oregon, and to work
the mines on said land- for their own use and benefit, ac-
cording to tile laws and usages of the said States, respect-
ively, and no person who lias heretofore worked said mines
shall be regarded as a tiespasser against the United States:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall in any way
atfect or impair the existing rights of any individual who
may claim lands under any toreign grant or title.
Mr. WADE. As we are about to adjourn, I
do not know that we shall have the time to go
through with this homestead bill; but neverthe-
less, if no one wishes to debate it any further,
perhaps we may take all the votes that are neces-
sary to come to a conclusion upon it to-day; and
although I should like very well to bo heard upon
it, if we had time, yet, in hopes that the bill will
be finally acted on to-day, and before the adjourn-
ment, I shall forego the privilege of making any
observations upon it. But, Mr. President, as I
greatly prefer the House bill to the bill reported
by the committee of the Senate, and as thcseJ>ills
are now, 1 believe, well understood in all their
principles by the members of the Senate, I move
to strike out all after the enacting clause of this -
bill, and to substitute for it the bill of the House,
which I send to the Chair.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The Chair will state that there is an
amendment already pending.
Mr. WADE. Well, I move to strike out
everything, the amendment and all, and substi-
tute the House bill, if it is in order to do so.
Mr.-LATHAM. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will allow the pending amendment to be
acted on before he makes his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio is not now in order.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that the amend-
ment moved by the committee is an amendment
to the original bill. Then it is competent for the
Senator from Ohio to move to amend that amend-
ment ill the manner which ho proposes, by strik-
ing it all out, and inserting something else in its
place; but I suppose that the amendment of the
committee may be perfected, before the motion
made by the Senator from Ohio will bo in older.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to the vote
being taken on the amendment. I believe, how-
ever, that the amendment offered by the Senator
from California was submitted to the committee
that reported this bill, and that they rejected it.
I would say to the friends of the bill, that I sup-
pose, if this important amendment be attached to
it, it will endanger the passage of the bill, inas-
much as it refers to the disposition of the mineral
lands ill California and other States. It is not
thoroughly understood by me. It is a very im-
portant amendment. I hope it will not be fas-
tened to this bill, but will be brought forward as
an independent proposition, if it is important;
and I think it is really an important measure.
Mr. BROWN. I want to ascertain whether I
understand the present attitude of the question.
I understand that the pending amendment is that
moved by the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Commit-
tee on Public Lands have reported a bill in lieu
of all the bills that were referred to them, and to
that bill the Senator from California lias moved
an amendment. The question now is upon that
amendment. Inasmuch as that would perfect, or
tend to perfect, the bill now pending before the
| Senate, it is not in order, in the opinion of the
Chair, to leceive the amendment of the Senator
j from Ohio, which is to strike out the whole bill,
and insert the amendment offered by him, on the
ground that the original bill must be perfected be-
fore an amendment to strike it all out is in order.
Mr. BROWN. Then, I understand that the
report of the Committee on Public Lands stands
before the Senate as an independent proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WADE. That is so considered. Idonot
think it is in order, but still it is so.
Mr. BROWN. Then the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from California?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
case; and that amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. LATHAM. I should like to say a word
in reply to a remark thrown out by the Senator
from Ohio. If I thought for an instant that this
amendment would jeopardize in any degree the
homestead bill, in any important feature, I should
be opposed to its consideration by the Senate;
but I do not think so; and I think that the Sena-
tor stated incorrectly the action of the committee,
so far as this amendment is concerned. I do not
understand, as the members of the committee
have informed me, that they are opposed to this
amendment, but it is merely a question of policy
with them whether it should be attached to this
bill, or whether it should be introduced as an in-
dependent proposition Am I correct?
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to be understood
as knowing what transpired in the committee. I
only inferred it, inasmuch as they did not incor-
porate it with the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. My information is derived
entirely from the members of the committee—of
course it is not before the body officially. While
they were not opposed to this amendment in itself,
