1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
Colonel Joe Severns, of Philadelphia, a practical
printer.
The SPEAKER. The substitution will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 wish some other gentle-
man to be appointed teller in* my place.
Mr. Florence was excused from serving as
teller.
Mr. COX. I nominate A. D. Banks, of Cin-
cinnati, as candidate for printer.
Mr. BURCH. I nominate Charles T. Botts,
of California.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the name of
Colonel Joe Severns, of Philadelphia, and re-
nominate Adam J. Glossbrenner. I have per-
suaded Mr. Glossbrenner to consent to accept the
nomination; and he is willing to take the position,
if clected to it, as I trust he will be.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
substitution will be made.
Mr. COX. Then I withdraw the name of Mr.
Banks.
Mr. BTTRCH. Ascertaining that Mr. Gloss-
brenner consents to be a candidate, I withdraw
the name of Mr. Botts.
Mr. COBB. I desire to put in nomination Mr.
C. D. Dunmngton, a gentleman of ability, a prac-
tical printer, and a worthy man.
Mr. KEITT. Where is he from?
Mr. COBB. From the Distiict of Columbia.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Alabama a question 
Mr. COBB. I wish, however, to state em-
phatically, that if Mr. Glossbrenner is a candi-
date before the House, I will interpose no obstacle
to his election.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Glossbrenner is a can-
didate before the House, and I trust he will be
elected, too.
Mr. COBB. Then, that being the understand-
ing, 1 shall not nominate my man.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to inquire
whether the name of Mr. Banks has been with-
drawn ?
Mr. COX. I have withdrawn it.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Printer of the House for the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, with the following result: Whole number
of votes cast, 183; necessary to a choice, 92; of
which—
Mr. Defrees received £9
Mr. Glossbienner 83
Mr. Blanchard   2
Miosis. Gales St Beaton   2
Mr. Flanagan  1
Mr. Mitchell  1
So there was no election.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr- Dcfrees—Messrs*. Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Brtalc,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, Buffmton, Duilinname, j
Bui!ihaui,Buj roughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Caiter,
Case, Colfax, Conklmg, Curtis, JI. Wintei 'Davis, Dawes,
Delano,Duel], Dunn, Edsei ton. Edwards, Ely, Farn^woith,
Fentou. Feriy, Fo-tei, Frank,Goocli, Giow,Guiiev, Hale,
Haskm, llelmick, Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutrmii*,
Jivu.e. Junkm, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kcn-
yon, Kilgore, Klllinser, De Witt'C". Leach, Lee, Loonus
Lovejov, Maiston, MeKean, McKnight, MePher-on, iMill-
waid^ Moorliead, Morull, Mor>e, Palmer, Pettit, Portei,
Pottci, Chiistophei llobinson, Roycc, Schwartz, Sedavvick, !
Sherman, Spauldine, Spinner, Stratum, Theaker, Tomp-
kins, Tiain, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wyek. Wade, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Wa>Jiburn, Eilihu B. Wa^hbmne, Is-
rael Washburn,Wells, Wilson,Woodruff, andMr. Speaker.
For Mr. Glossbrenner—Messis. Gieen Adams Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Baiksdale, Bar-
rett, Bocock, Bonham, Botuler, Bouligny, Bovce, Briggs,
Bristow, Bureh, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Craig, Curry, John G. Davis, Keuben Davis, De Jar-
nettc. Edmundson, Florence, Fouke, Garnett, Garliell, Gil-
mer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, Ilmdman, Hous-
ton, Howard, Jackson, Jenkins, Jonc, Kent, Lamar,
Landrmn, Larrabeo, Leake, Lo<ran, Charles D. Martin,
Elbut S. Martin, Mavnard, McClernand, Medueen, Me-
Rae, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, S\d-
enham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Noell, Pendleton,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Qnarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C.
Robinson, Rust, Scott, Sickles,Singleton, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Stevenson, Stout, Taj lor, Thomas,
Vallandigham, Vance, Webster, Winslow, and Woodson.
For Mr. Blanchard—Messrs. Charles F. Adams and Stan-
t0i<\>r Messrs. Gales Sea/on—Messrs. Etheridge and
Stokes.
For Mr. Flanct°an—Mr. Edward Joy Morris.
For Mr. Mitchell—Mi. Wood.
During the vote,
Mr. DAVIDSON said: I am paired off on this
question with Mr. Tiiayer. 1 regret very much
that I should have been, for I should have been
glad to vote for Mr. Glossbrenner.
Mr. DIMMICK stated that ho had paired off
with Mr. Graham.
Mr. WEBSTER stated that Mr. Harris, of
Maryland, had paired with Mr. Steyens, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Somes; otherwise he should, of course,
have voted for Mr. Glossbrenner.
Mr. MALLORY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hall.
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Coyode had
paired off with Mr. Hughes.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Verree.
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. Scranton had
paired off with Mr. Stallworth, who was hour-
ly expected in the city.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Long-
necker had paired off with Mr. Harris, of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. FLORENCE. I insist on the rules being
observed. There arc members at the desk, con-
trary to the rules, and communications are going
on in relation to the vote that is being taken. 1
insist that gentlemen shall leave the desk. I have
so much confidence in my candidate that I trust
he will be elected.
The SPEAKER directed members to leave the
Clerk's desk.
The vote having been announced as above,
The SPEAKER. No election having been had,
the House will proceed to another vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that an an-
nouncement will be made here in a very few min-
utes, and before the vote can be concluded. I
suppose, therefore, there is no use in commencing
to take a vote. [Cries of " Vote!" Vote !" "Call
the roll!"] Very well, if it be the pleasure of the
House, let the vote be taken.
SECOND VOTE FOR PRINTER.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce the sec-
ond time for Printer of the House for the Thirty-
Sixth Congress, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, 183—necessary to a choice,
92; of which
Mr. Pefrees received SO
Mi. Glossbrenner     81)
Messrs. Gales & Seaton  2
Mr. Blanchard  1
Mr. Coombs  1
So there was no election.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham, Blan, Blake, Biayton, Butfinton, Bmhngame,
Kiirnham, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case,
Colfax, Coukliwz, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, Dawe^, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Las, rton, Edwards, Ely, Famsworth, Fenton,
F(iriy, Foster, Fiank, Goocli, Grow, Gurlev, Hale, flaf-kin,
Helmick, Ilickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutcluns, Irvine,
Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kilgore, Killinger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Loomis, Love-
joy, Mai«ton, McKean, MeKnight, McPherson, Miliward,
Moorliead, Morrill, Edward Joy Moriis, Morse, Palmer,
IVyek, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu
B. Washburnc, fsiael Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Wood,
Woodruff, and Mr. Speaker.
For Mr. Glossbrenner—Messrs. Green Adam5?. Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett,
Bocock, Bonham, Botelor, Bouligny, Boyce, Briggs Bris-
tow, Burch, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Ciaisr, Currv, John G. Davis,Reuben Davis, De Jar-
nctto, Edmundson, Florence, Fonke, Garnett, Gartrell, Gil-
mer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hill, Ilindman, Houston, IIovv-
aid. Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Landrum,
Lairabee, Leake, Logan, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Mar-
tin, Mnynaid, McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Mill-
son, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore,
Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Noell, Pendleton, Pevton, Phelps,
Piyoi, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson, Rust,
Seott, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, William N. II.
Smith, Stevenson,"Stout, Taylor, Thomas^Kallandigham,
Vance, Webster, Whitelcy, Wmslow, ancPrfood^on.
For Messrs. Gales $ Seaton—Messrs, Etheridge and
Stokes.
For Mr. Blanchard—Mr. Chailes F. Adams.
For Mr. J J■ Coombs—Mr. Carey.
During the vote,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: I understand
that, when a member rises to vote, he has a right
briefly to state his reasons for that vote, not to
argue the question. [Cries of " No !" " No!"]
That has been the practice, and I supposed it was
the rule. 1 simply desire now to know whether
that is the rule or not?
Mr. SPINNER. Is debate in order? If not,
I object.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
no debate is allowed while a rote is being taken.
So-far as practicable, the rule will be observed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a point of order;
and I do it from a conviction of duty, and a sense
of<justice. There are half a dozen members sur-
rounding the Speaker's table, or were a moment
ago, inquiring into and noting the result of this
ballot. Now I submit the point of order, that it
is not in order to ascertain the result until it is an-
nounced from the Speaker's chair.
The SPEAKER. The rules require that mem-
bers shall not stand at the Clerk's table while a
vote is being taken.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
DEATH OF HON. DAVID C. BRODERICK.
The following message was received from the
Senate by Asbory Dickins, their Secretary:
In Senate ok the United States,
February 13,1860.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from sincere desire ot showing every mark of respect duo
to the memory of Hon. David C. Broderick, deceased,
late a member thereof, will go into mourning, by wearing
crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, That, as an additional mark of
respect for the memory of Hon. David C. Broderick, de-
ceased, the Senate dq now adjourn.
Mr. BURCH. Mr. Speaker, the message from
the Senate just read announces to this body the
death of Hon. David C. Broderick, late Sena-
tor from the State which I have the honor in part
to represent upon this floor.
During the lifetime of Mr. Broderick I did not
bear with him the relation of personal intimacy,
nor even that of political friendship. Therefore,
sir, in the remarks I deem it my duty to make on
this occasion, it is not my purpose to attempt an
eulogy of his virtues; I shall leave the more ap-
propriate performance of that lust sad mark of
respect to his memory to others here, who knew
him better than I did. That, however, which I
believe he, in the exercise of Christian charity,
would have done for me in a transposition of cir-
cumstances, 1 now do for his memory.
Mr. Broderick, I understand, was born in this
city of Washington, in the year 1820, while his
father was engaged as an artisan on the Capitol
building. Here was passed his infancy; and since
"first impressions are the most lasting," who
shall say it may not have been while sporting
under the shadow of this building, that his youth-
ful breast was first inspired with that ambition,
laudable in every American citizen, to serve his
country in the most august of her tribunals, the
Senate, which he lived to consummate?
At an early age his parents removed with him
to the city of New York, where he passed his
youth and early manhood. It was in that city he
acquired that knowledge of his fellow-men and
cultivated and pursued that taste for politics which
so eminently characterized his after life.
In 1849 he emigrated to the newly discovered
" El Dorado"of the Pacific; and on the admission
of California into the Union, he engaged actively
in the politics of that State, and was repeatedly
honored by his fellow-citizens at the ballot-box,
occupying, by their suffrages, the positions of
Senator and acting Lieutenant Governor.
In the winter of 1857 he was elected to a scat in
the Senate of the United States, Having served
one Congress, he returned to the Stateof his adop-
tion, and died at the city of San Francisco, the
place of his residence, on the 16th of September,
1859. . ,
No one possessed a more determined will, or
greater energy of character in the execution of
his objects, than did Mr. Broderick. These two
characteristics are intimately associated and con-
nected with his whole life. And, sir, since he,
unaided by the advantages of a superior educa-
tion, without influential family or friends, before
reaching the meridian of life, rose from an hum-
ble position to one second only to thePresidency,
should not his achievements be an incentive to all,
whatever their rank in the beginningof life's battle
may be, to strive through adverse circumstances
for the high places in our republican Government?
At the time of his death, Mr. Broderick was but
thirty-n i ne years of age. His life, then, was short;
but his career was marked throughout with ex-
traordinary incidents. He is now g°he. The
good which men do live after them. Their errors
and frailties, if any they have, certainly die with
