I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
this is to be deducted whatever may have been
expended in getting to the market, and the rest
they put into their own pockets. In this instance
the tariff obviously fails upon the producer who
sells, and not upon the consumer who buys.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will allow
mc, I will give an illustrdtion right in point. A
man goes to Paris and buys him a coat for which
he pays twenty dollars, that being the market
price of the article in Paris. If he had purchased
the same article of a merchant in New York, who
had imported it and paid the duty upon it,the price
would have been thirty dollars. Does not the gen-
tleman see that if he had purchased his coat in New
York it would have been he, the consumer, who
paid the duty? That is an illustration precisely
in point.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am glad the gentleman has
put the case of the coat. I will answer him, and
answer him in such a way as will satisfy him, I
think, before I take my scat. I have met with simi-
lar illustrations of the same idea. A gentleman
from South Carolina once gave me such an illus-
tration. He purchased a costly shot-gun some-
where in England, brought it to this country, and
paida duty upon itof forty or fifty dollars. "Who
paid the duty V was his question—the same pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Ohio in relation
to the coat. Doubtless he paid it. For, if gentle-
men go abroad to buy coats and shot-guns, they
must bear the expenses of going and returning,
duties included.
To illustrate still further my position, take the
article of sugar. Let us suppose a tax of one cent
per pound, specific duty, is imposed in an Amer-
ican port, as provided by the fifth section of this bill:
that, according to the gentleman's idea, is paid
by the lady who uses it m her tea and coffee. Be-
fore the sugar comes to this country, or leaves
the port of Havana, H is subjected to a tax m the
shape of an export duty of one cent per pound;
that also, like the import duty, would upon the
same principle form a part of the price, and be
paid by the American lady who uses if in her
morning coffee and her evening tea. If that he so,
our consumer pays not only the import tariff we
impose for the support of our Government, but
also the export tariff imposed by the Spanish au-
thorities for the support of their Government. It
is a conclusion to which the gentleman's theory
obliges him to come; he cannot escape it. If I
believed in his theory, then, instead of raising the
revenue by import duties, I would impose export
duties; instead of imposing duties upon tea, sugar,
dry goods, and iron imported, I would impose
them upon tobacco, rice, and cotton exported, to
be collected from the foreign consumer, and thus
support our Government through our cotton fields
and tobacco and rice plantations. But how is the
fact, looking at the actual operations of trade?
I see before me a gentleman [Mr. Millson] by
whom I am honored with close attention to these
desultory remarks; who, although he may not
believe much in the argument, yet will appreciate
the illustration I am about to use. The several
States engaged in the production and manufacture
of tobacco have, in various ways, attempted to
reduce the tariff upon it in the countries of Eu-
rope where our tobacco is sent for sale and con-
sumption. Resolutions to that effect have, if 1
mistake not, been passed by some of the south-
ern commercial conventions. And the action of
the General Government has been invoked to the
same end. At the very last session of Congress,
a series of joint resolutions was passed "in rela-
tion to the tobacco trade of the United States with
foreign nations;" one of which is so much in
point that I beg to quote it:
" Resolved, That diplomatic negotiations with England,
France. Spam, and Austria, as well a< with China and Ja-
pan. ou«ht to be commenced, as soon as practicable, by the
Government ot the United States, with a view of obtaining
a modification ot the exiting systems of revenue and tax-
ation of those nations in i expect to American tobacco; and
for this purpose instructions ought to be given to our for-
eign mhu-t<T3, confute, and eommeicial agents in those
nations, hv the Executive of the United States, to use all
theii constitutional and legitimate functions m pioducing
so d( jtrable a result."
Such are some of the efforts of the American
tobacco growers to obtain free trade in this arti-
cle with other countries. Why is this? If the
European tobacco consumer pays the duty, what
matters it to the American producer whether the
duty be levied or not ? If it is paid there, it cer-
tainly docs not fall as a charge upon us. What
matters it whether the tax be ten, one hundred,
five hundred, or one thousand per cent.? Yet,
sir, our tobacco producers and manufacturers un-
derstand it very differently. Hence their efforts
in Congress and out of it to procure a reduction
of foreign duties. If they succeed, they under-
stand very well that it will inure to their benefit,
notwithstanding the theory of the gentleman from
Ohio. They know well enough that the foreign
duty is a burden upon them.
Mr. JENKINS, The reason why the tobacco
growers desire that the tariff shall be reduced in
foreign countries is, that it will have the effect of
diminishing the price, and thereby increase the
number of consumers, and the amountconsumed.
Now, in some of the countries in Europe the duty
is fixed as high as five hundred per cent.—five
times the price of the article here. Then, if the
gentleman's theory be true that the producer pays
the tax in such an instance, the producer would
be compelled to pay four or five dollars for every
dollar's worth of tobacco thus sent abroad.
Mr. MAYNARD. Thatdoes notfollow by any
means. The principle I am illustrating does not
lead to such a result. I will restate it—let my
friend understand me: if the producer is com-
pelled to go abroad to seek a market, he can only
get what his produce will bring in that market.
He must bear the entire charge of getting it there.
Of course, if he cannot sell it for enough to pay
his expense, he will not seek that market. jBut
where the consumer is compelled to go abroad to
buy, he must then pay the expense of transport-
ation from the place where he purchases to the
place of consumption, and he must incur all in-
termediate charges. That is the principle which
I have enunciated, and am endeavoring to estab-
lish as the correct hypothesis, applicable toevery
department of trade, and susceptible of a great
variety of illustrations. Take, for example, an
artielc which we do not produce, but which the
habits of our people render a prime necessity—
the article of coffee. It can only be obtained by
going to Brazil, to the East Indies, or to some
of the various other countries where it is raised.
We must go there to buy it, and of course must
pay all intermediate charges and expenses of
bringing it here and putting it in the hands of the
consumer, the duty included, if duties are im-
posed upon it, as well export as import duties.
A recognition of this principle induced Mr. Bu-
chanan, in his message at the last session of Con-
gress, to use the following language:
" i regret to state that the Government of Brazil etill con-
tinues to levy an export duty of about eleven per cent, on
coffec, notwithstanding this article is admitted free trom
duty m the United States. This is a heavy chargc upon
the* consumers of coffee in our country, as <ve purchase
half of the-entire surplus crop of tbat aiticle raised in
Brazil."
So of tobacco. If the foreign consumer were
obliged to have it either from physical or habitual
necessity, and he camc to this country to buy it,
of course he would have to pay the intermediate
chargcs, including the duty to his own Govern-
ment; but if the American producer be compelled
to take his tobacco abroad to sell, then he pays
the intermediate expense, whatever it is. If, as
is contended, the foreign tax on the importation of
tobacco comes off the consumer, and not off of the
producer, then why do our tobacco growers in
this country desire foreign Governments to abolish
or modify that tax ?
Mr. JENKINS. I will answer the gentleman
from Tennessee. It is because the reduction or
abolition of the foreign tax on the importation of
tobacco would increase the number of consumers.
Now, let me ask the gentleman a question. He
says that the tax docs not come off the consumer
eventually, but off the producer. If that were
true, remembering that there is in some foreign
countries a tax of twelve hundred per cent, on the
importation of tobacco—or, in other words, a tax j
of twelve times the price of the tobacco here— !
then, from every dollar's worth of tobacco that i
the American producer took abroad, he would !
lose twelve dollars. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer the gentle-
man's. question. I have not said that the duty
falls, invariably and of course, upon the producer.
On the other hand, I have endeavored to explain
under what conditions itfalls upon the consumer.
I will not repeat. In the case put by him, either
one of two things would happen. The duty
would operate as a prohibition of trade, unless
tobacco were an article of necessary consumption,
in which case, as I have said, the auty would fall
upon the consumer. I will putacase which will
make the principle obvious to the gentleman. In
the county of Amherst, in his own State, tobacco
is raised which issoldandmanufacturedat Lynch-
burg. My constituent also raises tobacco upon the
fertile banks of some of our streams, and may take
it to Lynchburg for sale and manufacture. The
one carries his produce five or ten miles to market,
and the other three or four hundred miles. The
gentleman will understand who pays the cost of
transportation, and whether that has any influence
upon the price which they respectively receive.
The Lynchburg merchant pays according to qual-
ity and the state of the general market, without re-
spect to the distance and cost of transportation.
That the producer must look to. Instances from
the actual trade of the country can be multiplied
indefinitely, and to the same point. Let me in-
vite the attention of the gentlemen who differ from
me to some of the provisions of the bill now under
consideration. By the tenth section, the following
duties are proposed:
" On beef and pork, one cent per pound; on hams and
bacon, two cents per pound j on cheese, four cents per
pound ; on wheat, twenty cents per bushel; on butter, four
cents per pound; on lard, two cents per pound; on rye and
bailey, fifteen cents per bushel; on Indian com or maize,
ten cents per bushel; on oats, ten cents per bushel; on
potatoes, ten cents per bushel."
Does any one suppose for a moment that the
price of these several articles will be thereby in-
creased to the consumer? Would potatoes rise
in market because imported from Ireland and pay-
ing duty ten cents a bushel ? Would a cargo of
wheal, shipped from the Baltic, command a bet-
ter price because it had been subjected to a tariff
of twenty cents a bushel? The importer of West-
phalia hams and Stilton cheese must pay these
duties out of his own pocket, and then sell in the
market in competition with our own farmers and
dairy men.
In the case of the coat and the shot-gun referred
to, the importer would be his own consumer,
uniting both characters in the same individual.
And herein lies concealed the sophism. If one
should buy a coat in Paris, and bring it to New
York to sell, he would sell it for no more than
the market pnee there, whatever it might be,
without regard to the original cost, the duty, or
profit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Suppose there was no duty
on coats imported into the country: the merchant
wouldgo to Paris and buy coats for twenty dollars;
he would sell them at a profit. If he brought them
here, and they paid a duty, then, as a matter of
course, the man who purchased them would, be-
side paying a profit, also have to pay the duty.
I look upon a duty in a tariff bill as a mode of
taxation, the most convenient mode, and as a
mode which incidentally protects American in-
dustry.
Mr. CAMPBELL. One minute. I differ
somewhat from the light in which the gentleman
from Ohio views thismatter. Take,formstance,
Louisiana sugar. Suppose the article worth ten
cents a pound. Louisiana, the producer, wants
to exclude the Cuban sugar; to have a duty
placed upon it, in order to let the Louisiana pro-
ducer have the control of the market. I deny
that a specific duty of five cents on the Cuban
sugar will increase the price to fifteen cents to
the American consumer. How will it operate
practically? It will either increase the Cuban
sugar, by making the price so high that it cannot
be introduced to our market, or the Cuban pro-
ducer will be obliged to reduce the price of his
sugar to ten cents, paying the duty, in order to
sell in our markets. How docs it affect the Amer-
ican consumer? He has the sugar at the market
price. Notwithstanding the five cents duty, the
Cuban producer is obliged to sell at the market
price. Every cent of the duty you pay on tea
and coffee, and such articles, amounts to a tax
upon the consumer, because we raise none of these
articles in this country. Wc have nothing to
compete with them. The duty acts as a direct
taxation upon the consumer, because the pro-
