I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
36ti-i Cons.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Martin.
Ho. of Keps.
$3,000,000 and $4,000,000. That report was print- i|
ed, but wc have heard nothing of it since. I would li
like to know of any gentleman on the floor, of |!
any shade of political sentiment, how long he jj
thinks this Government would last under that ||
mode of administration? In the first place, how j
would the States be compelled to pay ? What pre- i!
cept would issue to collect the revenue? How j:
many Stales-, do you suppose, would, $uaspontcy |;
regularly collect and pay over? IIow many de- h
faulting States would there be throughout the ij
country? From the days of Washington, of Jef- !i
fcrson, of Madison, of Monroe, and of the second !j
Adams, all of whom, at some time during their
respective administrations, and some of them more
than once, recommended the tariff policy, for pro-
tection as well as for revenue, in opposition to
free trade; from the time of General Jackson, who
was in favor of a " judicious tariff;" and of Mr.
Clay, the father of his American system—a sys-
tem of domestic policy which I have never been
able sufficiently ,to admire; for the longer and more
attentively I have studied it by the light of sub-
sequent events, and*by the more recent history of
the country, the more I am amazed at the pro-
found sagacity and forethought of that distin-
guished statesman; from.his time, and from the
time when Mr. Polk wrote the celebrated Kane
letter, which, according to the history of the times,
induced the people of Pennsylvania, in 3844, to go
for " Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of 1842," down
to Mr. Buchanan, I do not know of any promi-
nent public man connected with the administra-
tion of the Government, who has proposed any
other mode of raising our chief revenues than by
a system of tariffs on imported goods. It has been
an important question, and, unfortunately, much
vexed by political parties, whether our system of
duties should be so arranged as to foster and pro-
tect our own manufacturing interests. I have no
hesitation in saying that, in my opinion, it should
be; and I will state, in a few words, the principle
by which I think wc ought to be governed in
adjusting it.
It is our interest most clearly—I think it is the
interest of mankind—that the raw material which
can be useful only in a manufactured state should
be manufactured as near as possible to the place
where it is produced. For example: I would have
the cotton manufactured as near as possible to
the, house where it is ginned. I would spin and
weave the wool as near as possible to the fold
where the sheep.are sheared. I would forge the
bars of iron, and hammer them into their most
attenuated and costly forms, as near as possible to
the mine whcnce the ore is originally dug. That
is a policy so obvious that it does not require the
authority even of General Jackson to commend
it to the wisdom and good sense of every Amer-
can citizen, no matter what may be his political
predilections. But his reasoning upon this sub-
ject is so satisfactory to my own mind, that I will
venture to invite the attention of the country to
it. In a letter written from this city, in 1824, to
Dr. Coleman, of Warrcnton, North Carolina, he
uses this argument:
kV Heaven smiled upon and gave us liberty and inde-
pendence. That same Piovidenet.1 ha-5 blessed us with the
means of national independence and national defense. If
we omit or ldu^e to u>c the gifts winch He has extended
tous, we deseive not the continuation of Ills blessing. Ho
has filled our mountains and our plains with mineral*,—
with lead, iion,and copper;and given Ud a climate and soil
for the growing oi hemp and wool. These being the gieat
materials of our national deiense, they ought to have, ex-
tended to them adequate and lair protection; that our man-
uiacturers and laborers may be placed ma tair competition
with thoMi ol Euiope, and that we may have withm our
conntiy a supply of those leading and nnpoitant articles ho
e&sential m war.
" I will assk wnat is the real situation of the agncultumt?
Wheie ha.* the American farmci a market for his sutplus
produce r Except toi cotton, lie has neither a foreign noi a
home maiket. Does not this, clearly prove, when there is
no maiket either at home or abioad, that theie is too much
labor employed in agriculture? (.'omraon sense at once
points out the jemed). Take from agriculture in the United
States six hundred thousand men, women, and children,
and you will at once give a market for more breadstuff's
than all Europe now furnishes us. In shoir, sn, we liave
been too long subject to the policy of Biiti&h merchants.
It is tune we should become a little more Americanized,
and instead of feeding paupeis and laborers of Engtand,
feed our own ; or else in a short time, by continuing our
present policy, we shall all be rendered paupers ourselves. It
is, theret'oie, my opinion that a careful and judicious tariff
is much wanted to pay our national debt, and to afford us
the means of defence within omsolves on which the safoty
of our count!y and liberty depends; and last,though not
Icrst, give a. piopar distribution to our labor, which mu>t
prove beneficial to the happiness, independence, and wealth
of the commuriit}'."
Hence I would extend protection to those man-
ufactures, and those only, which work up our
own raw material—such as cotton, flax, wool,
iron, lead, and copper. This policy benefits alike
the agriculturist and the miner engaged in pro-
ducing this raw material, and also Ihc manufac-
turer and his operatives.
I listened with a great deal of attention to the
very well considered speech of the gentleman rep-
resenting the Boston district of Massachusetts,
[Mr. Rice,] upon the present tariff bill. If I un-
derstood bun correctly at the time—and my sub-
sequent perusal of his speech has but confirmed
the impression—when commenting upon the pro-
posed duty on the lower grades of wool, his ar-
gument was this: that these grades of wool are
not produced in this country; that they cannot,
therefore, come into competition with the wool
grown by our farmers, and should for this reason
be placed upon the free list. Now, if the fact be as
I understood him to state—and I know nothing
in reference to it,cxccptasstatcdbyhim—itdoes
not occur to me that it is wisdom or sound policy
to protect the manufacturer of these wools by
such an exemption. If we, in this country, pro-
duce only the finer grades of wool, let our man-
ufacturers confine their operations to them. At
least, 1 would extend protection only to that
branch of woolen manufacture which employs the
wool of our own farmer. Let those who manufac-
ture the foreign wools, take their chance in com-
petition with foreign manufacturers.
Mr. RICE. The statement I made—with the
gentleman's permission—was, that the wools im-
ported into tlus country were to a considerable
extent a class which did not come into competition
with American wools at all; but, by being used in
combination with the-finer wools grown m this
country, enlarged the scope of the wool manufac-
turer, and by so doing produced a greater demand
for the domestic wools. We consume all the
wool grown in this country, and go considerably
beyond.
Mr. MAYINTARD. If such be the fact, I mis-
apprehended that part of the gentleman's argu-
ment, and of course the illustration does not an-
swer the purpose for which I intended it. How
the fact is, of course, the gentleman ought to be
much better informed than I can be. The idea I
wished to convey was, that, in regulating a tariff
system, I would discriminate in favor of the man-
ufacturer who works up our own raw materials
and no others. Take, for instance, an article of
luxury merely, accessible only to the compara-
tively rich—say, kid gloves. If Alexandre or
Jouvm choose to establish a branch of the glove
manufacture in this country, and to employ one
hundred, five hundred, or a thousand persons in
the business, while I would tax imported gloves
upon revenue principles, so as tocollect the largest
sum from the class best able to pay it, I would
not, by any adjustment of duties, attempt to fos-
ter and protect their enterprise. I would leave it
to take care of itself. Our labor, of which we
have no surplus, could be employed more profit-
ably in other pursuits.
In establishing a free list, it seems to me this
principle ought to be carried out in practice. It
should include all articles of prime necessity
which we in this country cannot produce, such as
medicines and spices; also such articles of luxury
as the habits of our people imperatively demand,
like tea and coffee; and such as are necessarily
used in the manufacture of ourown raw material,
such as dyestuffs, and the like. Let them come
in free of duty, so that the people may procure
them as cheaply as possible. In a manufacturing
country like England, producing the raw mate-
rial in quantity so limited, it is doubtless sound
policy to admit the raw material duty free. It
would certainly be injudicious for her to tax im-
ported raw cotton, for example. Her labor and
mechanical skill arc in excess of her raw material,
and she must go abroad to supply the deficiency.
"With us the reverse is the case; the raw mate-
rial is in excess of labor and mechanical skill.
To exhibit more strikingly the contrast between
the two countries in this respect, indulge me in a
few statistics connected with the cotton trade.
Cotton" exported to foreign countries in the year ending
June 30, 1850:
Sea Island, ibs  8,236.463
AH other, « ...627,145,141
Total 635,381,604
Value  §71,984,616
In the vear ending June 30,1669;
Sea Island, lbs  13,713.55$
All other, "  1,372,755,0U6
Total 1,386,466,562
Value $161,434,923
Expoited to England alone,:
In 1850 lbs. 407,593,001 $46,876,098
3nl850 .... " 899,685,678 104,725,635
Our policy, then, is to encourage our manufac-
turing enterprise to work up our own raw mate-
rial. If labor, either foreign or domestic, sees
proper to introduce raw material from abroad,
and to establish the manufacture of itin this coun-
try,and can do so profitably, very well. Nobody
is injured by it. But it is not a species of indus-
try which appeals to us very strongly for encour-
agement, and I would leave such manufacturers
to take their chances in the general competition.
If anybody thinks he can manufacture watches,
forcxample,andcan compete successfully with the
other watch manufacturersofthe world,let him do
it. I would not protect him either by the impo-
sition of duties or an exemption from them.
And so with other similar articles. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts be correct in his state-
ment, that the coarser quality of wool is needed
in working up the liner wools of domestic growth,
and is not produced in this country, then he may
be right in his position that that description of
wool should come in free of duty. I can readily
understand the policy. A similar case occurs to
mc. In my own part of the country a great deal
of iron is produced. The manufacturers of the
finer qualities of castings, such as stoves and the
i like, in order to work our iron, find it necessary.
| I am told, to introduce a small proportion of the
Scotch pig. The policy of encouraging our iron
manufacture, by admitting Scotch pig duty'free
is obvious. And so I might give other illustra-
tions of my views upon this subject.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will say to the gentleman
that the rcferencc he made to our carrying the
State of Pennsylvania in 1844 by having inscribed
on ouv banners " Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of
1842," was a slander gotten up upon the Demo-
cratic party of that State. I have heard it often
repeated.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I will retract all I
said on that subject. I would not for the world
slander the Democratic party. I am incapable of
doing so. The gentleman is quite light in cor-
recting the inveracity of history. I rose rather
to explain my personal views, and to state the
grounds upon which I favor a tariff policy, than
to discuss the details of the present bill. Of
course, in matters of detail, I am compelled to
rely upon the intelligence and candor of gentlemen
who have studied the subject, and understand
better than I possibly can understand it. While,
therefore, I approve of the general policy of a
tariff, and believe that the present legislation on
this subject, crude, hasty, alid ill-considered, as
it confessedly is, requires to be essentially modi-
fied,! by no means commit myself, much less my
friends, to the details of the present bill.
SLAVERY aUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. C. D. MARTIN,
OF OHIO,
Im the House of Representatives,
May 10, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
.state of the Union—
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Chairman: I propose this morning fo sub-
mit to the attention of the committee a few obser-
vations on the anomalous condition of the coun-
try. On the one side we behold our fellow-citizens
and neighbors of the South arming themselves for
self-defense, against their brethren and fellow-
citizens of the North. They contemplate with
complacency the uncertainties and calamities of
