1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
night I was called upon by the Scrgeant-at-Arms,
who informed me that I was wanted at the House.
I told him that I was not abie to go back. 1 would
have returned had I been able. In the morning
I was called upon again, and I came. Having
stated these facts, I am ready to submit to any
penalty the House chooses to impose.
Mr. LONGNECKER. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused upon the payment of fees.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move, as an
amendment, that he be excused without the pay-
ment of fees.
Mr. WOODSON. I would ask gentlemen if
they are disposed to fine a gentleman who states,
upon his honor, that he was sick and unable to
attend ?
The question was put upon the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
So Mr. Periiy was excused without payment
of fees.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Potter, you have been
absent from the House without its permission.
"What oxcuse have you for your absence?
Mr. POTTER. When I left the House, I un-
derstood that a general understanding had been
entered into that the House should resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of hearing speeches
from members who wished to make them; and
that 110 business should be transacted. With that
understanding, 1 left for dinner. I had been here
ail day. I was not very much exhausted, nor
was I sick, but simply hungry; and I went home
for my dinner. After dinner, I went to my room,
about half past ten o'clock, read my newspapers
and letters, and then duly retired to my bed.
There was a great deal of noise and confusion
during the night; but I supposed it arose from the
serenading of certain aldermen in the city; and
though there was some knocking at the door, I
supposed it was by strangers. The Scrgeant-at-
Arms finally announced his presence, and I ad-
mitted him to my room. He said my attendance
was wanted at the House; and I camc up here
about two hours ago.
Mr. BURCH. 1 do not wish to intimate that
the excuse is too lengthy, but 1 suggest to the
gentleman that he shall reserve the remainder of
lug excuse for the next call of the House. [Laugh-
ter.!
Mr. BOULIGNY. As my friend's understand-
ing is so bad, 1 move that he be excused upon
the payment of fees.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hale, you have been
absent from the sittings of the House without its
consent. What excuse have you for your absence'
Mr. HALE. I have no particular reason. I left
the House at half past five o'clock last evening,
having paired off with Mr. Etiieridge upon the
vote upon the Missouri contested-election case,
understanding that no other business than that
would be transacted yesterday.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is no excuse. No
pairing oil" here.
Mr. HALE. I went to bed at my usual time of
retiring, and got up regularly this morning, when
the Scrgeant-at-Arms informed me that a call of
the House was proceeding. I immediately came
up to the Capitol, and have been here an hour or
two.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon the payment of fees.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Boniiam, you have ab-
sented yourself from the sittings o! the House
without its consent. What excuse have you to
offer for your absence ?
Mr. BONHAM. I left the Hall last evening
when the House icsolved itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. When
that step is taken at so late an hour, it is under-
stood that all legislation is done for the day. I
paired oil* with some gentleman upon theppposite
side of the House, and went home; and from that
time until half past seven o'clock this morning,!
heard not a word about the House being in ses-
sion. The Sergeant-at-Arms met me at that time
at my boarding-house, and told me that a call of
the House was progressing. .
I have only to say, further, that had I received
intelligence, I should at once, as is my habit, have
obeyed the summons, at any hour.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman
' be excused upon the payment of fees.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, I think, under the cir-
cumstances, that lie should be excused without
the payment of fees. He states that -he would
have come had he been notified.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That will notdo. That is
no good excuse.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move, as an amend-
ment, that he be excused without the payment of
fees.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. B.onham
was excused upon the payment of fees.
Mr. EDGERTON. At this hour (nine o'clock)
our committee have a meeting, and I ask to be
excuscd, for the purpose of attending it. lean
come in at any time. I make that motion.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. That motion
is not in order. No motion is in order, except to
suspend proceedings under the call, and to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is right.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then 1 withdraw the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Dora, you have been
absent from the sittings of the House without its
consent. What excuse have you for your ab-
sence ?
Mr. DUNN. I have been absent but one day
since the commencement of the session, on the 5th
of December last. I was here yesterday until
half past six o'clock, and was then paired off with
Mr. Clark B. Cochrane. J supposed the House
would soon adjourn. I knew nothing to the con-
trary until late at night, when I was tendering j
hospitalities to our distinguished strangers, the i
Japanese. 1 had a visit from the American ca- j
gle this morning. J obeyed the summons; and j
am here lo abide your wishes. 1
Mr. BOULIGNY, 1 would inquire of thegen- I
tleman whether this is his first or second offense? j
Mr. DUNN. The first. I have never beenab-
sent bi fore . i
Mr. BOULIGNY. I move that the gentleman j
be excused upon the payment of fees. j
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. John G. Davis, you I
have absented yourself from the sittings of the !
House without its consent. What excuse have j
you for your absence ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I remained here yes- ;
tcrday until eight o'clock in the discharge of my \
duties. 'When the House went into Committee !
of the Whole on the state of the Union, my un- !
del-standing was that no further legislative btisi- i
ness was to be done during that day. I retired ■
to my room, and was subsequently notified that |
there was a call of the House going on. The j
House heard my excuse, and I was discharged. .
I was exceedingly unwell; and after remaining a ,
while, I found that I could not stay longer with a j
due regard to my health. My health was para- j
mount to any obligation here. This is the only ;
excuse I have. j
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the gentleman i
be discharged from custody upon the payment of :
the usual fees. !
Mr. BOULIGNY. This is a second offense.
I object to that. [Laughter.] I move, as an |
amendment, that the gentleman from Indiana be
fined fifteen dollars and fees; because this is a
second offense. He was brought in last evening,
and he is brought in again this morning. If we
do not make an example of him, we shall never
be able to get along hereafter. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 rise to a point
of order; and I deem it of sufficient importance to
state it plainly, and ask the decision of the Chair
thereupon, if he decides against it, then the de-
cision of the House. The point is this 
Mr. BOULIGNY. Oh, if the gentleman raises
a question of order upon it, with the permission
of the House I withdraw the motion to amend,
hoping that the gentleman will go and sin no
more.
The motion of Mr. HOLMAN to discharge
Mr. Davis of Indiana, on the payment of fees, was
agreed to.
Mr. TI-IEAKER. I desire to know whether
it would be in order to send for several gentlemen
who have had a great deal to do in getting up this
difficulty, and have then left the House.' If u
would be in order, I should like to move to scud
for Mr. Traix, of Massachusetts, for Mr. rank,
ef New York, and for some half dozen others i
who voted to get us into this trouble, and. then
left the House. '
The SPEAKER. That motion w.auld not be
in order, at least until the casesof those who have
been brought in have been acted on. „
Mr. THEAKER. Well, sir, I desire tomove
to send for those gentlemen. There has b'ee&a
special order adopted to send for my colleague
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and I take it for granted
that what is good for a gentleman from Ohio, ip
good forgeut'lemen from Massachusetts and New
I York. ;
Mr. SPINNER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentlpman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] just
now voted' upon excusing his colleague, [Mr. Pa-
vis.] i submit that the gentleman has no right to
i vote, not having paid his fine.
[ . The SPEAKER. The Chair has already ex-
Cressed the opinion that when gentlemen have
een discharged from custody they have the rigKt
to vote without the payment of fees.
Mr. SPINNER. From that decision I appeal.
The question was taken; and the decision qf
the Chair was overruled by tlie House,
Mr. Pettit was next arraigned at the bar of
the House.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Pettit, I am directed
by the House to ask what excuse you have for
being absent without its leave?
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BOULIGNY. I hope the gentleman will
be brought down here at the bar of the House,
where we can hear him.
Mr. PETTIT. I call the gentleman from Lou-
isiana to order. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOULIGNY. Why, the gentleman from
Indiara cannot call me to order. He is the gen-
tleman arraigned. He has no right to speak, ex-
cept to make an excuse.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is called upon by the Chair for an oxcuse,
and he has a right to speak. The gentleman from
Louisiana is out of order.
Mr. PETTIT. I remained here yesterday, as
usual, from the hour of eleven o'clock until some-
time after six; a larger part of which time there
were, I believe, only some forty or fifty gentle-
men present. Not having partaken of any food,
and feeling some little unwell at that time, and
having some friends to meet, I went down to my
room. From my experience on former occasions
like this, it is my belief that when the House has
reached that point of exhaustion at which mem-
bers will not willingly remain, it is not in a con-
dition to transact business properly.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman hag no right
to lecture us. I object.
Mr. PETTIT. Is it competent for me at this
time to furnish to the House the reasons for my
absence or not.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I rise to a
question or order. The gentleman has been called
upon to make an excuse. He has no right to
express an opinion upon the conduct of members
who have remained here.
The SPEAKER. There is something m the
point of the gentleman from Michigan, and th,o
Chair suggests that he confine himself strictly to
the malting of an excuse.
Mr. BOULIGNY. That is the same point I
make. I want the gentleman confined to the mat-
ter of an excuse. . .
Mr. PETTIT. I desire to know what decision
the gentleman from Louisiana has made upon my
CaMr. BOULIGNY. How? What decision?
Mr. PETTIT. Does the gentleman from Loui-
siana "decide that 1 am in order or not? [Laugh-
tor. 1
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Loui-
siana has nothing to say at present. When the
gentleman is through, he proposes to reply.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 was proceeding to state what
I believe to be a well-founded conviction, that
when the House has been in session in the trans-
action of business from eleven o'clock until six
or seven in the evening, it is better for it to
adjourn.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I rise again to a question
of order. We do not want any lecture at all from
the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. PETTIT. A very benevolent law has pro-
vided that members shall receive $3,000 for their
servicos during a whole year.
