1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
docs not run pari passu with the other provisions
of the bill; and, in fact, it fails in three fourths of
them to have any connection at all, aside from
the ordinary difference of principle between the
two. The difference of principle in one case,
pointed out by the Senator from Mississippi, will
be found, by reading the section, to be this: the
party who is to obtain the benefit of this measure
will get it by making a declaration of intention to
become a citizen; while our bill allows the benefit
of the act to none but those who either are citi-
zens, or who, before they receive the benefit, shall
become citizens. There is a wide and distinct dif-
ference between the two.
In the next place, what is proposed in the pro-
viso to this amendment ? It may be that the Sen-
ator from California who introduced it, and the
other honorable Senator from California who has
advocated it, have not seen what is to be the effect
of it; but upon the reading of it, I cannot but
believe that it is equivalent to a cession of the
land, and is equivalent to putting manacles upon
the power of Congress, and upon the hands of
legislation here to such a degree that we shall have
no more connection with the land. What is it?
I will read the amendment, and I will ask you to
say what are to be the consequences of it. The
provision is:
"That it shall be lawful for any citizen of the United
States, or for any person who may have declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of the United States, who shall be
an actual settler, to enter upon and lemam tin the public
lands of the United States, containing minerals, not spe-
cially reserved for public uses, Within the States of Califor-
nia and Oregon, and to work the mines on said lands for
their own u^e and benefit."
There is no limit to it at all. There is no title
given, there is no pay; and there is the difference
that exists between the system that is before the
Senate under the bill of the committee and the
present amendment. We propose to give noth-
ing but what shall first have been obtained by-
paying the Government back what its actual cost
was. This is a naked gift. Again: the persons
who have entered upon these lands to work them
in the States of Oregon and California, are to do it
"For their own use and benefit, according to the laws
and usages of the said States respectively; and 110 person
who has heretofore worked said mines shall be regarded as
a trespasser against the United States."
There are several features in the amendment,
and I respectfully suggest to the Senators that
they are fallacious in the highest degree. But to
go on with it, we find the following proviso:
" Provided, That nothing heroin contained shall, in any
way, affect or impair the existing lights of any individual
wlio may claim lands under any foreign grant or title."
That is a matter of course. It could not do it
any way. The proviso is already the existing
law. When these parties go upon these lands,
under this provision, they go upon them under
the impression that there is mineral there. They
may stay there without any limitation as to time.
They will continue there, and will make, in many
parts of the country, their homes. It is in the
scope of the country that is reserved, under the
general law as it now exists, from public sale as
mineral lands, and has no system, in pointof fact,
now existing over it. What will be the condition
of Congress when you come to act upon it ? Pass
this bill with this amendment now, and to-mor-
row, if you should desire to pass a bill general in
its character, relating to the Territory of Wash-
ington, the Territory of Utah, the Territory of
Arizona, or any other Territory or any other land,
in any direction whatever, that is mineral, you
find an act which has already closed our power
there, unless we go 011 and repeal it; and if we re-
peal it, we must repeal it before the private rights
have accrued upon particular tracts of land upon
which these parties, by this amendment, are au-
thorized to settle.
If this proposition be adopted, as the Senators
from California desire, parties will go upon tracts
of land; they will build houses, establish homes,
and collect around them interests. They will ac- j
complish a vast amount of labor. They will feel j
then, and know, that they have expended money j
and labor upon the land, and when the Government j
of the United States comes forward to exercise its
Faramount ownership, and dispose of the land,
ask, can you or will'you do so; or could the
Senator from California sit quietly in his seat and
let Congress proceed to sell out the land from be-
neath those settlers without first making to them
full compeMsation for their homes ? Whenever
Congress take it upon themselves to allow them
to acquire rights like those, if they do not become
absolutely vested to such an extent that Congress
will be liable by law, 111 the Court of ClaiiBs, to
pay back what they have taken and destroyed,
they will at least obtain upon the conscience of
Congress, and upon the sympathies and hearts of
men, that kind of a claim which will compel Con-
gress to grant the land in fee at once, or to pay
them for the improvements which wo are about
to ignore and deny the existence of, or to sell
away from them. That will certainly be the con-
sequence. I maintain that that is not the way to
legislate.
Aside from these considerations which I present
now, there is much more to be said upon the
amendment. I can take almost every portion of
the section, and present some special objection to
it, at once having distinct relation to what could
be and would be a just and wise course in adopt-
ing it; but I do not want to go fully into the sub-
ject. Every time I read the amendment now points
come up at once distinctly to my mind. I do not
think the Senators themselves, and 1 respectfully
call it to their attention, can have minutely
studied this proposition. 1 do not think they can
say that they have submitted it either to the Com-
missioner of Public Lands, who has special
charge of the subject, or the Secretary of the In-
terior, and that it has received their indorsement.
Now let me turn the attention of Senators to the
consequences if wo do not pass the amendment.
By the bill that is before us we have taken no
action upon this subject. We have placed those
miners m no worse condition than they are at
present. If we pass no law in regard to them,
then the Senators must stand upon the position
which they say is theirs at present at home.
They say these people have got jaws among them-
selves, and are getting along quietly, and are doing
well; and that they only want one thing more,
and that is to put them in possession of the land,
to relieve them from the character of being tres-
passers on the public lands. If they are doing
well, I can assure him of one thing, and I presume
no one here will dispute it, that they have never
been annoyed as trespassers, and will not be.
The United States has passed 110 law in regard to
this subject hitherto. The United States hasdone
nothing with it, and this will have been tli£ first
action which will have been taken in regard to the
subject.
Now, sir, if we are going to act upon this sub-
ject, we ought to act upon the mineral lands of the
United States. I will state to the Senators from
California, that I took the pains, in connection
with this amendment, to go to the General Land
Office and make some inquiry on the subject, and
the information I received from them was this: if
you go to legislate for mineral lands in the States
of California and Oregon, what are you to do in
regard to Arizona? If you make such a privilege
as that, we shall have the greatest difficulty in the
Territory of Arizona. They referred specially
to it, and to circumstances that I cannot now rec-
ollect; to facts that will then be developed, as I
am informed, which, if wo adopt this amendment
and make it applicable to Arizona, would render
it entirely impolitic and palpably unwise. But,
sir, if California and Oregon desire that this sub-
ject shall be considered and legislated upon, let
them have their bill carried through the regular
and usual course, I assure them, on my part,
that I will contribute everything that I possibly
can, consistent with what shall be a just distri-
bution of those lands and the rights of parties, to
forward the interests of their people as rapidly
through this Hall as possible; but I cannot sanc-
tion tins amendment as it now stands; but partic-
ularly can I not sanction it as it stands upon this
bill. Neither can I consent that new measures
and new principles shall be inserted in the bill;
nor can I consent that those that are in it shall be
stricken out. If so, we shall be compelled to
abandon what is presented here with earnestness,
and which, if passed, will do much good for the
States which the Senators represent, both Oregon
and California, Much good will be done for
them, and they should be content with half a loaf,
and not fling that away because they could not
take the whole.
The effect of this amendment is, I do verily be-
lieve, to cede the lands, wherever they are settled
upon, to the States, for nothing whatever. The
Senator refers to the fact that the supreme court
of California has already decided that the mineral
lauds belong to that State. I venture to say the
Senators themselves do not concur in that de-
cision, or they would be reckless of our legisla-
tion here. They would put it all at defiance. I
presume the Legislature of that State does not
concur in it. It is amongst that class of decisions
of courts the soundness of which, I think, may
well be doubted, if it be as they say, and I havo
no doubt of it, that the court has decided that
these mineral lands belong exclusively to the
State of California, and not to the United States.
I beg Senators to take the course I have sug-
gested. Leave the mineral lands of California and
Oregon, with the mineral lands of Arizona, of
Utah, of Washington, and of the residue of the
United States, to be taken up and considered sep-
arately. If the Senator from California will refer
his amendment to our committee, we will attempt
to have the whole matter investigated, and see if
something cannot be adopted that shall not ba
partial to particular regions, and that shall be re-
ported and acted upon and prove to be consistent
with the interests, not only of their own peoplo,
but with the interests of the United States itself.
Mr. HARLAN. I merely wish to say to the
Senators from California, that the Committee on
Public Lands have no disposition to prejudice the
passage of a bill containing the amendment now
presented; but I have no doubt, if it be insisted on
as an amendment to this bill, they will prejudice
its final passage. The committee,! think, was
unanimous in the opinion that it ought not to be
attached to this bill; that it involved other princi-
ples not necessary to be considered in perfecting
this bill. Wo supposed it would becomc neces-
sary, in order to make a just disposition of such
a proposition as that, to consult with the Secre-
tary of the Interior, the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, and become familiar with the
laws and usages in the States named; for this
amendment, if it should pass, is an indorsement*
on our part, or a reenactment on the part of Con-
gress, of the laws and usages of the States of Cal-
ifornia and Oregon in relation to this subject. Tha
committee was not willing to take up the subject
and make that a part of this bill; but, as the chair-
man of the committee has already stated, were
willing unanimously to take the subject up at an
early day and perfect their knowledge on the sub-
ject, and make an early report. There was no
member of the committee, I think, that expressed
any indisposition to consider the subject and per-
fect our knowledge, and make an early report on
that subject. I hope, therefore, that the Senators
from California will not press this amendment at
this time. I feel quite suro it will be voted down;
and such a vote will probably prejudice the pas-
sage of the bill.
IVlr, LATHAM. The very reason stated by the
Senator who has just taken his seat is the very
reason why we do not press this measure. We
are the friends of the homestead bill; but we do
not want to appear before the country and our
own constituency as advocating that which does
not benefit them as well as it docs your constit-
uency. The Senator from Arkansas represents an
agricultural district. So does the Senator who has
just taken his seat. We represent, in the main, a
mining district. If the Government is going to be
just to the actual settler, let it be just in all respects,
not alone to you, gentlemen, who are confined
solely and almost exclusively to agriculture; but
to the mining population also. Wo are a mining
people. We exceed every other State in the Union
in thatrespect. Our products consist of the mining
labor of our State. Wo do not ask you to give
the fee simple to the soil to the actual miner in
occupation of it.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
I think he could insist with as great propriety on
the passage of an amendment affecting commerce
and navigation, because some States are peculiar-
ly commercial in their interests; or the adoption
of an amendment affecting the interests of manu-
facture, because there are some States whose cap-
ital is invested chiefly in manufacturing interests.
The Committee 011 Public Lands were disposed to
take the subject up as a separate measure, admit-
ting it was not a congruous subject, as the Senator
himself has just stated. The amendment affecting
only and exclusively mineral lands and the inter-
ests of miners, the committee desire to take it up
