2718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
• Mr. LONG-NECKER. I rise to a question of
order. My question is that the gentleman is ar-
guing a point, and is not making an excuse.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say, that
when a gentleman is called on to make an excuse,
he cannot be limited in this way. The Chair does
hot see that the gentleman from Indiana is out of
order.
, Mr. PETTIT. I was going on to say, in that
connection, that I hold we owe it to the country,
in consideration of the liberal annual salary that
is given us, that we should remain here just so
long; as it is necessary to discharge our duties.
Mr. BOULIGNY. 1 must insist on my point
of order. Thegentleman isnot making an excuse.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana will proceed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. If the Chair
decides that the gentleman from Indiana is pro-
ceeding in order, 1 must appeal from that decision.
The rule is imperative. The gentleman is called
upon to make an excuse, and he must not com-
ment upon the conduct of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that the gentleman is offering any argument.
He is stating his excuse.
Mr. L0N&3MECKER. 1 appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. UNDEP^WOOD. I rise to a privileged
question. I think it is manifest that if this* thing
is to be carried on, it will have this effect, no mat-
ter what may be the decision of the the House:
that the Sergcant-at-Arms will be entitled to his
fees for every warrant of arrest he has served
upon members at the expense of the Government.
Mr. SPINNER. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman is not
mistaken. I understand the rule, and 1 move that
all further proceedings in the call be dispensed
with.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is now deciding
upon the case of the gentleman from Indiana; and
he will net receive the motion at this moment,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. These proceedings have
already cost the House several thousand dollars.
Mr. LONGNECKER. What has become of
my appeal ?
Mr. K1LGORE. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia, and the
question now fs upon dispensing with ail further
proceedings in the call.
Mr. SPINNER. I d csirc to say one word.
Tiic fees of the Sergcant-at-A mis are not charged
to the contingent expenses of (he House, unless
the member is excused unconditionally. If he is
excused, as nearly all the members have been,
upon the payment of the fi.es, or cost, it is not
charged, in any ease, to the contingent expenses
of the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not- pretend, to
know, myself; nor is it a matter of very great con-
sequence; but I understand from old membeis
of the House, that, whatever may be the lule
technically, the fact has always been as I have
stated.
Mr. SPINNER. Well, sir, as a member of the
Committer- of Accounts, 1 state that it is not so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
New York is a member of the Committee of Ac-
counts, and 1 take it for granted that his state-
ment is correct. That is nut matenal, however.
I put this specific question to the House: what
good is to come out of ail tins difficulty ? None
whatever. Tins House has now been in session
all night, enacting a scene which has done no
credit to the House of Representatives, and no
credit to the United States of America. I hope
the House will now dispense with all fui thcr pio-
ceedings in this call: and I submit that motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say just
one word upon this question.
Mr. B0UL1GNY. Thegentleman from Vir-
ginia is under arrest. He has no right to make
any remarks, and I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to dispense with further proceedings under
the call.
Mr. HICKMAN. I callfortheyeasandnays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Unpcrwood was disagreed
The question then recurred on the motion to
lay on the table the appeal taken by Mr. Long-
necker from the decision of the Chair.
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The Chair decided that the gentleman
from Indiana was proceeding in order 111 making
his excuse.
Mr. SPINNER. The point raised was, that
he had no right to argue any question under the
pretense of making an excuse.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman had no right
to do that, but when called on to make an excuse
the Chair holds that he was entitled to some lati-
tude.
Mr. STANTON. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays upon this question.
Mr. SPINNER. I make the point of order,
that the gentleman Ohio, who has been, and is,in
contempt of the House, is not entitled to the floor
to make any motion or any remark.
Mr. HICICMAN. 1 hope the gentleman's
point of order will be sustained. Thegentleman
from Ohio is more in contempt of the House than
any other member who has been brought here.
He was not only brought here by the Sergeant-
at-Arms, but escaped from the if all after he ar-
rived.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
of the gentleman from Ohio whether he is here
under arrest ?
Mr. STANTON. I am not.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 think the gentleman from
Ohio is here under arrest; and when his case
comes up I shall have a special motion to make
in reference to it.
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman from Ohio
has no right to the floor; none whatever. He is
a fugitive from justice." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. As far as the Chair has been
able to ascertain, nothing has been done in the
case of the gentleman from Ohio, that would pre-
vent him from exercising the same rights upon
the floor as any other gentleman. The Chair un-
derstands that he was discharged from custody
in the night, and that he has not been again ai-
restcd. The question is on the appeal from the
decision of the Chair, made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. KILGORE. The House voted not to lay
(hat appeal on the table. I think they did not un-
derstand the question. I ask that the Chair shall
again state the question, and put it, upon the mo-
tion to lay on the table. Aly colleague, [Mi.
Plttit,] in offering his reasons for not being m
attendance, had the right to give, in th^ form of
argument, his reasons; to that I do not object.
It is not sufficient for the gentleman simr>l3r to get
up here and say that lie was absent because he
left under the impression that the House was
going to adjoinn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist that this question is
not debatable.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana says the question isnot understood, the Chair
will put it again to the House.
Air. EDWARDS. I wish to say one word
Mr. BOULIGNY. The gentleman is not in
Older; he is under airest.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana is out of order. The Cluur will hear what
the gentleman from New Hampshire lias to say.
Air. SPINNER. I rise to a quest ion of order.
I submit that the Chair has not the light to recog-
nize the gentleman from New Hampshire. He is
here m contempt of the House, and has no right
to sneak.
Mr. EDWARDS. I am not here in contempt
of the House, noi am 1 here under arrest; and I
claim tne floor. I iise to a question of oider my-
self
Mr. LONGNECKER. 1 rise to a question of
order, and my question overtops that of the gen-
tleman. ^ I submit that the gentleman from New
Hampshire is herein contempt of the House,and
therefore has no right to rise to a question of or-
der, or for any other purpose, until he is called
on foi* his cxcuse.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from New
Hampshiie been anestcd?
Mr. EDWARDS. I have not.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I understand
that the gentleman has been arrested, and I ask
that the Sergeant-at-Arms shall be called upon to
state that fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will call upon
the gentleman himself, and that is sufficient. He
Will not call on the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. EDWARDS. I remained here until half
past seven—the last two hours in great pain.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to the gentle-
man's making any remark until he is called on
for an excuse.
The SPEAKER. The Chan* will hear the
gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. The rule is imperative. Thegen-
tleman has no right to any privilege upon this
floor until he is called on for an cxcuse.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to say a single
word upon that question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I call the gentleman to or-
der. [Cries of " Order !"and confusion.]
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not care whether the
gentleman calls me to order or not. I have tho
right to speak upon the appeal taken by my col-
league. There can be no question of order upon
another question of order, and an appeal upon
another appeal. The question is on the point of
order raised by my colleague in reference to the
propriety of the remarks made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit.] There should not
be piled question of order upon question of order
after an appeal is taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to put a question
to the Chair, as a matter of fact. It is, whether
the gentleman from New Hampshire was not
excused?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
he was excused; and, therefore, when he rose in
his place, I asked him a question. It seemed to
me as if the gentleman was entitled to answer.
He says he was not under arrest.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 wish to say 
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. There is an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and the Chair will put that
question.
Mr. EDWARDS. I wish to say one word.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not tho floor.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman was not
recognized by the Speaker. There is an appeal
pending. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. EDWARDS. I was recognized by the
Speaker. [Renewed cries of" Order!"]
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentlemen is in con-
tempt of the House this moment, because he is
gome on against the decision of the Chair. [" Or-
der! " " Oider!"] I hope the gentleman from New
Hampshiie, and nil gentlemen, will take their
seats until th:s question is decided.
Mr. ED WAIIDS. I do not propose to debato
it.
_ Mr. LONGNECKER. The Speaker has de-
cided against the gentlemen, and X hope they will
tah'e their sr.vts.
Mr. H1CKM \N. There is a question of order,
and an appeal from the decision of the Chair upon
it; and I moist that the gentleman shall take his
seat.
Mr. EDWARDS. There has been no founda-
tion for the decision.
Mr. HICKMAN. Tho Chair has dccided it.
The SPEAKER. I hope the House will come
to order, that wemay have an understandingupon
this subject.
Mr. BOULIGNY. There was no difficulty at
all until the gentleman from New Hampshire came
heio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
proceeded to give his excuse: and, so far as tho
Chair heaid, he was in order. An appeal is taken
from that decision of the Chair, and now the ques-
tion is upon the appeal.
Mr, KILGORE. I ask that another vote may
be taken upon laying the appeal upon the table.
Mr. EDWARDS. That has been decided.
Mr. KILGORE. I think it was not under-
stood.
Mr. HICKMAN. That makes no difference;
and I rise to a question of order. That is a mat-
ter for the gentleman himself, and not for the
House. It is Jiis business to understand it.
