1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
of slander preceding him and breathing- dishonor
upon his character, 111 two short years his State
reputation was swallowed up by a national one,
and his name bccame a familiar household word
throughout this vast Republic. It will go on, sir,
culminating, until truth and justice shall place it
in the highest niche of fauie.
Though he was born in this District, and spent
hisjuvenile years around this Temple of American
Liberty, he was the true type of a northern Dem-
ocrat. All his instincts, sympathies, and feelings
were with the Democracy, and they were every-
where looking up to him as their future leader.
When the heart-rending intelligence reached their
ears that he was gone, gone forever, down to the
cold and silent grave, an almost universal wail of
anguish went up from their midst; and the question
propounded at his funeral obsequies, " Who shall
speak for California, now?" was echoed from the
Atlantic to the great West, ran along her lakes
and rivers, and sounded through her valleys and
mountains like the death-chilling notes of an ill-
omened bird. " Who shall speak for California
now" to the free people of the free States of this
Confederacy ?
Mr. Speaker, Senator Broderick was, indeed,
an extraordinary man. It may be said of him,
in the language of Ireland's immortal patriot, Em-
mett, "the man dies, but his memory lives." It
will be green and fresh in the recollection of mil-
lions, whilethat of others will go out, and be for-
gotten forever. Now, and in after years, when
the public shall crowd the galleries, and look down
upon the august* men who compose the American
Senate, the question will not be asked, who fills
the chair at present? but, where did Broderick
sit? Unless all truth is falsehood, and history
speaks to the future of the past with a lying tongue,
no brighter name will shine in its annals, among
the true moral heroes of America. He knew his
duty, and, knowing, dared to do it. Mothers will
teach the tale of his almost fabulous life, and re-
peat the horrid ptory of his untimely death, to
their lisping children; and, as riper years come
upon them,they will pilgrimage to the sacred mon-
ument which friendship is rearing to perpetuate
his worth, and there pour out their oblations over
the dust of the noble martyr who fell a victim to
his devotion to the great principle of popular lib-
erty, and his love of truth.
" Oh ! bloodiest picture m the book of time
Great Broderick Tell, bemoaned, without a crime."
Go, student of American statesmanship, and
look over the bright galaxy of names which adorn
the pages of your country's history; and when
you come to that of the stone-mason's son, learn
from him how to model your own character.
Learn what native talent and energy will do
for one who wooed fortune's smiles, and started
out upon the great highway of life, determined
to win for himself success. As he stepped on
board of a vessel in the harbor of New York,
with no friends to aid him, poor and unknown,
except to a few acquaintances, "Where are you
goinginquired one. iS To California," he re-
plied. " When are you coming back?" " Not
until I am a United States Senator." A wild
shout of laughter went up from the bystanders
at what was regarded as his visionary idea. Yet
in eight years he did comeback a Senator, and in
two more acquired a deathless national fame. If
the politicians of the golden State had been con-
gregated upon the wharf of San Francisco as he
stepped forthe first time upon it a stran^erto all,
and scarcely with a penny in his pocket, how
tin y would have jeered at the idea that there came
a young man who would throw them from his path
with a giant's strength, and rush by them with
almost the speed of thought to the highest posi-
tion ' It hardly appears, indeed, that he labored
up the soiled and worn way, but " down from
higher regions camc, and pcrched him there to sec
what lay beneath."
But, Mr. Speaker, if his career was brilliant, it
was, alas for his country, too short. In the bloom
of manhood, and at the moment he was standing
on the lughest pinnacle of fame, he was cut down.
" Death^loves a shining mark." The soil of his
State drank his noble blood, and the crimson spot
has not yet been washed out. How mournful
is the thought! The seasons will come and go,
and vernal flowers bloom with nature's returning
warmth; but, alas! we shall never look upon the
face of our friend again ! Peace to his dust! I
pretend not to say who is to blame. That, im-
partial history' will determine. But I will "say,
that when the roll-calf of California's statesmen
is gone over at the judgment-day, and Broderick
is inquired for, more than one voice will reach
the e^,r of the great Jehovah from secret places,
"Am I my brother's keeper?" Farewell, my
friend!
Mr. SICKLES. I cannot bring myself, Mr.
Speaker, to allow this occasion to pass without
venturingto contribute an expression of the warm
feelings of attachment felt for the late Senator from
California, by many of the citizens of New York,
among whom his early youth and manhood were
passed. I regret very much, and perhaps I owe
an apology to the House and to those who cherish
his memory, for attempting to say anything en-
tirely withoutpreparation. I was not aware, until
my return to the city this morning, that it was
intended to make the announcement to-day. Oth-
erwise, it would not have been necessary for me
to confess, as I do, my entire want of preparation
for the duty which I have taken upon myself.
I was not without hope, until a few moments ago,
that some other member from the city would have
given expression to the sentiments of respe< t and
attachment with which the memory of Mr. Brod-
erick is cherished in the city of New York. He
was a resident for many years of the congres-
sional district which I have the honor to represent.
I knew him well; I knew him when, as a me-
chanic, he was endeavoring to command the re-
spect and esteem of his associates. I knew him
in the outset of his political fortunes, when, like
many others, of the humblest opportunities, in the
city of New York, he conceived a fondness ftr pub-
lic aifairs, and participated in the primary politics
of that great metropolis. He at fwst succeeded
in acquiring a controlling influence in his Hection
•precinct. It was not long befoie he became the
foremost man in his ward; and from thence it was
not difficult for him to acquire a commanding po-
sition in the general councils of the party in Tam-
many Hall; and I do not exaggerate when I say
that, from that period down to the year of his
emigration to California, it was never safe to form
any estimate of a political result in the Demo-
cratic party in that city, if we failed to take into
account the influence and action of David C.
Broderick.
He left the city and his companions, chafing
under a sense of wounded pride, because ho had
failed to attain an election to the first office of any
considerable importance for which he had ever
been a candidate—a seat in this House. His defeat
was chiefly owing to prejudice engendered by his
humble avocations, by the extreme zeal of his
partisanship, and by that tenacious attachment to
friends, and that stern resistance to foes, which
characterized him through life.
While a resident of New York, he held, so far
as I recollect, but one public station. He was
elected a member of the convention called to re-
organize the government of the city; and I remem-
ber well the remark made of him by one of his
colleagues in that body—the late lamented David
Graham, whose genius and virtues so long adorned
the bar of New York—who predicted, as the result
of his observation of Mr. Broderick in that con-
vention, a distinguished future if he continued to
follow his political aspirations.
He went to California, attended by as many of
the hearty good wishes of men in New York, as
ever followed the steps of any aspiring man. lie
was one of the pioneers of the Pacific frontier.
He soon made his mark as n lead'br. He carried
with him the advantage of aptitude and expe-
rience in political organizations. He was one of
those that founded the Democratic party in Cal-
ifornia. He was soon chosen a member of the
convention which formed the constitution of Cal-
ifornia. Thus he took a prominent part in one of
those remarkable scenes of which this country
affords the only examples in human history.
A body of men, collected from every quarter of
the globe, speaking every language, and profess-
ing every roligion,many of whom had never before
participated at all in human government, were
found sending their representatives to form a con-
stitution for a State which had no government—to
organize order out of chaos; for the people of that
Territory were, as yet, beyond the reach of even
the protecting arm of the Federal Union. He
was one of those who, in the short space of some
forty days, "by their practical wisdom ,-hy the" ex-
perience which they had gained on tlie Atlantic
shores in the affairs of government, enjoying the
inestimable privileges of universal suffrage and
universal liberty, formed one of those American
constitutions and schemes of government which
neither the genius of Locke nor the wisdom of
Plato ever approached.
He was afterwards elected to the Senate of Cal-
ifornia, and became, for a period, ex officio, Lieu-
tenant Governor of the State. His period of ser-
vice as the President of the Senate of California,
and also as a legislator, was distinguished by the
sternest integrity. No man, I venture to say, lives,
who ever approached David C. Broderick, as a
legislator, or in any public or private capacity,
with a corrupt or dishonorable suggestion. And,
sir, it is something, in these times when men do
not always adopt so high and so pure a standard,
that he should have left this truth, at least, to be in-
scribed upon his monument. During his term as
a Senator, in the State of California, he was twice
attacked with violence, and once with arms, be-
cause of the stout resistance he had opposed to
schemes of plunder and spoliation which were
pressed upon the Legislature &t that period.
At length, sir, he attained the object of his great
aspiration. At length he fulfilled the prediction
with which he stepped from the quays of the
city of his early youth and manhood to the ship
which was to bear him to new scenes and new
toils, when he said to friends who took leave of
him—and it was my pleasure to be among them—
" I shall never return to you, except as a Senator
of the United States." The next time that he
visited the city of New York he came in the
panoply and dignity of a Senator of the United
States from the State of California. He was
cordially and heartily greeted. The municipal
authorities of the city passed resolutions welcom-
ing him to the metropolis. Groups of friends
hastened to congratulate him upon the realization
of his prediction, in which he had proved that it
was possible for a man actuated by honorable
motives, leading in all respects a correct life, yet,
with the most inconsiderable opportunities, to rise
from the lowest station, to a post of the most ex-
alted eminence in our country.
He was a man of no recreations, but earnest
and serious, and always devoted to the accom-
plishment of the purposes which were present to
his mmd. To these lie sacrificed everything but
honor, friendship, and duty. That he had his
faults, that some of his admirable qualities were
developed in excess, no one will deny. But, sir,
take him all in all, he has left a proud example -
to those, who, although of a lowly and humble
birth, and without those advantages and those
facilities which it is the fortune of others to pos-
sess, seek the ends of a just ambition. So long
as the mountain at whose feet he sleeps shali
stand as his monument, no one can ever speak of
him in the city of New York, where he passed
so many years of his life, without awakening in
many breasts generous reflections of admiration
of his remarkable and manly career.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously; and
thereupon (at ten minutes before four o'clock, p.
m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 34, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Efr. Gurley
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hays, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had ordered the print-
ing of certain documents.
executive communications.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Foot in
the chair) laid before the Senate a report of the
Postmaster General, communicating, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of January
27. 1859, a statement of postage received m each
State and Territory, annually, since 1840; which
was, on motion of Mr. Seward, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads; and,
on motion of Air. Hale, the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a joint resolution
