I860.]
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
36th Cong..., 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Martin.
Ho. ofr Reps.
I have alluded to the general disinclination m
most of the free States to respect and enforce the
constitutional guarantees relative to slavery. This,
in many instances, has amounted to riotous resist-
ance to the execution of the laws by the consti-
tuted authorities. But, sir, the mischief has not
been confined to the irregular movements of mobs.
Since theformation ofthe Republican party, every
non-slaveholding State under its control has, by
the most deliberate forms of legislative action, ob-
structed the execution of the Federal laws, and, in
many instances, practically nullified them. Nor
is this all. Some of these States have made obe-
dience to the laws of Congress, passed in strict
pursuance to the Constitution, a criminal offense.
1 will not detain the committee with a detailed
statement of the various personal liberty bills,
disabling acts, and penal statutes constituting the
black catalogue. They are matters of notoriety.
Some few of these States, it is true, having first
recantcd Republicanism, have repealed the. ob-
noxious acts. The enormity of these legislative
outrages is very great. If we consider the Con-
stitution in no higher light than a mere treaty be-
tween the States, its deliberate and repeated viola-
tion would involve a tamt of dishonor. Such con-
duct between independent nations would nullify a
treatj^ind lead to war. But the Constitution of the
Unite*^3tates is higher than a treaty. It is not
only a league of union, but a form ofgovenjjnent
over the States united by it. It is the result of
concession and compromise, and the honor and
faith of each State and citizen are pledged to its
sacred maintenance. The unhappy resort of war
that avails between independent nations is not re-
dress for an injured State or section of this Con-
federacy. Such a resort would not be war, but
revolution, anarchy, and mutual destruction. It
would not be the assertion of rights by one Gov-
ernment against another, but the annihilation of a
common Government. Every consideration at-
tending the subject adds to tile gravity of these
transactions, and correspondingly demands for
them the indignant reprobation of the people.
They are existing causes of just complaint and
irritation. They are high crimes and offenses
against the peace of the Republic and the Consti-
tution of the Union.
I am aware, sir, that various pretexts are inter-
posed in excuse of these flagrant wrongs. At one
time we are informed that the Constitution is re-
pugnant to the law of God, and therefore is not
to be obeyed. Again, the sage conclusion is at-
tained that the various laws effectuating the con-
stitutional guarantees of slavery are themselves
unconstitutional. The fugitive slave law of 1850
has been peculiarly obnoxious to both these objec-
tions. It is against that law that the various dis-
loyal enactments to which I have alluded have
been mainly directed. Suffice it to say in this
connection, that the fugitive law of 1850 dif-
fers in no material respect from its predecessor,
the law of 1793. Every objection of a constitu-
tional character that can be urged against the
former, applies with equal cogency to the latter.
These laws have, time and again, been affirmed,
and their constitutional validity attested by the
highest judicial tribunals in the country During
the long period of time in which these statutes
have been in operation, as well in periods of repose
and quiet, as in times of excitement and animos-
ity, their constitutionality has been fully sustained
by every State court in the Union whore the ques-
tion has been raised, with possibly the single
exception of the coutt of Wisconsin. Surely, sir,
if any legal proposition can be considered set-
tled by the weight of authority and precedent, the
one under examination should be forever at rest.
Even if it were a doubtful question, no one could
for a moment justify the infamous and revolu-
tionary resistance employed by the Republican
party of the free States. Resistance by violence
and counter-State legislation is not the remedy
afforded by our free Government for injudicious,
or even unconstitutional, legislation by Congress.
Much less can such opposition be justified in
cases of doubtful constitutionality. The oppor-
tunities and means of redress are ample. The
shield of the judicial department is overextended
over the citizen and the State, protecting their
rights and redressing their wrongs. If one Con-
gress will not afford the remedy of repeal for an
unjust and obnoxious statute, another Congress
assembled in a brief period by the unbought suf-
frages of freemen, certainly will. But if courts
and Congress and people all persist in maintain-
ing both the expediency and the constitutionality
of any legislation, a becomingmodesty would seem
to require from the minority a distrust of their
own judgment. At least, sir, duty demands their
obedience and submission.
The responsibility of the Republican party for
these various aggressions is generally assumed
and justified by its leaders and members; yet in
some conservative portions of the North that re-
sponsibility is denied. The most innocent and
patriotic motives are claimed for it. That party,
sir, like the chameleon, confessedly of a tawny
color, possesses the remarkable property of chang-
ing its hue as interest may require. Look at the
humiliating spectacle its Representatives have
exhibited on this floor. An honorable colleague,
[Mr. Corwin,] who occupies an exalted position
m that party, and whose eminent abilities and
public services would entitle him to a high rank
in any party honored by his association, has not
only declared he would respect and enforce exist-
ing laws on the subject of slavery, but that, in
certain contingencies, he would favor a slave code
for a Territory. Other honorable colleagues are
so deeply and piously impressed with the ex-
ceeding sinfulness of slavery, that language fails
to express th-eir abhorrence of the institution.
Tliey denounce existing laws, and are furiously
opposed to the spread or continuance of slavery.
Sir, the political dialect of the Republican repre-
sentation on this floor from Ohio is more confused
and discordant than the tongues of Babel when
smitten by Divme vengeance.
Prominent among the unfavorable indications
of the present day is the wide-spread and indus-
trious elfort of that sectional party to bring into
disrepute and odium the judicial officers of the
country. "That department, from the formation
of the Government to the present time, has had
the firmest hold upon the affections and reverence
of the entire people, and has been justly regarded
as their chief bulwark against aggressions from
every quarter. History will awarii to the Repub-
lican party the unenviable distinction of striking
the first blow at the Federal judiciary, and of in-
augurating the first concerted movement to under-
mine their just authority as guardians of the con-
stitutional rights of the States and the people.
The disloyalty thus manifested, however, is
scarcely less reprehensible than the malice dis-
closed in the attacks made .against the eminent
jurists constituting the most augustfcgal tribunal
in the country, if not in the world. Advanced
years and long lives of spotless purity and emi-
nent public service should have availed to pro-
tect them from the imputation of sinister and
wicked motives. But sectional animosity assails
with indiscriminate fury every barrier that ob-
structs the consummation of its unholy purposes.
But, sir, when pressed by considerations of the
impropriety and disloyalty of these disgraceful
and revolutionary proceedings, the more wary
and prudent of the leaders of the Republican party
putin a general denial. They refer us to the Phil-
adelphia platform as the only authoritative expo-
sition of the views and purposes of their party.
I certainly have no desire to misrepresent their
views or conduct. Nothing would afford me
greater pleasure than to acquit them entirely of
all complicity in the high-handed treason that
has, under the domination of that party, usurped
the legislative control of thirteen free States in the
manner already indicated. We can and do most
cheerfully relieve them from entire culpability for
the irregularities and occasional outrages of mobs,
and excited and extravagant declarations of lead-
ing men. But the deliberate refusal of Repub-
lican States, by their executive officers, to return
fugitives from justice—parties implicated in the
murderous and treasonable riot and conspiracy at
Harper's Ferry, and the treasonable State legis-
lation , practically nullifying, as far as possible, the
laws and Constitution of the Union, are acts for
which the Republican party are most unquestion-
ably responsible. We judge the tree by its fruits.
We judgemen by theiracts. And the trite maxim
thatactions speak louder fhan words," is appli-
cable to men in their collective aa well as their
individual capacity. That good professions shall
excuse bad conduct, is a sham too transparent fox
deception. No, sir; the success of the Repub-
lican party will carry with it an indorsement of
all those high-handed proceedings, villainous State
legislation, and multiplied infractions of the Fed-
eral compact. But, in their platform they aver
that it is Doth the right and duty of Congress to
prohibit slavery in the Territories. " No more
slave States" is the familiar catch-word of the
party; and the burden of nearly all their legisla-
tive and other deliberate resolves on the subject.
The argument on the powers of Congress over
this subject in the Territories has been exhausted.
It has been everywhere argued with great ability;
nil I do not propose to add a single word.
The question at variance between the great
parties of the country involves not only the power
of Congress, but the expediency of exercising it.
The ends of good government may be defeated by
the improper and injudicious exercise of power,
as well as by its usurpation, though the latter is
the most dangerous. The history of the country
is full of instruction on this subject. Whilst
Congress, in some instances, undertook to pro-
Jiibit the introduction of slavery by law, yctit was
~n such cases and such peculiar circumstances
as to have elicited but little opposition. And in
other instances, of varying circumstances, it tol-
erated its introduction and existence in the most
marked manner. On the one hand, we, find the
ordinance of 1787, containing the famous prohib-
itory clause, applied by virtue of the compact with
Virginia to the then Territory northwest of the
river Ohio. On the other hand, we find that same
ordinance applied by Congress to Mississippi and
other Territories, with the prohibitory clause sig-
nificantly omitted.
The enactment of the Missouri compromise
tolerated slavery south, and prohibited it north,
of a given line. Texas was annexed with a slave-
holding constitution, and with certain stipulations
as to slavervin new States to be erected outofher
territory. The prohibitory clause was included
in the organic act for Oregon, where no one then
thought of ever introducing slavery.
But the entire subject of the right and propriety
of congressional intervention came under review
in 1850, when Congress was called upon to pro-
vide territorial governments for the vast posses-
sions then newly acquired from Mexico. The
agi tation and excitement attending that discussion
are memorable. To the mighty intellects and the
unquestioned patriotism of the giant statesmen
who participated in that congressional struggle
are we chiefly indebted for its eminently wise and
satisfactory settlement. Subsequenteongressional
legislation for Territories was predicated on the
principles of the compromise measures of 1850.
The main provision on the subject of slavery, in-
corporated into the compromise of 1850, is that
each Territory, when admitted as a State, " shall
be received into the Union with or without sla-
very, as their constitution may prescribe at the
time of admission." This is the principle of pop-
ular sovereignty applied to all those Territories.
It will be observed that, during the whole his-
tory of the slavery agitation, the avowed doctrine of
the Republican party, of " no more slave states,"
and of " the right and duty of Congress to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories," is not recog-
nized, but time and again repudiated.
It was the custom of the wise legislators who
in former times controlled the political destinies
of the country, to regard the subject of slavery
with extreme caution and prudence, and to dis-
pose of it as it unavoidably presented itself, in a
spirit of fraternity and concession. Climate, pro-
ductions of the soil, and manifest viewsi of inter-
est, generally, if not invariably, controlled itsdis-
position. In pursuit of this policy not a single
slave State has ever been erected out of territoiy
free when our Government acquired it, At the same
time, the people interested in and surrounded by
the institution have felt no inconvenience for want
of territorial expansion. Sometimes, it is true,
storms of excitement broke over the country,
awakening serious alarm; yet pacific counsels and
fraternal sentiments invariably harmonized con-
Acting views and reconciled apparently conflict-
ing interests.
The acquisitions from Mexico were so vast,
