1776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No; some one
else said so.
Mr. GWIN. I have it down that the Senator
said so; and I was struck with it. I say that
there is no expense, because you do not survey
the land there.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I may have
used a bad word. I ought to have said " without
price."
Mr. GWIN. It is no gift. The title is in the
Uni ted States. The amendment merely legalizes
the working of the mines, as has heretofore been
the practice in that State. I do not wish to de-
tain the Senate. 1 hope we shall have the vote.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have been looking at this
amendment, and I do not understand it. By it
any person who shall be an actual settler is au-
thorized " to enter upon and remain upon any
public lands of the United States, containing min-
erals, not especially reserved for public uses."
"Well, how much can one man enter upon ?
Mr. GWIN. That is subject to the usagesand
regulations of the State.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, what are they ?
Mr. GWIN. They are different in different
localities; but they are well known there to the
courts, and the legislation of the State. The reg-
ulation is different in regard to quartz mining
from what it is in regard to the placer diggings
and the river diggings. The usages and regula-
tions are well known there, and tliat is the reason
we adopt them. *
Mr. BENJAMIN. This does not say so, in
my judgment.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state to the Senator
that it would depend entirely on the productive-
ness of the mine itself, as to the way it is regu-
lated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This does not say anything
about that.
Mr. LATHAM. Read on further, and you
will see.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us see how it reads:
" It shall be lawful for any citizen of the United States,
er for any person who may have declared his intention to
become a citizen ot the United States, who shall be an
actual settler, to enter upon and remain on any public land
of the United States, containing minerals, not specially
reserved (or public uses, within the States of California and
Oregon."
That is one thing, and unlimited. What next?
"And to work the mines on said Iti&ds for their own use
and benefit, according la the lawt  and usages of the said
States respectively."
There is no limitation on the entry. He is to
work the mines according to the laws and usages
of the State; but one man can enter, according to
this amendment, ten thousand acres of mineral
land. I tlunk it is plain on the face of the amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. I am very willing that the Sen-
ator should correct the phraseology. That is not
the intention. The intention was to enter for
mining purposes alone, according to the usages
and laws of the State. If the phraseology is de-
ficient, let the Senator alter it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. He is to work the mine
according to the State laws and usages.
Mr. GWIN. He can only enter according to
those laws and usages. I will accept any amend-
ment to carry out the idea: the Senator under-
stands my meaning. I drew the amendment with
great care and attention, and thought I covered
all the cases completely; but the Senator from
Louisiana, being a very acute member of the bar,
can see an objection that would not strike me with
gieat forcc. I will accept any suggestion to carry
out the object. My object is merely to legalize
the working of the mines in California, without
divesting the fee at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator answer
me one other question. It is, what is the neces-
sity for this legislation; Is there any trouble there
amongst the miners? Is there any reason for our
adopting this amendment now on this bill? If
there is any trouble at all, of tourse I shall be
willing to help him to perfect the amendment.
Mr. GWIN, There is no portion of the coun-
try where the settlers on the public domain of any
, description are iMt provided for by this bill, or
under previous legislation, except the settlers on
the mining lands in California. Heretofore we
have passed laws giving the right of preemption
on unsurveyed lands; and now this bill covers
the whole public domain of the United States,
with the solitary exception of giving any rights
to the settlers on mineral lands in California. I
propose to extend to them the laws and usages of
the State, which, under the decisions of the courts,
will furnish a system that will work admirably,
with which everybody will be satisfied. That is
practically what is done now, but still hundreds
of thousands of individuals are intruders, accord-
ing to the laws of the United States. We merely
wish to legalize their possession. It will give
quietude; it will secure the investment of capital,
and the development of the mines. It will recog-
nize, by the laws of the United States, the right
of the miners to be there. That is all we seek.
We want the existing disquietude removed. We
want the introduction of capital, alluded to by my
colleague, to develop the mines. The expendi-
tures there amount to millions on millions of dol-
lars. My friend from Oregon did not overrate
the amount of labor that has been performed and
money expended in public improvements there,
thus developing the mining resources of the coun-
try. There has not been less that fifteen or twenty
million dollars expended in making canals, and
turningthe head waters of rivers there, formining
purposes. The vast investments in the mining
region justify the Congress of the United States
in legalizing the possession of the parties who are
there now, and developing these mines; and that
is all that is asked.
Mr. FITCH. I intend to vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from California whenever it
is perfected; hut it is very manifest to my mind
that no vote will be had, either on the amendment
or on the bill to which it is offered as an amend-
ment, this evening. There is a matter, too, which
1 feel it my duty to call to the attention of the
Senate,unconnected with this—a small matter in
itself, and yet one which must be disposed of.
Some time since, from the Committee on Printing,
I reported a resolution relative to printing the re-
port of the Coast Survey. Objection being made,
it was not considered on that day. I am now
advised by the Superintendent of Printing that
we must act upon that affirmatively or negatively
at once. The other House having ordered the
printing of the document, it is probably in type;
and if we are to order it at all, we must order it
before that type is distributed, or pay for compo-
sition. Beyond that, the engraving of the maps
is about to be. let, and of course it cannot be let
undcrstandingly without some knowledge on the
part of the Superintendent of whether we will or
will not order the work. I move, therefore, that
the resolution be now taken up and acted upon.
Mr. WADE. Will that lead to debate?
Mr. FITCH. 1 think not. I know of no gen-
tleman who desires to debate it. There is as
much propriety in printing this report as the re-
port of any other bureau.
- Mr. WADE. I think we had better take a vote
on the pending amendment to the homestead bill.
I am inclined to think there will be no further
debate on it.
Mr. FITCH. There are several amendments
to be offered to the amendment, and there is a di-
versity of sentiment in relation to it. While gen-
tlemen are preparing their amendments, 1 move
that the resolution be taken up and passed.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Foster in
the chair.) Unless the motion of the Senator from
Indiana be objected to, it will be considered the
sense of the Senate to lay aside the bill, and take
up the resolution referred to by him. [" Agreed."]
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, reported by Mr. Fitch, on the 15th
of March, from the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, six thousand two hundred copies of the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1859;
one thousand two hundred of which for the use of the Sen-
ate, and five thousand foi distribution by satid superintend-
ent; that the same be printed and bound with the charts
and sketches m quarto foim, and that the punting of said
charts arid sketches <ha!l be done to the satisfaction of the
Superintendent ot the Coast Survey.
The resolution was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall proceed now
with the homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
the question being on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. BRAGG. I think, sir, we are hurrying
into legislation here on a matter that seems to be
very little understood by the Senate. Some of the
provisions of this amendment, I think, are likely
to lead to important consequences. This whole
subject is worthy of being well considered by a
committee; and legislation in relation to it—if any
at all is to be had—ought to be well considered
before it goes into effect as- a law. Here is an
amendment loosely drafted. Objections are made
to it, hither and thither, all over the Hall; nobody
seems to know well what will be the effect of it;
and yet it is pressed now, and we are asked to
adopt it in its imperfect shape. Some of the ob-
jections have been perhaps removed, but I think
there are still very strong objections to the adop-
tion of this amendment now.
In the first place, it authorizes everybody to go
on the public lands; and while those who go do
not acquire the fee in the land, they acquire a right
to use the property, a license to mine and to enter
upon it. How? "According to the laws and
usages of the States of Oregon and California."
What do we know about the laws of California
and Oregon ? If these mining operations are to be
regulated by law at all, we ought to know some-
thing about what we are doing when we are adopt-
ing the laws of California; and much more ought
we to know what the usages are among the mi-
ners, for we are even to adopt them. It is a loose
kind of legislation; such as the Senate of the Uni-
ted States ought not to engage in. Then there is
another provision in this amendment, that persons
who are now upon, or may hereafter go upon, the
mines, shall not be considered trespassers; and,
furthermore, that all those who have gone upon
any of this mining property heretofore shall not
be considered as having been trespassers; that the
Government, in other words, shall release all
claim against them 
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me a moment? I would cs.ll his attention to
what the effect would be in relation to that quick-
silver mine of which we have heard so much.
Mr. BRAGG. I was just coming to that very
thing which I mentioned to my friend on my left,
the Senator from California, [Mr. Gwin.] 1 was
just coming to this point, which has struck the
Senator from Vermont; and I said to him that, by
that clause in this amendment, if the Government
should turn out m the litigation to be the owner
of the Almaden mine, there would be a release on
the part of the Government for damages against
the parties who have been working it, and who,
if the accounts be true, have received millions
uf)on millions of dollars from it.
Mr. COLLAMER. And this would enable
them to go on it and work it to-morrow.
Mr. BRAGG. Of course; that is the effect of
it. It takes private claims and protects the per-
sons in possession of the Almaden mine, and re-
leases them from all claims the Government may
have against them. It is true that my friend
from California says it is a private matter between
individuals as to that mine; but we all know that
though there is a dispute between individual claim-
ants, if the Government claim be the best, (and
it is insisted that it is the best,) all those parties
are wrong-doers as to the Government, and the
profits they received they owe to the Government;
in other words, they are trespassers against tFie
United States, and the effect of the amendment is,
to release them from all claims on the part of the
Government for any of those trespasses commit-
ted by them. It maybe that hereafter equally as
valuable mines as that may be discovered; and
yet, by this provision, anybody may go in and
occupy and use them until Congress think proper
to take away from them that privilege. The sub-
ject is an important one, and it is a'little strange
to me that it has not been legislated upon hereto-
foic; but I think that a loose amendment of this
kind ought not to be adopted here now without
due consideration.
Mr. GWIN. I will ask the Senator from North
Carolina whether or not the miners in California
who work the gold mines are not intruders, and
as much liable to be sued for damages as any-
body else ?
Mr. BRAGG. Undoubtedly they are; but no
one has any idea that the Government will ever
assert such a right, unless in an important case,
