334
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Martin.
Ho. of Reps.
and the excitement on the subject of slavery so
intense, that the great and good men of that day-
established and applied the doctrine of popular
sovereignty, which I have quoted, as an arbitrary
but eminently just and patriotic rule. The chief
merit of this doctrine consisted in removing, as
it was hoped, the agitation of the subject from
these Halls. It is the true doctrine of popular
sovereignty. It respects the equality of the States.
It recognizes the right of self-government—the
right of the people of every State, new or old, to
fo^pn and fashion their own institutions in their
own way. This, sir, is the paramount idea that
pervades and distinguishes the American Confed-
eracy. It was proposed to apply the prohibitory
doctrine; but its injustice was manifest. The
Territories were acquired by the gallantry, blood,
and treasure of both sections. Especially had
the South contributed liberally and lavishly; and
the North did not insiston the unjust and inequit-
able claim of excluding the South. The people,
and the States generally, acquiesced in this ar-
rangement. But, since then, the present Repub-
lican party has, at a single bound, sprung into
giant proportions. Its sole avowed object is to
undo what has been so wisely done—to open up
and set at naught a settlement that gave peace to
a distracted country; to substitute the odious doc-
trine of congressional prohibition in the stead of
the great doctrine of State sovereignty, approved
and sustained at the time by Clay, Cass, Web-
ster, Ewtng, and a host of other patriot states-
men, most of whom, m this brief interval, have
gone to their List reward.
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party of the
Union, with a \iew to foster and perpetuate the
amicable relations secured by the compromise
measures of 1850, have ever since determined to
maintain them in good faith. The only course
left open to effect this policy was the adoption
and maintenance of the aoctrinc of non-interven-
tion. That doctrine was expressed in the Cincin-
nati platform in the words, " non-interference by
Congress with slavery in State and Territory, or
in the District of Columbia." Experience and
discussion have served to vindicate the justice of
this great punciple, and have rendered it inesti-
mably dear to the conservative masses of the na-
tion. The claims of justice and the Constitution
are abundantly satisfied with it. Left alone, to
be impartially administered by the people imme-
diately interested, no just cause of complaint will
ever arise, and the rights and honor of no portion
of the Confederacy will be invaded.
But, sir, I should not have detained the com-
mittee with a single word on this feature of the
party platjbrm, were it not for the demand, recently
and persistently made, of a smrender of this prin-
ciple. Let gentlemen remember that it is the in-
sult of compromise and concession, both in its
application to existing legislation and its adoption
in our party platform. Its abandonment now will
release nil parties to the arrangement; secuonalize
and virtually dissolve the last remaining political
association, whose policy and organization com-
prehend the interests and men of every State and
section. This slavery agitation is the bane of
our peace. I deprecate it every where, m the party
ami out of it. it is the rock that i ises in the direct
line of our progress, and gathers the dark m.intie
of false security around it. If our ship of State,
freighted with the hopes of unborn millions, and
with adestin y brilliant beyond conception, founder
and go down beneath the waves, to rise no more,
history will point to that hated rock as at once
the cause and monument of the disaster.
I do not pretend to say that the Territories arc
beyond the control and just regulation of Con-
gress. The unfortunate history of Kansas abounds
in instanc(s of wise and expedient intervention on
the part of Congress. Such intervention, both as
a matter of principle and expediency, should never
be resorted to except in extreme cases. In in-
stances of fraud and tumult, in cases of invasions
and corruptions of the ballot-box, it may become,
as it has been, necessary and proper for Congress
to apply the corrective.
It may, indeed, happen, in our territorial ad-
ministration, thatcircunislanccsar.d combinations
may'be so oidered, by design and fiaud, as to de-
feat the manifest will of the people, and destroy
the constitutional rights of the citizen. In such
cases, I repeat, extreme in their character, and of
very unfrequent occurrence, Congress may be
compelled to interfere. But they are exceptions.
Non-intervention is the rule. The views of the
great statesman of South Carolinaon this subject
possess, at this time, a peculiar interest. Devo-
tedly attached to the constitutional Union, and
fully appreciating that its preservation could only
be secured by maintaining the equality of the
States, his utterances are entitled to preeminent
consideration. From his speech on the Oregon
bill, delivered in the Senate on 27th June, 1848,1
quote:
" But I go further, and hold that justice and the Consti-
tution arc the easiest and safestgrouud on which the ques-
tion can be settled, regarded in reference to party. It may
be settledon that ground simply by non-action—by leaving the
Territories free and open to the emigration of all the woiid
so long as they continue so; and when they become States,
to adopt whatever constitution they please, with the single
restriction to be republican,in orderto theiradmissioninto
the Union. If a paity cannot safely take this broad and
solid position, and successfully maiutain it, what other can
it take and maintain? It it cannot maintain itself by an ap-
peal to the great principles of justice, the Constitution, and
self-government, to what other sufficiently strong in public
opinion can they appeal ? I greatly mistake the character
ot the people ot this Union if such an appeal would not
prove successful, if eithei party should have the magna-
nimity to step forward and boldly make it. It would, in
my opinion, be received with sliouis of approbation by the
patriotic and intelligent in every quartei."
These views, so preeminent for their justice
and wisdom, were adopted and applied in the
legislation of 1850, and were accepted with the
most signal approval by the entire Confederacy.
But, having directed attention to the aggressive
acts and unconstitutional principles of the Repub-
lican party, I desire the indulgence of the com-
mittee for a few moments in disclosing the further
and disloyal purposes that it entertains. When
first organized, it professed no other object than
to prevent injurious results apprehended from the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. Fair play
for Kaneas was its chief theme. Emboklened by
the success attending its efforts at organization,
it displayed the most intense animosity toward
our brethren of the South. In their Philadelphia
platform they declared it was " both the right and
imperative duty of Congress to prohibit in the
Territories thosft twin relics of barbarism—polyg-
amy and slavery;" thus disclosing hostile feel-
ings to the South, arid adding insult to injury by
tiie association, m the same denunciatory ban, of
the institution of slavery with the infamous crime
of polygamy. Kansas, the prolific source of its
influence and power, refuses longer to furnish
capital for that party. The immediate admission
of that young sister* into the Confederacy by a
Democratic Congress, demanded by every con-
sideration of policy and duty, would constitute
the most appropriate termination to the political
diama in which she has been made to peiform so
conspicuous and unfortunate a part. But, sir, wc
are admonished that the Republican party is em-
inently anti-slavery in us character, and would
not rest satisfied, were its procurement practicable,
with a statutory prohibition of slavery m the Ter-
ritories. It is grounded upon and upheld by the
undying,uncompromising,and aggressive hatred
of slavery; that spirit of fanaticism which menaces
and opposes the institution wherever found, and
by whatsoever sanctions maintained. 1 grant that
there arc many thousands of conservative free-
men committed to that organization by party ties
and affiliations who do not participate in its ilhb-
orality. They arc carried along with the current.
The ulterior purposes of that party may be read-
ily gathered from the startling announcements
made by its distinguished leader, the Senator from
New York. His programme of operations is en-
titled to serious consideration, and must go very
far to commit his party in their favor. As early
as March, 1858, that distinguished Senator, in an
elaborate speech delivered m the other end of this
Capitol, boldly announced the ultimate purposes
of the new organization. I will quote at sufficient
length to do justice to the Senator and his views:
" Free labor has at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, us power, ami us desnny, and is organizing itself to
assume the government of the Republic. It will hence-
Joiih meet jou boldly and icsojutelv here ; it will meet you
everywhere—in the Tejntoi ins, and out of them—wheie-
evei you may goto extend slaveiy. It ha^dnven vou back
in Cahloriua and in Kansas; it will mwide vou soon in
Delawaic, Maryland,Vuginia, Missouri, and Texas j it will
meet you in Arizona, in Central America, and even in
Cuba." * >• * * "The interest of the whi to races
demands the ultimate emancipation of all men. Whether
that consummation shall he allowed to take effect with
needful and wise piccautinns against sudden change and
disaster, or to be hurried on by violence, is all that remains
for you to decide."
Here we are informed that this free-labor or-
ganization is about to assume the government of
the Republic; and that it will invade not only the
border-slaveholding States of the Union, but will
boldly march into Central" America, and even
Cuba. At first glance, we can scarcely believe
that this is measured language of a great Senator;
but we are reminded that every word is carcfully
culitd and weighed before he gives it utterance.
But for what purpose is this Republican party to
interfere with the slave States, and even invade
Central America and Cuba? He tells us in the
next breath. He boldly avows it to be " the ul-
timate emancipation of all men."
But how is this emancipation to be accom-
plished? It has heretofore been considered an
objcctof very remote, if not impossible accom-
plishment. The wisest and best men who have
deplored the existence of slavery have seen that
practical abolitionism would be ruinous to both
races, and have found the subject so completely
hedged round with difficulties, that they have in-
variably referred the time and means of its con-
summation to thesecretcouncilsofthcMosdwigh.
But this bold expounder of Republicanism, noth-
ing daunted by difficulties or dangers, presents the
slaveholder with no alternative but emancipation,
and that, if necessary, " hurried on by violence."
Hurried on by violence! Great, indeed, is the
enormity of the purpose thus coolly announced.
Be it ever remembered that violent emancipation
cannot be hurried on without company. As aw-
ful as its immediate ravages would undoubtedly
be, others would follow in its flaming path. Not
alone the blood of innocence,the smoking dwell-
ing, the devastated plantation, the smoldering city*,
not alone the rule of lust and panic; the confla-
gration would be sated only in the ashes of em-
pire. Mr. Chairman, itmust be admitted that there
is a growing indifference to treasonable efforts
of this character. Twenty years ago such sen-
timents could only be uttered to be condemned.
It is an alarming indication that the most trea-
sonable teachings proceed from, the highest au-
thorities. Take the irrepressible-conflict doctrine
as a fair sample. The avowed author of that trea-
sonable heresy has just been rewarded with the
highest honors of his party, in the nomination for
President at Chicago. Although Mr. Seward,
in October, 1858, in his Rochester speech, fully
avowed the doctrine, yet its paternity is traced
to Mr. Lincoln, who had previously, in the Illi-
nois canvass with Judge Douglas, declared it as
follows:
" In mv opinion, it [the slavery agitation] will not cease
untilacnsis shall have been leached and parsed. 'A
hou e divided against itself cannot stand.' I believe thw
Govenmientcannot endure permanently half slave arid half
tiee. i do not expect the house to fall, but 1 do expect it
will cea^e to be divided. It will become all one thing or
all the other. Either the opponents of slavery wdl arrest
the further spicad of it, and place it wiieie the public mind
shafl rc'-t in the belief that it is in the course of ultimate
extinction, oi its advocates, wdl push forward till it shall
become alike JawSul in all the Staler—old as well as new,
Noitii as well as South."
The New York Senator, adopting the same
idea in his Rochester speech, declared that the
two systems of labor peculiar to the different
States were antagonisticai, and that, as they came
into closcr contact, collision ensues. He then
adds:
'• Shall I tell you what this collision means? It is an
irropiessiblc conflict between opposing and en dm mgfoices,
and it means that the United States mu-t, and will, sooner
or later, become cither entirely a blavohoidmg nation, or
entnely a fiee-Iabor nation. Eithet the cotton and lice
fields of South Carolina, and the su<rar plantations oi Lou-
isiana, Will ultimate!} be tilled by tree laboi, and Chailes-
ton and ,\oiv Oilcans, become marts for legitimate mer-
chandise alone, or cNc the lye fields and wheat fields of
Massachusetts and New York must again be surrendered
by their farmeis to the slave culture and to the pioduetion
of slaves, and Boston and New York become once more
maikett? for trade in the bodies and souls of men. It h the
failuie to apprehend this gieat truth that induces so many
unsuccessful attempts at final compromise between the
slave and fiee States, ami it i-> the existence of thia great
fact that rendeis all such pretended compiomiscs, when
made, vain and ephemeral."
Happily, indeed, for America and the world,
such treasonable heresies received no favor from
