THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; C. ^
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 1860.
New Series.....No; 111' ''
Mr. LANDRUM. I desire to move that the
House (Jo now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman hag not the
floor to make that motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The first motion before the
House is the call for the yeas and nays on the
motion to go into committee.
Mr. BURCH. I think the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. COLFAX. By unanimous consent the
gentleman from North Carolina can make a sug-
gestion.
Mr.WINSLOW. I merely wish to say, that
I had leave of absence yesterday at an early hour,
in consequence of sickness, andl did nothear until
this morning that there had been a night session.
I understand, however, that the House was in
session all night, and it is perfectly obvious that
it is incapable of doing business understanding^.
I think if the House would now consent that the
gentleman from New York should proceed with
his speech briefly—and he can print it to any
extent he desires—we might then adjourn until
Friday. ["No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. LANDRUM. Then I move thatlhe House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the House should
now adjourn, to what time will it adjourn?
The SPEAKER. Until eleven o'clock to-mor-
row, as it is now five minutes past eleven o'clock.
Mr. LANDRUM. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I now ask that consent be
given to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Mc-
Kean] to make a speech of five or ten minutes;
and I am perfectly indifferent what the House
does afterwards.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it the under-
standing that then an opportunity shall be given
to a motion to adjourn? ["Yes!" "Yes!"]
The motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was then agreed
to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stevens,
of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill making an appropriation
for fortifications and other works of defense, for
the year ending 30th June, 1861; on which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. McKean] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LANDRUM. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I desire to make a
statement.
Mr. BINGHAM. I must object to any inter-
ference with the gentleman.
Mr. McKEAN addressed the committee on the
general politics of the day. [His remarks' will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ELY obtained the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man from New York yield to a motion that the
committee do now rise? We have been here
twenty-four hours without food and without
sleep.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from New York to yield to
the gentleman from Ohio for a motion that the
committee do now rise?
Mr. ELY. Not yet.
Mr. ELY addressed the committee. [His re-
marks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to. .
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stevens, of Pennsyl-
vania, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly the
bill making appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense, for the year ending June
30,1861,and had come to no conclusion thereon.
I71
Mr. DAWES. I now call up the Missouri
contested-election case.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone the
Missouri contested-election case till to-morrow,
for the purpose of making a few remarks to the
House. [Cries of " Question!"] I claim my
right to the floor. I desire to say a few words,
and when gentlemen resume their seats, I shall
proceed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I made the mo-
tion to adjourn as soon as the gentleman from
Massachusetts called up the contested-election
case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submitted a motion to
postpone that case; and when gentlemen allow
me, I will say what I have to say.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Let the Speaker
determine who has the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now desire to say this:
we have had an unprofitable session of twenty-
five hours', without having advanced the public
business. All this difficulty arose from a con-
stitutional point—the gentlemanfrom North Caro-
lina [Mr. Craige] raising the objection that no
speech could be made unless there were a quo-
rum present. Now, while the gentleman from
North Carolina has a right to make thatpoint, and
while I have not a word to say against his mak-
ing that constitutional point, yet I desire to say,
emphatically, that gentlemen on this side of the
House have certain constitutional rights, and that
these rights have to be observed. They have a
right to be heard in discussion. I do not want,
myself, to address the House at all; but there are
gentlemen on this side of the House who wish to
discuss politics, and other topics, and they have
the constitutional right to do so,and must be pro-
tected in it. They will enjoy that right. And if
gentlemen on the other side say that they .cannot
exercise it except when there is a quorum present,
then, I say, they will exercise their constitutional
right when there is a quorum present. If, how-
ever, the course had been pursued which is usual,
and if these gentlemen had been allowed to make
their speeches in committee, or to print them,
that would have been the end of it; and we would
have gotthrough last night, and all these speeches
would have been delivered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I rise to a question
of order. All questions relating to the priority of
business must, by express rule of the House, be
decided without debate. Thegcntleman from Ohio
moves to postpone the election case, which is be-
fore the House; and I submit that is not a debat-
able question, and as he has said all that can be
said on that point, I must insist upon the pointof
order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to postpone
the ordinary business is debatable to a limited
extent. The Chair decides it is debatable to the
extent the gentleman from Ohio has indulged in
debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
question is, " shall we postpone the Missouri con-
tested-election case till to-morrow?" Iam discuss-
ing that question. But in doing so, I have the right
to state why it is necessary to postpone this spe-
cial order. It is because we have had an unprof-
itable discussion of twenty-fourhours, from which
we are all wearied and worn out; we cannot sit
here to try the case of the Missouri contested
election, because we are not in a fit condition to
^Slr.'VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman from
Ohio was in bed all last night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to sit here
myself, but other gentlemen are not. I wenthome
at twelve o'clock last night, and went to bed and
had a sleep. , . ,
Mr. STOKES. I desire to say this: 1 remained
here throughout the night. I slept not a minute.
And now I am ready to sit here for six hours
longer, and decide this contested-election case, or
any other legitimate business that comes" up., I
am as much wearied as anybody else, bjjt 1 am
anxious to go on with the public business.-, 1
Mr. SHERMAN., What I propose to say is,
to give notice to the House' that, if we are com-
pelled to have a quorum here on every occasion
that a gentleman on this side of the House der
sires to speak upon any general question, they
will-be compelled to forego debate altogether,-or
else keep the House here day after day for that
purpose. And I say, for.ope, that, if gentlemen
desire to speak, I will introduce no appropriation
bill, and call up no business, until those gentle-
men on this side of the House who may desire to
speak shall have an opportunity.
Now, I do not care what becomes, of the mo-
tion. I call the previous question upon.it, • ...
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the gentleman
having charge of this question desires to have a
vote upon it to-day; and 1 will, therefore, with-
draw the motion to postpone.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. LEAKE. I think I am entitled to. the
floor, and I am disposed to insist upon my rights.
I have not troubled the House, although I have
been entitled to the floor a dozen times this morn-
ing; but yet the Chair has refused to recognize
me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gave the floor to
the gentleman from Ohio, thinking it his right,
inasmuch as he had already made a motion which,
at the time, the Chair could not entertain.
Mr. LEAKE. Well, sir, I am not going to
make any trouble in the matter. I am going to
give up. Somebody calls me to order who, as I
understand, has a speech of eighteen columns in
the Globe of yesterday, not a word of which was
uttered in the House. I do not know his name,
nor do I desire to know it. I have the right to
claim the floor, fbr I am entitled to it; but I will
produce no disorder here; and I therefore willnot
insist upon my rights.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAN. I renew the motion
to postpone the special order; and upon that mo-
tion I desire to be heard in reply to my colleague
from the Mansfield district, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. GOOCH. Is debate in order., If it is not,
I object.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The Speaker has
already decided that this motion is debatable,
Mr. GOOCH. I understand thatit is contrary
to the rules to debate a motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone was
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] and was debated by him. Itis now renewed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vallandig-
ham;] and upon that the gentleman is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I have no,disposi-
tion to detain the House.
Mr. GOOCII. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts must rememberthatthegentleman from
Ohio is upon the floor, and it is in order to debate
the motion to postpone. That motion is debatable.
The motion to lay on the table is not.
Mr. GOOCH. I move to lay on the table, then.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman has
not the floor to make that motion.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a question of order
I submit that this subject is not legitimately be-
fore the House. The regular order of business
for to-day is the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in reference to the Presi-
dent's protest; which was made the special order
for to-day. I call up that special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman that the special order to which he re-
fers does not commence until after the morning
hour.
Mr. HICKMAN. The morning hour trans-
pired long ago, for to-day, with me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
Missouri contested-election case is properly be-
