I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33®-
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Cobb.
Ho. of Reps.
the patriots of our revolutionary era. But our
fathers having made so great a mistake, these
leaders of the Republican party undertake the
necessary correction. Their decree is, that the
United States must, " sooner or later, become
either entirely a slavcholding nation, or entirely
a free labor nation;" that the two systems of labor
pursued in the different sections are incongru-
ous and antagomstical; that "they never-have
permanently existed together in one country, and
nevercan.55 Mr. Chairman, it is certainly a matter
of great interest to this people to know, if the two
systems of "labor in the country are so antago-
mstical as to lead to conflict and collision—not an
accidental, but an irrepressible conflict. The first
great fact .that strikes the mind is that, if such a
collision is going on,thcncgro slaveisand always
has been unconscious of it. No agency of his will
induce it. He asks no man's intervention. The
comforts which the interests of both master and
slave secure to him supply all his wants, and he
is contented and happy. Right or wrong, this is
notoriously true. The recent event at Harper's
Ferry showed that not a single slave was willing
to resort to force against, his master, or even to aid
white persons who ostentatiously paraded their
willingness^ at the expense of their necks. The
cause for an irrepressible conflict cannot be found
with the master and slave. Do we find such cause
in the free system? Where and in what manner
does this antagonism disclose itself? If at all,it
must be because these systems are mutually in-
jurious. In other words, if there be a conflict, itis
one of interest. The prosperity of either must be
the detriment of the other.
But how stands the case? Slave labor is em-
ployed-almost exclusively in the culture of cotton,
rice, sugar, and tobacco. Free labor, on the other
hand, is employed chiefly in navigation, manu-
factures, and mining, and in raising live stock and
provisions. This diversity of pursuits and pro-
ductions is attributable, not only to the difference
in the systems Of labor, but to diversity of cli-
mate and soil and the overriding consideration of
profit. The southern States, finding in the se-
curity and convenience of a common Government
the most profitable employment in the culture of
their great staples, have allowed the mighty inter-
eats of navigation- and manufactures to grow up
at the North, under the fostering care of the Fed-
era! Union. Ts it not plain, that this very diver-
sity of pursuits secures a mutuality of interest ?
Are not the people of the North, indeed every
man, woman, and child, indebted to the South for
their great staples of cotton and sugar? And are
not the people of the South indebted to the JNorth
for manufactures and provisions and facilities of
navigation ? We discover, then, no cause of con-
flict between the sections of this countiy, either
on account of their different systems of labor or
the variety of their productions. But it is mani-
fest these various systems and interests are mu-
tually beneficial. They are not rival and hostile,
but are friendly and subsidiary. They are cus-
tomers for each other. 1 can readily understand
why rivalry and hostility may arise between per-
sons pursuing the same avocation; I can under-
stand how, m such a case, there may exist a con-
flict of interest, but I leave to my Republican
friends the difficult task of vindicating their irre-
pressible-conflict doctrine.
But, sir, this doctrinc is a libel on the history
of the country. Our material progress has been
unexampled. The development of the country
in every direction is without a precedent; not
only in the manufacturing interest of New Eng-
land, nor in the countless wealth and blessings
of the middle States, nor m the vigorous pros-
perity of the new and vast empires of the West,
bui, sir, in the far South, where voluntary white
labor is impracticable—where the black-handed
child of the sun has contributed his full share to
the general welfare. He has reclaimed vast soli-
tudes where his white brother scarce ventured to
enter. The willing earth has blossomed under
his stroke, and filled the lap of commerce with her
choicest productions of plant and fiber. The
shipping interest of the Northeast has carried
them into every sea, and in every mart of the civ-
ilized world has proclaimed, "Cotton is king!"
Statistics in this connection are interesting; but
they fail to convey to the mind even an approach
to accuracy of the vast extent in which the rela-
tion of buyer and seller pervades the two great
sections of the country so much to their mutual
advantage. Considered from any point of view,
the teachings of Republicanism are purely dema-
goguical, and unworthy of the age in which we
live.
Mr. Chairman, it is quite apparent that the
most serious mischief would result from conform-
ing the political action of this Government to such
views. Fatal, I fear, sir, would be the delusion
that would thus mislead the people of this Union.
But factious appeals, to be effective, must be dis-
guised with fervent asseverations of devotion to
the Confederacy. Here is our anchor in the darkest
storm. The triumph of error and deception must
be brief, and without the most criminal madness
and folly can never reckon among its trophies the
last days of the Federal Union. We cannot re-
gard with too great disfavor the slightest circum-
stances that contribute to alienation and distrust.
Theyhavemultiplied mostfearfully within thepast
few years;*and the general result is before us in a
country torn by intestine factions and fired by sec-
tional hatred. We are reminded by history that, in
periods of great excitcmcnt, revolution and disas-
ter are precipitated from apparently triflng causes.
44 'Tis the last ounce that breaks the camel's back."
It is the last snow flake, lighter than a feather,
that disengages the impending avalanche from its
icy hold, which, gathering as it rolls, buries hamlet
and city in a common ruin.
Gentlemen may .speculate about the right of
secession, and indulge in visions of empire se-
curely erected over the fragments of the Consti-
tution; but the stubborn truth recurs. This in-
comparable system of government is not fragile,
that it may be broken at pleasure; nor is it iron
or adamant, that it may be crushed by physical
power. It is an inviolable trust, committed to
each passing generation for their enjoyment on
the sacred condition that it shall be transmitted
unimpaired to their latest posterity. Itis a trust
consecratcd by the most imposing sanctions of
history, which patriotism will execute at every
peril.
____
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF BON, W. B. W. COBB,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives,
May 19, 1860.
The House hem? in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. COBB said:
Mr. Chairman: In submitting a few remarks,
I hope I may not say one word that will offend
one from the North or South; but from a disposi-
tion, if possible, to throw into the scale one mite
to assist in producing harmony m this greatand,
should be, happy country; and, in doing this, I
hope I may be permitted to address myself to the
sober and reflecting portion of all parts of this
country. Let me stand, to-day, for a few brief
moments, as it were, upon the dividing line be-
tween the North and the South, (say Mason and
Dixon's line, if you choose,) and speak afewun-
vurnjshed truths; and as it lias been said, " Truth
is mighty, and will prevail," I pray I may deal
this day in truths, and that they may have their
desired effect. In doing this, 1 will endeavor to
avoid such a criticism as could be made upon
much that has been said here and elsewhere. I
might allude to the gentleman's eighteen million
speech from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hickman,] and
others; but I shall only endeavor to show the true
condition of slavery, and, if possible, to remove
the unjust prejudice against slavery and slave-
holdera^hat too often exists in the North and
West.T First, by showing the necessity for sla-
very, not only to develop the resources of this
country, hut the manufacturing, shipping inter-
ests, and labor of the North.
In doing this, I would call your attention to the
vast amount of cotton produced in the South by
slave labor. The climate not beingadaptcd to white
labor, this article must be made almost exclu-
sively by the negro. Now, compare this. Saythe
value of cotton produced by slave labor,amounts
to over one hundred and sixty million dollars'
worth per annum for export. The North only
exported last year about five millions of other arti-
cles. North and South,mixed, about eighty-four
millions, except the cotton crop. See the differ-
ence of our exports. Now, take this one hun-
dred and sixty million dollars' worth of cotton,
say something over three and a half million bales,
and out of this the North manufacture, say seven
hundred thousand bales; then inquire how many
persons of the North are employed in shipping
this crop, and in manufacturing the seven hun-,
dred thousand bales, and the food and raiment it
affords to the laboring population in the North,,
the vast profit to the manufacturer, and the vast
amount of provision the farmer of the North sup-
plies these manufacturers and operatives with, and
you will at once see how intimately connected,
pecuniarily, the northern population are with the
growth of cotton, and that can only be done by
slave labor. ®
Now, as to the morality of slavery, I need not
do more than to point your minds to the Word
of God, the acts of your fathers and our fathers,
to show that neither God or our fathers believed
it a sin, or they never would, for a moment, have
tolerated it. Our fathers did doubt the propriety
of permitting the slave*trade to be kept open
longer than the year 1800. Your fathers insisted
on its being kept open longer; and the result was
a compromise to stop it in 1808. Your fathers
wanted to make money by trading in slaves. Our
fathers believed, with what we had and their in-
crease, we had enough for all practical purposes;
never thinking for a moment of the vast produc-
tion of cotton, and the necessity of slave labor to
produce it, (there not being one bale made then for
export;) not thinking that slave labor, in the pro-
duction of cotton, was to produce a thread, as it
is said, to bind England and the United States for-
ever together; not thinking for a moment this
labor was to save England from a daily revolu-
tion, by furnishing her cotton to keep her millions
of would-have-been paupers employed; not think-
ing for one moment of the vast number of persons
among ourselves that the manufacture of cotton
employs, thereby feeding and .clothing the mil-
lions, not only in England, but in our own coun-
try. Think only of this, and then think of the
failure of one cotton crop—the products of these
slaves—and learn the untold want and misery it
would pioduce. It is said it would bankrupt the
world. Then do unto us as you would we should
do unto you—let us alone—and let us be equal par-
ticipants of all our joint property, for which we
have been jointly taxed to pay, and for which we
still owe a large amount that must be paid. Let
our Territories be settled by all; and, at a proper
time, let those settlers determine as to their own
institutions—whether or not they will have sla-
very—and we will make no just complaint of each
other. Further: observe the Constitution and laws
made by our fathers; see that their provisions, ac-
cording to the letter and spirit, be enforced, which
read as follows:
" No person held to servicc or labor in one State, under
the laws theteof, escaping into anothei, shall, in conse-
quence of any low or regulation therein, be dischaiged from
buch service or labor, but shall be delivered upon claim of
the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
Then deliver to us our slaves when escaping
into your States, as our fathers obliged them-
selves and you to do, and you will hear no com-
plaints coming up from us on thataccount. Levy
no oppressive burdens upon our southern or north-
ern farmers for the protection of a few, and you
will find the South true to the payment of all just
demands against her, to raise the means to defray
a properly-administered Government.
A word of plain talk to the fair-minded and
thinking portion of the North, for I hope of such
there are millions. Do you think it right to aid
in escaping from us our servants, and, by the
Constitution, our property, either by your un-
friendly legislation or by your personal aid to the
number annually of eleven or twelve hundred, as
your reports show, say in value about nine hun-
d red and sixty thousand dollars' worth per annum ?
Is this right? What would you think of us if you
had property to escape, much less stolen by us,
or aided in escaping to this value? I think there
can be but one answer to this; that is, you owe
it to us; you owe it to future generations; yea,
and you owe it to the perpetuity of this Union,
