1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
amendment. He proposes an amendment that tlic
committee shall report a bill admitting the State,
if I understand it correctly, taking from the com-
mittee the exercise of any power to determine even
whether the proposed constitution conforms to
the Constitution of the United States, and, as ex-
pressive of the sense of the Senate, declaring that
there is no obstacle to the admission of the State
by means of any existing law. I am not pre-
pared for that. If a majority of the Senate think
that the law upon winch the admission of Kan-
sas is made contingent is an unwise or inexpedi-
ent law, repeal it; but do not disregard the law
while it stands upon the statute-book.
I do not see that wc can go on with any kind
of regularity or safety in the administration of the
Government, unless we see that the existing legal
requisites be complied with, or that those requi- j
sites be removed as unwise and impolitic 111 their j
adoption. I cannot see any parliamentary pro- i
priety, or any legal propriety, in entertaining this
constitution until the Senate ascertains whether
the existing law has been complied with, or until
the Senate determines to repeal that law; and I
know of no way of getting officially at the fact,
but by the report of the committee, whether the
law has been complied with.
Mr. DROWN. Mr. President, my object in
proposing the instructions was so palpable, as I
supposed, to everybody, that I simply had the
paper read, and there rested the case. 1 was sur-
prised to find that there should be any objection
to instructions of this character coming from any
quarter. 1 think the instructions were introduced
at the right piacc, on a motion to refer this con-
stitution, which, if all that we see in the news-
papers is true—and we have, perhaps, reason to
believe it is true—has been framed m total viola-
tion of the authority of Congress. When such
a constitution, or pretended constitution, was sent
here, and a motion was made to refer it, it seemed
to me that that was the proper time to inquire
whether those rumors were true; whether it was
true, in point of fact, that the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas had gone on in total disregard,
in entire derogation, of the authority of Congress,
to frame this instrument. I have no hesitation in
• saying that, if this turns out to be true, I shall
vote to exclude this proposed State, and to reject
this constitution.
I want the information, then; and I want it in
this directconnection, because it will influence my
vote. If it shall turn out to be true that the act
of Congress has been totally set at naught; if no
sort of regard has been paid to it, whatever other
gentlemen may think, I shall feel myself con-
strained to reject the whole work. Other gentle-
men take a different view of their duty, and do not
want this information. They care not whether
the act of Congress has been disregarded or not;
they stand prepared to vote for the admission of
the State; but I want the information to govern
my own conduct; and I do not appreciate the dis-
tinction which the Senator from New York draws
between voting for the instructions in this con-
nection, and voting exactly the same thing in the
form of a separate resolution. If I could see that
it made any essential difference m the case, I flight
take the Senator's assurance that he and his friends
would vote for the instructions; but not seeing the
point why, if the instiuctions should be voted, they
cannot as well go along with the motion to refer .
as be adopted in any other form, I say to the Sen- ;
ator, in all kindness, that I decline his appeal to j
withdraw my proposition. !
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote against the amend- '
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin, for the rea- ;
son which I suggested the other day—that I am ■
opposed to this system of instructing the commit-
tees to report any particular proposition, taking j
away all their discretion. I shall v ote against the
instructions proposed by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi; for, if I understand him, the point he
wishes to ascertain is simply whether a census j
has been taken in Kansas precedent to the form- '
ation of this constitution.
Mr. BROWN. More than that. I want to
know whether there has been a compliance with
the English bill?
Mr. PUGH. That is the point of non-com-
phancc—that a census has not been taken. Now,
sir, if it shall appear, on the examination of the
committee—and 1 doubt not the committee will
examine the question—that the spirit of the act i
passed in 1858 has been violated, I shall vote to
reject the application to admit Kansas, for I do
not intend to vote to admit States with an inade-
quate population; but if it shall appear that she
has substantially the population required by that
bill, I shall certainly not stick in the bark upon
your census. That is a mere method of ascer-
taining the fact; and if I know the fact otherwise
by satisfactory evidence, it seems to me the vain-
est thing for grown men to stand here debating
whether a census has or has nst been taken. It
is no essential part of the bill. The Senator from
Virginia says it was to be a Federal census. That
very question was debated at the time the confer-
ence bill was before the Senate, and it was denied
by one universal statement on this floor that, it
was to be a Federal census.
But, sir, there is another chapter. At the very
last session of this Senate, the Committee on Fi-
nance, at the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Interior, moved an amendment to the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill appropriating money
to take this census. We did not claim that Kan-
sas was bound to take the census unless we ap-
propriated the money. The Executive Depart-
ment, the proper Department, leoommended the
appropriation; our Committee on Finance recom-
mended it, and we ourselves at one time adopted
it. Afterwards, upon its being suggested that we
could avoid some controversies by withdrawing
that amendment, I gave warning at that time that,
if that amendment was withdrawn, if we under-
took to fprbid Kansas the means of taking a cen-
sus, it was equivalent to a waiver of the condition
of census. The Globe will show that that very
conversation occurred on this floor Shall wc
insist on the condition precedent, when we gave
her no m?ans to perform it ? When wc knew the
fact that her Legislature was about taking meas-
ures to form a State constitution, and when we
were called upon to appropriate the money in
order that she might take a census, we refused it;
and now,because she has not taken a census, we
undertake to set up that objection against her.
Sir, we are foreclosed; and as that is the only
point that the Senator from Mississippi proposes
to inquire into, I say, for me, it is immaterial. If
Kansas has the population, and I can be satisfied
of it by other evidence, I shall not wait for a cen-
sus. Therefore, I shall vote against the instruc-
tions.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I agree with
the honorable Senator from Ohio in the position
thatit is unwise to instruct a committee originally
as to what their report is to be, so as to control
their action. There seems no need of a reference
in that case at all; it is a mere form. But I do not
look upon these instructions as instructions m that
sense at all. It is a mere resolution of inquiry;
and I submit to the honorable Senator from New
York that whether a resolution of inquiry is sug-
gested in the form of an amendment, or as an ori-
ginal resolution, makes no difference. It has not
been usual in this body to prevent any Senator
! from ascertaining, through the medium of acom-
! mittee, or an application to the Departments, any
! fact which he deems material for the purpose of
j discussing any question which may come before
I the Senate. We have always yielded that cour-
| tesy to eveiy member of the body; and this seems
I to me to be, on the ground of mere form, a re-
jection of that right which you accord m every
other case. It is not an instruction to the com-
mittee as to whether they shall report in favor of
or against the admission of Kansas; but majore
cautela, a Senator deeming certain facts proper to
be known officially, which he may have heard by
rumor, and may doubt as to the authenticity of
the information, asks that they may be reported
on by the committee, because he deems them to
have relevancy to what has been referred to the
committee. It seems to me that there can be no
harm in instructions of that kind, whieh are not
strictly instructions as to the mam subject, but a
resolution of inquiry adopting the ordinary form,
except that this conies in the shape ol an amend-
ment. Itcommitsthecommittertonothing. They
may report the facts; and under the reference
they may report that they deem those facts of no
f importance, as regards the admission of Kansas,
or they may report that they deem them vitally
[ important. Indeed, to my own mind, the com-
j mittec can report on all that, and state any facts
! they deem material to the decision by the Senate
of the question whether Kansas shall be admitted
as a State now, without this resolution of inquiry;
but the Senator from Mississippi desires it, and 1
see no objection to it. I think it docs not commit
one to any course whatever; and, for my own part,
I am unwilling—following the example of the
honorable Senator from Ohio—to enter into a dis-
cussion, even impliedly, of the merits of the ques-
tion, on a mere resolution of inquiry.
The amendment of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin is very different, though. It brings
up the original question without the facts before
you. The honorable Senator from Mississippi
asks for facts to be officially ascertained. The
honorable Senator from Wisconsin moves, as
an amendment, that you shall determine upon
the subject-matter without the facts before you;
and that the constitution shall go to the commit-
tee with instructions to report it back. It raises
a discussion of the whole merits of the quos-.
tion. I submit that the resolution of the honor-
able Senator from Mississippi is merely a resolu-
tion of inquiry, and its being in the form of an
amendment ou^ht not to preclude its being passed;
but the proposition of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin is an amendment that goes to the very merits
of the question, and destroys the object of having
a reference to the'committee at all; and requires
us to decide whether Kansas shall or shall not be
admitted in a debate on the reference of the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is made the
imperative duty of the Chair, under the rules of
the Senate, to arrest further proceedings on the
subject now before the Senate, for the purpose of
taking up for consideration a special order as-
signed for this hour. That special order is the
bill to prohibit the issue of bank notes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and that is the subject now for
consideration before the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. At the request of numerous
friends, I have agreed to give way, and not insist
on the consideration of this bill until they can get
through such of the business of the morning hour
as will not lead to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that be the
general understanding of the Senate, the Chair
will receive petitions and reports from commit-
tees and resolutions. [" Agreed."]
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of a com-
mittee of the Boston Board of Trade, praying an
inquiry into the causes of shipwrecks; and also,
that a better description of life-boats and other
improved means for the preservation of human
life may be adopted; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Elias Carpenter; which
were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of the
citizens of Tampa, Florida, praying that the port
at that place maybe made a port of entry; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
! Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I submit a
! memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the
| city of New York, which states that in the last
i census of the United States which was taken,
: there were no statistics of commerce, or at least-,
no adequate statistics. The memorial is very
i elaborate, very able, and a very instructive docu-
ment. I believe we have no committee charged
with the subject of preparing a law for the taking
of the next census, and there is no committee
which has it now in charge; and I shall, there-
' fore, be content on the present occasion to move
that the memorial be laia on the table, and that it
j be punted; and I ask the consideration of the
i Committee on Printing to the merits of the me-
| morial.
| The memorial was ordered to lie on the table,
, and be printed.
: Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of R. L.
| Dorr, praying that the Secretary of State may
authorized to demand of the British Government
! indemnity for a violation, by its subjects, of the
! rights of Samuel G. Dorr, under a patent for an
! improved method of shearing cloth, issued by the
! United States Patent Ofrice, October 20, 1792;
I which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
t He also presented the petition of John Bing-
! ham, late a clerk employed in collecting the rev-
