2722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
fore the House, and the motion to postpone is de-
batable. The gentleman from Ohio is entitled
to the floor. '. ,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to say to
my colleague that there is no disposition on this
side of the House to prevent the fullest latitude
of debate. We "are willing that debate should
proeeed evenbeyond the legitimate range of dis-
cussion, so long as a quorum is present; and it is
idle for gentlemen to talk about our resisting the
-constitutional rights of that sideof tHe-H6use.. It
is not a constitutional right upon the part of any
one to address this body, eithier in the House or
committee, when there is no quorum present, in-
asmuch its the Constitution expressly declares
that thereshall be no business transacted—and in
a parliamentary sense every proceeding, whether
debate or otherwise, is business—unless a quo-
rum be present.
"We have assented, not only to the fullest lati-
tude of debate upon the-part of gentlemen upon
the other side of the House within the rules, but
we have permitted them to print speeches which
they have not delivered. As has been already
stated, there is a speech in the Globe of yesterday
of sixteen and a quarter columns, no portion of
which was ever delivered hi this X-Xouse; and
consent has been repeatedly given to print, as a
part of the proceedings of the House, speeches
not delivered when a quorum is present.
Now, sir, whenever there is a quorum present,
the right is most distinctly recognized by gentle-
men on this side of the House, of gentlemen on
the other side to discuss any and every question
so long as they choose. The controversy last night
arose becauscthere was no quorum present. My
colleague himself conceded the fact thatno quorum
was present at the time the gentleman from New
York was interrupted; and when the vote came to
be taken the vote lacked some forty-nine or fifty
of a quorum. The House was continued in ses-
sion, bv the assistance of gentlemen on this side
of the House as well as the other, until a quorum
was present, and then the gentleman from New
York was permitted to conclude his speech, and
was permitted to print such portions of it as he
chose not to repeat to the House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The member from
Illinois will excuse me. This much is due to
gentlemen on this sideof the House. I desired to
take no part in the controversy which took place
in committee last night, nor should I, but for the
fact that the gentleman occupying the chair of the
committeeundertook—unintentionally, I trustand
concede—to deprive us of the rights secured to us
by the Constitution. After that controversy was
settled, I took no part in the proceedings, except
to remain.here, as 1 did remain, for almost twenty-
five hours, without sleep and without food.
Now, sir, when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts called up the Missouri contested-election case,
which was, I admit, the first business in order,
after a session long and wearisome to us, who
have remained here, though 1 presume not to my
colleague, who- retired to his slumbers at eleven
or twelve o'clock, and returned this morning in
the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms—I say that,
after tins wearisome session, I am not di&pos^d
to cntei again upon this contostcd-election contro-
versy. I was not willing, however, that the House
should adjourn without, the truth going out to the
country. 1 now withdraw the motion to postpone,
and move that the House adjourn.
Mr.LANDRUM ctiled for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BRANCH. If we Adjourn now, when
will we reassemble?
The SPEAKER. To-morrow at eleven o'clock.
Mr. BRANCH. Will we not be compelled to
meet in Thursday's sion ?
The SPEAKER. No, dir.
Mr. BRANCH. Has the Journal of Wednes-
day been closed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Air. BRANCH. Are we not now in Thurs-
day's session ?
The SPEAKER. We are not.
Mr. BRANCH. If the Chair will reflect a
moment, I think he will see that we are still in
Wednesday's session; and that, if we no w adjourn,
we shall have to reassemble in Thursday's ses-
sion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I take it that the
natural day of Thursdayis absorbed in the legis-
lative day of Wednesday; and that, if we adjourn
now, we will adjourn to meet on Friday.
Mr. BRANCH. Then the official record will
show that the House met on Wednesday, ad-
journed on Wednesday, and that there was no
session on Thursday, without showing any rea-
son for it.
The SPEAKER. The record will show that
Thursday's session was absorbed in that of Wed-
nesday.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The hour of ad-
journment will indicate when the legislative day
ended, and that will fall in the natural day of
Thursday.
The SPEAKER. The motion should be put
in this way: that the House do now adjourn to
meet on Friday,at eleven o'clock. That will
make it explicit.
Mr. BRANCH. Then it will go upon the rec-
ord that the House adjourned on Wednesday to
meet on Friday.
The SPEAKER. It willappearupon the Jour-
nal that, on Thursday, the House adjourned to
meet on Friday, at eleven o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. Allow me to say that the very
hour of the day upon which you submit a motion
to adjourn is noted upon the Journal—is noted,
for instance, as made at five minutes before twelve
o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
when this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Friday, at eleven o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no necessity for that.
Mr. BRANCH. I give notice that when we
reassemble the special order is for Thursday; and
I shall bring up the question that the special order
is lapsed
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio answers all purposes.
Mr. ALDRICH. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will obviate the ob-
jection taken by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, if it is well founded. I do not think it is—
I agree with the Chair; but nevertheless, perhaps
it would be better that the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania should be put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman then adopts
the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania ?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not; but that
motion takes precedence of mine.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ALDRICH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I now move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. ALDRICH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the question,
if I am mistaken in supposing that there was an
understanding that we should adjourn after the
committee rose?
Mr. BONHAM. I object to any inquiry.
Mr. ADRA1N. I understand that there was a
general agreement to adjourn.
Mr. FRANK. I understood that, upon the con-
clusion of the speech-making, we were to adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. By general consent, I
desne to ask a question for information. It iy,
whether there was not an understanding, when
the House went into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that the House should
adjourn when the committee rose?
'Mr. BINGHAM. It is not in order for the
gentleman to ask a question. I say there was no
such general understanding.
The question was taken: and it was dccided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Mti&ifi Chailc  F. Allans, Oieen Adams, Ad-
min, Alien, Avery, Bark«dnl«\ Hair, B.uref, llonham.
Boyce, Krabson. lhaiieh, Biwiow; Buliinum. Btueh, Bur-
nett, Ciopton, Cobb, John Cuc'nane, Cos win, James Ciaig,
<Juu"y,David on..Iolm G. Pa vis, ltuuts n David, Do Jaim,tte,
Dmiinick, Edmundson, English, Ellinidge, Florence,
Fouke, Fiank, Gaitroll, Gumer, Hamilton, MoirU-on
IlariH, John T. Harns. Ilatton, Hawkins, Houston. Wil-
liam Howard, Jackson. Jfiikms, Jones, William Kellogg?
Kunkel, Lamar, Lamhuui. Lauab-'e, Janu'< M. Leach,
Leake, Locan, Low, Mac-lay. Charier 1). Mainn, May-
naid, McQueen, Mill-on. Muurgomoy, Labtin T. Mooic,
Nelson, Nihlack, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps,Pryor,
Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Schwartz,
Scott, Simms, Singleton, William Smith, William N, H.
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stout,
Tappan, Taylor. Train, Underwood, Vallandigliam, Vance,
Wlnteley, Wilson, Woodson, and Wright—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Aldnch, Ashley, Ashrnore,Beale, Bing-
ham, Rlair, Blake, Brayton, Burlingame, Burnham, But-
terfield, Carey, Carter, Case, Horace F. Clark, Colfax, Co-
vode, Crawford, H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Duel I, Dunn,
.Edgcitoii, Edvvaids, Eliot,Ely,Fainsworth, Fenlon,Ferry,
Foster, French, Gooeh, Graham, Gurley, Ilale, Hickman,
Hoard, Holman, William A. Howard, Humphrey, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon, DeWitt C. Leach,
Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Malloiy, McKean, McKnight,
Mooihead, Momli, Edward Joy Morris, Nixon, Perry, Pet-
! tit, Portgr, Potter, Pottle, Rice, Riggs, Christopher Rob-
inson, Troycc, Itust, Shennan, Spinner, Stokes, Stratton,
Tompkins, Trimble, Van Wyelc, Verree, Wade, Waldron,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eiiihu B. Wasliburne?
Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, Wood, and Woodruft
—83.
During the vote,
Mr. PETTIT stated that he had paired off
after this vote, with Mr. &uarles; and that he
(Mr. Pettit) voted "no."
Mr. THOMAS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Delano.
Mr.HARRIS, of Maryland,stated that his col-
league, Mr. Webster, had been obliged to go
home.
Mr. WRIGHT stated that Mr. Clark, of Mis-
souri, was quite unwell, and was unable to come
to the House this morning.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Botdler upon all political questions;
but that, «ot considering this a political question,
he voted " no."
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The House accordingly (at twelve o'clock and
fifteen minutes, p. m.) adjourned until Friday at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 7, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, of the 4th
instant, stating that there is no information in the
possession of that Department relative to the ar-
rest or board of an American merchant vessel at
Palermo, of Father Lanza; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate, of the 6th instant, statingthat
the leport of Lieutenant Commanding Craven,
called for by that resolution, was communicated
to the Senate on the 9th of May, 1858; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Huntingdon and Juniata counties, in Penn-
sylvania, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Shade Gap, through the valley of Tus-
carora, to Waterloo, in Juniata county, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of citizens
of Kansas, praying the establishment of a mail
| route from Fort Smith, Arkansas, to the towns of
! Colorado and Denver City, in the Territory of
I Kansas*, which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
ARTHUR EDWARDS—VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the Senate take
up the veto message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, on the bill for the relief of Arthur Ed-
wards and his associates. That question has laid
for a long time, and I think it will only take a few
minutes to have it disposed of.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow
us to make reports first.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Michigan yield the floor?
Mr. BINGHAM. I do, if I do not lose my
chance to make the motion again.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply desire to make a re-
port.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan yields the floor.
