836
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Cobb.
Ho. of Keps.
that justice shall be done, and our property re-
turned. Will you do it? If so, there shall be no
quarrel between us. You say slavery is a curse.
Has it proved so to those of the old patriarchs that
had it ? Has it proved so to your fathers, or has
it proved a cursc to yo-u and I? You are bound
to answer no; and I will answer, not a cursc to
the patriarchs, our fathers, ourselves, or to the
negroes themselves, but a blessing; for it is now
obvious that they are better provided for than any
other portion of their lace on earth. For a mo-
ment Jet your mind fall back to the condition of
the African in hisown country, and contrast him
with the four million slaves among us, the latter
well provided for, properly instructed, and im-
bued with religious sentiments, as will appear
from the following facts.
The Methodist Ghurch South enrolls as large a
numberof colored membersas do all of the Chris-
tian denominations in all the pagan world. This
day the Baptist Church South enrolls as large a col-
ored church membership as the Church of God be-
side has gathered on all the heathen ground of the
earth. This day the Old School, the New School,
and the Cumberland Presbyterian, the Episcopal,
the Protestant Methodist> the Lutheran, and va-
rious otherChurches, have a colored church mem-
bership which combined will probably be found
not inferior in number to that of the Methodist
or Baptist, Thus you see, in u religious point of
view, they are well cared for. They have the
Gospel preached to them every Sabbath, often
by the white ministers, who preach to white
persons in the morning, and the servants in the
evening. The Hon. Mr. Lovejoy says there is
not a single home or hearthstone among the four
million servants in the South. This is not true.
Of the truth of his statement, let Miss Tracy, of
the North, who is now traveling through the
South, speak. Northern authority, in this case,
may be more readily believed than southern:
Ripley, Mississippi, August 18,1859.
DkarIIrotheh : The face ot the country here strikingly
resembles that of Wisconsin, not presenting the rugged
mounfainou-; appearance ot the northern pouum of New
England, or the monotony of tlie interminable pranies of
Illinois., but vaned by gently undulating luii^ and smooth
veidunt plain*, oak openings and cultivated fields. The
newly cleared lands give evidence that the country is still
in its infancy. Twenty-five yeais ago, where now is seen
the extensive cotton field, and the beautiful, f was about
to say almost palatial, residence of the wealthy planter—
where church and college; spire point upward to the great
Source of truth and wisdom—thy red man hunted the deer
through the foiest, sole monarch of all he surveyed."
Though coinpauitively in its infancy, it is advancing in the
iinpiovemeuts of civilization and education much more
rapidly than did the early colonies of the North. The in-
habitants are unsurpassed by any people with whom I have
ever jet been eonvewint m their couiteous reception and
hospitable entertainment of htrangeis. Ameitean gentle-
men, I believ e, are everywhere distinguished for their po-
liteness and deleiential respect to the ladies; and lam
happy to say that I find .southern gentlemen in nowise de
fieient in the national and uifist ennobling ti.ut of character.
And now, I hear you usk, what of slavery, that great
political question winch js convulsing our nation hom the
lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, and from the shores of the
Atlantic to (lie Pacific; and on the issues of which our
transatlantic brethren aie looking with no indifferent eye?
And now, deal hiother, do not hi and ine with the name of
tiaitor to the cause ot Abolitionism, for I feel confident,
that could you travel with me and witness what I witness,
that, as the snows of our native hills melt beneath the
genial influences of a summer's sun, so must your strong
piejudices against this institution melr away as mine are
doing daily, beneath the clear light of truth, till they are
lost beneath the Lethean wave. Educated as we have been,
in the piovailing opinion of the North, that slavery is a
great evil, yet have 1 come South with a mind open to con-
viction, anxious to investigate lor myselt a subject of which
we at the North know nothing except through rumor ; and
here allow me to say, with the candor with which I must
speak on all subjects, if I speak at all, whether it coincide
or clash with my preconceived opinions oi yours, that it is
With heart-felt pleasure I find the system far more humane
and Christianizing in its tendencies than 1 had supposed.
Thne are so many topics 1 wish to discuss, and so many
incidents I might mention, which would both inteiest and
enlighten you, but winch the circumscribed limits of a
letter forbid, that J scarcely know which to select.
Withiegaid to labor, two or thiee house servants are
employed to pertoim the labor required of one white ser-
vant at the North. The houses occupied by them in the
city are more comfortable than many of tho^e of the poorer
class in New England. At one subuiban residence winch
1 visited, the house occupied by the servants was pre« isely
like that of the master, (though tins, I think, is not usual,)
the room occupied by ins old nurse carpeted and otherwise
neatly furnished, In the country, block-houses are gener-
ally used ; and, indeed, not unfrequently on the new plan-
tations will >ou find the master living m house* built m a
similar style. Visiting at one ot these plantations a few
days since, Mr, C., our host, very politely showed me
through the cabins. Nice feather beds, neatly dressed with
vaJwices of snowy whiteness, together with other articles
of hoiKsehold convenience, gave an air of home comfort
which I had never dieamed of finding in a slave cabin.
I spoke of its Christianizing tendencies. In large towns
they have their own houses for holding public worship on
the Sabbath—their preachers being employed and paid by
their owners. Sabbath schools arc also sustained among
them. In small towns and country the same house is oc-
cupied by the white people m the morning and colored in
the evening. Should any white person be disposed to at-
tend the evening service, they are required to take the gal-
lery ; and in one instance, where the house was minus a
gallery, they were requested to withdraw, that they might
not infringe on the rights of the slave. Come here ; talk
with the slave; hear him relate, with Christian meekness
and simplicity, the story of his conviction and conversion
to God; hear turn repeat, m his broken language, one and
another of "those exceeding great and precious promises,"
alike precious to him and us, until your heart yearns
towards him with Christian love and sympathy; listen, as
i have done, to the slaveholder, while he tells you the sim-
ple story of the conversion of one of lus slaves in the field,
behind the plow, and her subsequent admission to our
church, thus sharing with us all the blessings and privi-
leges of the covenant people of God; go with me to their
churches; listen to those fervent prayers? as they go up like
holy incense to Heaven's high throne; then a&k yourself
the question, Were it better that these had begn born and
had died in Africa?
Hut you say they might be sent back to their native coun-
try, and the gospel preached to them there. Were it well
to" sacrifice the money and men requiicd for such an enter-
piise, while benighted India and the isles of the sea are
stretching forth their hands to us for the bread of Hie ? Are
our treasures overflowing? Are there none ou whom to
bestow the precious boon of the gospel ? Again let me ask:
Is Afiica the native land of lime tenths or nineteen twen-
tieths of the present coloied population of America ? Are
they not American bom and i eared? A) e not here the homes
of their wives and their children, and of a large piopoitiou of
them may it not be said, the homes and the graves of their
lathers and mothers? Ilete lies clustering around them
every endearing association of kith and kin, childhood and
youth, arid more mature age. As well might we talk of
sending Americans back to England because it was the
home of their ancestors for generations long gone; yea,
better, far, far bettci, would its civil and religious institu-
tions accord with those of our own country than will the
barbarism of Africa accord with American slavery. Facts
might be given showing the estimation in which the plan
is held by the slave, but moie m my next.
Your affectionate sister, E.J.TRACY.
Holly Springs, Mississippi, September, 19, 1859.
Dbvu Urotiikr: Since writing to you last,! have, in
acceptance of a polite invitation fiom ex-Governor Mat-
thews, been spending a few d.iys in his family. He is a man
of fifty years or more, and having traveled extensively
tluough the States, spending eonsjdetable tune among the
vauous Indian tubes of the fcjouth and Southwest, thus be-
comingtaimhar with their customs and manner--, possesses
that vaiied and inexhaustible storehouse of knowledge
which rcndeis him a mo-t agiecable conversational com-
panion. Had seveial long talks with him ou the slavciy
question ; anjl how much did 1 wish that you and every
northern Abolitionist could have been present, so lucid,
comprehensive, and convincing were ins aiguments, ut-
tered with that spirit of universal bcnevoience for which
he is everywhere distinguished. Often, while conversing
with him, was I reminded of our venerable college presi-
dent of old Daiunouth. it was at ins house I first wit-
nessed a negro sale, a scene which 1 have ever icgaided as
one most revolting to every feeling of humanity; but as 1
looked upon her cheeiiul countenance, as she stood there
in the hall, her infant in liei arms, mid two little ones at
her side, and heard the Governor say to her in his kindest
tones, '• Frances, I would not part with you were it not to
send you to your husband I" how changed the scene. Of
a gentleman at my side i mquned the valuation of the
group, to which he icphed, $3,000. 1 al'terwauls learned
lrom the Governoi that he sold them for $2,500, t'lus sac~
nficing ,$500, that he might unite them to the husband and
father. He also told me that he had never sold but one
negro except for the purpose of uniting families; and that
m one instance, having sold a negro woman to send hei to
her husband, as the time for her to leave dicw near, she
giieved so bitterly at parting with the family, that she
begged of him to buy her back again; which he did.
In another instance, he proposed to buy the wife of one
of his slaves, but her ownei refused to part with her ; he
then proposed to sell the husband to the wife's owner, to
which he replied that he would die before he would leave
him.
Another gentleman, Dr. C., has just been telling me of
a case that came under his own observation—the owner of
the husband attempting to buythc wife, but pioving un-
successful, he at length proposed that each should be valued
by some dismteiested person, and he would then sell the
husband at the valuation, or pay §2j0 more than the valu-
ation for the wife.
Numberless instances might be given, showing that the
sacred ties of the family circle are not so lightly (Jsteemed
as is generally supposed at the North, but that tfrcy ate
guarded with jealous care, seldom being violated when jt
can be avoided; also, in instances showing the strong at-
tachment existing between master and slave, especially
wheie slaves have been reared in the family. A lady once
remarked to me that her slaves did not work haid, she iiad
so many of them. I inquired why she did nor sell some of
them. She replied that she had inherited and raised them,
and could not part with them. From Judge T., in whose
family I visited recently, 1 learn that the laws foi thepiotec-
tion of the slave, in this State, are very stringent, and not
merely nominal, a-* has been supposed by u . lie told me
that, since he had been on the bench, no laws had been
more rigidly enforced than those for the punishment of the
paster for abuse of the slave. The Governor said that
when sickness came among his negroes they were brought
to his house and tendeily taken care of by himself and fam-
ily, and this I saw done in the last town 1 visited; also,
while there, there was a gentleman returning home with
his slave who ran away to a free State, but concluded that
he liked slavery better than fieedom ; wrote to his master
that if he would come for him he would gladly return to a
state of servitude. I am told that such instances are of Se-
quent occurrence.
Sabbath.—Group after group of well-dressed light-hearted
(if the countenance be any index) colored people, men,
women, and children, throng our streets, on theii way to
worship the Most High in his holy temple. As with the
rapidity of thought 1 glance from such a scene to benighted
Africa, sunk m moral degradation, over whose millions of
human souls the daikness of heathenism folds liei somber
wings in rayless night, my heart swells with giatitudc to
the great Father of all for the institution of Aineuean sla-
very. Well do i know the utterance ot such s'cntiments,
from such a source, falls strangely on your ear; but never-
theless they aie the sineeie sentiments of an honestheait.
1 believe slavery to he a divine institution, the fulfillment of
the cursc pronounced upon the descendants of Ham.
Theii physical and mental organization evince then adap-
tation to a state of servitude; and the history of various
nations, through all the ages down to the present time,
shows that this has been their condition. That ihis insti-
tution is not subject to abuse, like all others, 1 wftll not at-
tempt to prove. But does the abuse of any institution argue
against that institution r If so, by parity of reasoning, will
we argue against the marriage relation, that institution co-
eval with man's existence, and m which he finds his high-
est, holiest, and best estate ? The slaveholder acts in the
capacity of piotector, guide, moral and religious teacher of
the slave. Some, through piinciples of avarice, tyranny,
and oppression, piove false to this responsible trust. So,
also, how often do we see him who, at the sacred altar, lias
taken those solemn vows " to love, cherish, and pioteet"
the gentle being at his side, prove recreant to every noble
principle ot tiue manliness,until she, who like the shrink-
ing mimosa, has clung to him to shield hei from the mde
storms of the outer world, like a witheied flower falling to
the earth, seeks in its cold bosom that protection and peace
she has vainly sought m him. The deep designs ot infinite
wisdom are often accomplished by a series ot pi evidences
at the time beyond the ken of mortals. In the putting to
death of the Messiah by the envious and malicious Jews,
do we see Jehovah accomplish his eternal puiposc in the
completion of the great work of man's redemption.
So also does it seem to me that, in the enslaving of the
African, we can clearly trace the hand of an overiuhngand
merciful Providence guiding them to a Christian land;
thereby elevating their social, moral, and religious condi-
tion, by attrition with a higher race.
Your affectionate sister, E. J. TRACY.
Also let the Rev. N. Adams, of Boston, who
traveled through the South, speak:
" Wiien religious instruction, the pure, simple Gospel of
Je«us Christ, is extended to our laboring classes gcneially,
adults and children, as fully as it is enjoyed by the slaves
in such parts of the South as X visited, an object will be
gained ot far more intrinsic importance to our national
jnosperlty than all questions relating to slavery. Probably
m veiy many places at the South a larger pioportion of the
slaves than of the whites have given evidence of being
children of God. The religious condition of the slaves sur-
prises every visitor. The numberof communicants among
them, in proportion to the whites, is frequently a^ton ishing;
for example, m cases known to me, one hundred and fifty
blacks to fifty whites, two hundred to twenty. In Vnginia,
the whole nurnbei of communicants in the liaptist chinches
is stated to nie by a Baptist pastor to befoity-five thousand
blacks, and fifty thousand whites. In Savannah, Geoigia,
in a population of seveial thousand blacks, more than one
third aie church members. Three coloied pastois, with
salaries fiotn eight hundred to a thousand dollars, are sup-
ported by subscriptions and pew lents among then own
members. More than one third of the whole number of
communicants reported by the synod of South Caiohnaaie
coloied people. Of the three bundled and eighty-tour thou-
sand m that State, one seventh, or more than fifty thou-
sand, are professors of religion. In 18-53, $15,000 were con-
tributed by five thousand slaves in Charleston to benevolent
objects. These statistics, which are a fair sample, might
easily be multiplied; but it is unnecessary. Religion has
gamed wonderful ascendency among this people."
Now compare the condition of the slave with
the free colored population of the North, and see
which seems to be most prosperous, and say
nothing about the condition of the negro in Africa
and Canada, taking as a basis their increase. Say
in the year:
Slaves. Free tolan'J.
1840  2,487,455 3^6 303
1850  3,201,313 434,495
71G,85£
Increase of the slave population about twent-mne
per cent.; increase of the free population only
thirteen per cent.
The State census of New York for 1855, shows
that the decrease in the colored population, which
had begun before 1850, was still further acceler-
ated after that period. The colored population
at the latter date being 45,286, or 3,783 less than
in 1850.
Titus showing progression or absolute decrease
depends upon a physical deterioration of the fiee
