2724='
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
tion treaty. That is the object of the bill, and I
ask for its present consideration- I do not think
there can be any objection to it.
The bill (S. No. 497). to amend an act entitled
"An act for giving effect to certain treaty stipula-
tions between this and foreign Governments, for
the apprehension and delivery up of certain of-
fenders,'-' was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to proceed with this bill now.
There being no objection, the bill wasTead n
Second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It is a3 follows:
Be it enacted, «$*c., That in all cases where any depositions,
warrants, or other papers, or copies thereof, shall be offered
in evidence-«j on the hearing of an extradition case under
tiie second section of the act entitled "An act for giving
effbet to certain treaty stipulations between this and foreign
Governments for the apprehension and delivery up of cer-
tain offenders," approved August 12, 1848, such deposi-
tions, warrants, and other papets, or copies thereof, shall
he admitted and received for the purposes mentioned in the
said section, if they shall be properly and legally authenti-
cated so as to entitle them to be received for similar pur-
poses by the tribunals of tnc foreign country from which
the accused party shall have escaped; and the certificate
of the principal diplomatic or consular officer of the United
States resident in such foreign country shall be proof that
any paper or other document so offered is authenticated m
the manner required by this act.
Mr. BAYARD, The object of the bill, Mr.
President, is exceedingly simple; one to which 1
suppose no Senator can object. Under the ex-
tradition treaty, a case has arisen in which, owing
to the difference of the forms of law in Prussia,
the prisoner was discharged on the mere form of
the authentication of an act. The difficulty is
insuperable, without the passage of some such
provision as this. They cannot got along with
it. They do not understand our laws. This
bill merely provides, where the papers are au-
thenticated in the modes m which the officers au-
thenticate them in their own country, if they
attach to it the certificate of our principal diplo-
matic or consular officer that these are the forms
of the country in which the proceedings may be
had, that then they may be received. That is
the whole object of it. A case occurred in Ken-
tucky, in which the prisoner was discharged*, and
the Prussian minister has made an appeal to the
Secretary of State, that it was impossible to pro-
ceed under our modes of authentication. The
communication is among the papers, and, if Sen-
ators desire it, it can be read, it will be impos-
sible for foreign Governments, having different
institutions from our own, to adhere to our forms
of authentication exactly. The bill oniy pro-
vides that, where our own officer shall certify that
the mode of authentication js the same that is
adopted in the foreign country, it shall be received
in evidence. I do not think there can be any
objection to the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Delaware whether the bill is recip-
rocal, and is upon condition that the papers made
in this country, and authenticated to our laws,
shall be received in Prussia?
Mr. BAYARD. We have only to carry out
our law in accordance with the treaty. There
can be no complaint on our part that our forms
are not adopted. Our law is different. This bill
is to amend the law to carry the treaty into effect,
not the tieaty itself.
Mr. SEWARD. Let me ask one other ques-
tion. What effect is given to these papers?
Mr. BAYARD. None but this: that they are
to be according to the forms of law. If the Sen-
ator will look at the form of authentication in the
case I have here, he will see how essentially dif-
ferent their mode of authentication is from ours.
It gives no further authenticity to the act. It is
to obviate the difficulty in the mode of authenti-
cation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ARTHUR EDWARDS VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the resolu-
tion of the House fixing the day of adjournment.
The time has come when we should act on that
subject, and decide what we intend to do.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose my motion in
regard to the Arthur Edwards case takes prece-
dence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not. The Chair has ruled repeatedly, within a
few days, when a Senator yields the floor in that
way, that the Chair must recognize the Senator
addressing him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I said expressly that I would
not yield unless I should be allowed to make the
motion afterwards.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought that was the under-
standing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator was
acting under that impression, perhaps the Sena-
tor from Indiana will yield.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will ask if it is likely to lead
to debate ?
Mr. BINGHAM. It will not take more than
five minutes.
Mr. YULEE. 1 rose to say that I think it can
be disposed of in two minutes. Let us dispose
of this veto message.
Mr. BRIGHT. I withdraw my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of tlie Senator from Michigan, to
take up the veto message of the President on the
bill for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his as-
sociates.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is, Shall the bill pass, the objec-
tions of the President to the contrary notwith-
standing? The vote on that question must be
taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. 1 shall detain the Senate but a
moment. My only purpose is to vindicate the
substantial accuracy of the calculation upon which
the President has based his objection to this bill,
and which was questioned by the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] It will be seen
that the President places himself distinctly upon
the ground that these parties had claimed origin-
ally only $30,000 in full settlement of their claim,
while the effect of this bill would be to give them
over eighty thousand dollars. He says:
" Tiie enormous difference in their favor between their
own original demand and the amount gianted by the pres-
ent bdl constitutes my chief objection to it."
That is the President's objection. The Senator
from New Hampshire said that the President had
reached that conclusion only by assuming the
claimant to charge for a number of trips which
was not really tlie state of the fact, and for which
he did not contemplate to be paid. My only pur-
pose is to show that the claimant has himself fur-
nished the basis upon which the calculation has
been made. The claimant furnished to the Post
Office Department a specification of the number
of trips performed, and for which he charged the
sum of $30,000. A calculation upon the basis of
the allowance of the bill objected to by the Exec-
utive, would show an amount of §64.636 in his
favor. A calculation based upon the memorial
referred to the committee, and upon which the
report was based, would make an amount of
§70,327 40, at the price directed to be paid in the
bill. The only reason of difference between the
calculation of the Post Office Department, upon
which the President based his action, and the
calculation made by the clerk of the committee, is,
that in the one case Sundays were excluded, while
in the other they were included. The calculation
upon which the President based ins opinion is
substantially correct, as based upon the claim
presented to the Post Office Department by the
claimant,and presented afterwards by the claimant
to the committee, and upon which the committee
acted. I think thatjs all that is necessary to vin-
dicate the propriety of the action taken by the
Executive, and to render it proper, at least in my
estimation, that the Senate should concur with
the President m the view he has taken of the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. President, tlie ground
for the veto of the President of the United States
on this hiil is, that it pays Captain Edwards and
his associates too much for carrying the mail. It
is an admitted fact that he transported the United
States mail in his steamboats. It is a fact which
was established before the Court of Claims by
testimony, where the United States appeared by
its attorney; and the only reason why the court
failed to allow him, was a question as to the pro-
priety of admitting that Mr. Harris was author-
ized by the Department to employ him to carry
the mails.
The Post Office Department, made an order on
the 21st of March, 1849, instructing the postmas-
ters at the different points " to make up and for-
ward mails daily between their respective offices
in boats making the greatest expedition, and one
cent each per letter, and half a cent each for a
newspaper, to be paid at the office to which the
letters and newspapers were delivered." Now,
Mr. President, here wasan order of the Post Office
Department. I have quoted its exact language.
Captain Edwards was entitled, for transporting
the mails, to one cent a letter for every letter he
transported betwixt these points. He was paid
only for carrying the simple way bag betwixt the
points, and for the great through mail, which some-
times amounted to ten or twelve tons—one witness
testified, I think, that there were more than eighty
bags at one time—he never received a cent. He
could not count these letters. It did not belong
to him to count them. It did not belong to him
to determine how many letters there were. It
belonged to the Post Office Department, and they
neglected to do it, and neglected to pay for them.
He came to the Court of Claims with his account.
They rejected it, although Mr. Harris, tlie wit-
ness, swore that he was the agent of the Depart-
ment, and that he had employed him to transport
the mails by the orders of the Department.
Then he came to Congress. His claim was
presented to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads; and the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] has explained the mode
in which he made up the amount. It was a mat-
ter with which Captain Edwards had nothing to
do. He never asked that the committee should
| fix the amount at §28 60 a trip, or at any other
sum. tie asked to be compensated for transport-
ing the mail. They took the amount which he
transported, and comparing that with the amount
of the way mail, they made an average of it, and
called it $28 60 a trip for transporting this great
through mail. The Post Office Department, in
this very veto message, has shown that they have
paid since then, the last year, much greater sums
for transporting the mail in steamboats than this
bill would allow to Captain Edwards. For trans-
porting the mail from Buffalo to Cleveland, which
is one hundred and eighty miles, they have paid
the Buckeye State for three hundred and fourteen
thousand one hundred and seventy-two pounds,
|)3,141 72; which is a dollar a hundred, twenty
dollars a ton. They paid the Alabama—this is
in the report of the Post Office Department con-
tained in this veto message—the same amount:
for twenty-nine thousand and seven hundred
pounds, ^297. They paid the Baltic, for sixteen
hundred and twenty pounds, $162. On the 25th
of February, 1853, the Southerner, running be-
tween Toledo and Cleveland, was paid, at the
rate of ten dollars a trip, $11 22, and so on. It
is one hundred and twenty miles from Cleveland
to Detroit, where this great through mail was
carried; and this amount of $28 60 a trip would
not pay fifty cents on the hundred pounds. It
would not pay the amount which is paid for the
ordinary transportation of freight betwixt these
two points on a steamboat.
No w, Mr. President, Captain Edwards has come
here with no Gardiner claim; with no fraudulent
claim. He has been for five years before Congress
endeavoring to get his pay for transporting the great
through mail in his steamboat. It has cost him
nearly as much as it is worth, to get it. This bill
was made up by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, without any instigation of his,
on an average of $28 60 a trip, which is certainly
a very low sum; and it is now vetoed by the
President, because, he says, it is giving him a
greater amount than he claimed before the Court
of Claims. For my own part, I cannot see that
this bill would give him any more. I understand
that, by the bill, it is required that he shall go to
the Postmaster General, andprovethe numberof
through trips which he made; but he never has
charged, as I understand, and never made out
an account, for the number of through trips. He
would have to prove that; and then, that the sum of
$2tS 60 per trip is too much, I think nobody who
will read the testimony and examine it will pre-
tend.
This is all I have to say on this subject. Cap-
tain Edwards is one of the best citizens and one
of the most enterprising men of Michigan. He
has rendered great service to the country and to
the Department in transporting the mails, for
