338
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
36th Cong-. .. .1st Sess.
Property in Territories-—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
But, for fear Hon. Mr. Van Wtck, of New
York, may think he has been successful in his
picture of the treatment of servants in the South,
allow me to call the attention of the country to
his efforts to prejudice the North against slavery,
by alluding to the cruel treatment of the negro in
the South, such as burning, &c., an occurrence
rarely, if ever, happening, and then for offenses
shocking to humanity, and, if perpetrated by a
white person, burning and death would be too
good for him; and in such a case the white and
black would and ought to share a similar fate.
I say, while he speaks of this punishment, he
forgets to tell the country that while our people
may, in their excitement, do wrong, the people
of the North have, in bygone days, inflicted as
great punishment on white men and women, by
torturing, hanging, and pressing them to death
for witchcraft. What executions of Quakers and
others for their opinions, what nose-slitting and
ear-cropping and tongue-boring and whipping and
starving and fines and imprisonments and perpet-
ual banishment were inflicted for opinion's sake,
are known to every reader of the history of the
New England colonists. I might refer, among
others, to Wilberforce's History of the American
Church. The torture and the esflecution of women
denounced as,witches by a fanatical clergy, with
Rev. Cotton Mather at their head, is fully de-
scribed hy Rev. Mr. Upham, pastor of the First
Congregational Church in Salem, and of the same
sect to which the witch murderers belong. He
mentions a particular case of Giles Carey, who
was a member of the church in Danvers, and who,
when he saw that trial was a mere mockery, re-
fused to plead to the indictment. He was accord-
ingly conveyed to the press, under the agony of
which he expired; and during the moment of his
suffering, the historian records that, as his aged
frame yielded to the dreadful pressure, his tongue
was protruded from hismouth. The demon who
presided over the torture drove it back again with
the point of his cane, and he adds, " the heart of
man, once turned to cruelty, seems, like the tiger,
to gather new fury in the mere exercise of fero-
city." Even children were made victims of this
fanaticism. Two young men—brothers—named
Carrier, who would not confess, were tied neck
and heels till the blood was ready to gush out of
thgir noses, and they then confessed to escape
the torture. William Proctor was tied in the
same manner until the blood gushed out of his
nose. Rev. Mr. Noyes observed of eight, who
were hanged together, "what a sad thing it is to
see eight firebrands of hell hanging there." For full
details, the reader is referred to lectures on witch-
craft, delivered in 1831, by Rev. Charles Upham.
All this was done in public, and by the sanction
of the people. The two pictures are now drawn,
and the reader must draw his own conclusion as
to the cruelty which has been perpetrated by the
different sections of the country. It is proper to
remark that I do not believe that public sentiment
would tolerate either act of cruelty North or
South now.
But 1 regret to sec a statement of the following
occurrence in the State of New York. If not true,
I would be happy to hear it contradicted*, for I only
allude to it to show that the lawlessness of char-
acter can be perpetrated North, where they claim
to be cool and calculative, professing to observe
all the laws and right of men; and even if a simi-
lar thing does occur among our southern people,
have we done more than you ?
" An affair occurred in the town of Portland, Chautnu-
que county, New York, on the night of the 20th instant,
Which, in brutality and in violation of all tin; decencies of
society, outstrips anything which has yet, we think,been
peipctrated dining the present century in any Christian
community in the whole civilized woiJd. It appears, ac-
rouiing to the account of the affair as published in the
Westiield ("Vew York) Republican, of the \23d instaul, that
on Friday night of last week a paity of fifteen men and
live women, who, no doubt, an; the leading moralists; of the
village; where they reside, proceeded to the house of Mr.
Ehsha Whipple, in the town of Portland, broke open his
door, dra-rged one of Ins daughters, a young woman, fiom
her bed, stripped lier, and deliberately covered her person
with a coat of tar and featu<jr«.3 and in that --tate they ielt
her, fully convinced, without doubt, that they had per-
formed a godly act. As tar as the paper quoted was able
to leairi the cau--e for the perpetiation of this, atrocious out-
rage, it was, that 'Mi. Whipple some time since lost his
wife, and was ieft with a tarmly of small children, and this
young woman, who had been living avvav, came liome to
fjeljp take care of the family j and recently suspicion ha$
been excited that the house was disorderly, and this refined
method was adopted by the young people of the neighbor-
hood to reform it.' The perpetrators wen* subsequently
arrested and taken befoie a justice, where they all gave bail
for their appeal ancc before the next cumin al court of Ohau-
tauque county.35
Allow me, Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, to say
a few words more particularly relating to my past
course in reference to the political questions which
have agitated the country for so long a time. I
have thus far avoided any allusion to that; as gen-
tlemen who have honored me with their attention
will perceive that my purpose has been to ex-
hibit to you the true condition of the slave, in
order that you and your friends at the North may
become well satisfied with the manner in which
they arc cared for in the South. I have called
upon you to sec that the fugitive slave law is en-
forced, and I have shown conclusively that the
four million negroes now in slavery at the South
are in a much better condition than any same
number of the race elsewhere, either in this coun-
try or Africa.
Now, in conclusion, permit me to allude to my
personal exertions m behalf of the rights of the
South, and the equal rights of all. 1 speak for no
purpose of making capital at home, for I have
none to make, as my destiny is fixed. T desire,
if possible, to arrest the progress of the difficulties
which now surround us, and to convince the
mind of the North that we ask nothing that is
improper; and I shall trust confidently that, in
their honesty of purpose, they will give us such
rights as they know we arc entitled to demand.
[ was going to allude, as evidence of my con-
servative disposition, of iny desire for the pros-
perity of this Union upon the basis of the Consti-
tution, and of the feeling of brotherly love which
ought to pervade the whole country, to my efforts
in 1850, when the compromise measures were
under consideration. On that occasion, and eight
days before the celebrated resolution of Mr. Poote,
upon which the compromise of 1850 was predi-
cated, was introduced into the Senate, I offered a
resolution providing for the raising of a joint com-
mittee upon the part of the House and the Sen-
ate, to take into consideration all the difficulties
which existed upon the question of slavery, and
to report to their respective Houses. I will lead
the resolution;
" Whereas a crisis m the political atfaiisof tin? Republic
has arrived, when men ot ail political parties aie called to
aid in the gieat vvoik of reconciliation between the not them
and southern people: whereas the question of slaveiy nt
the Territories, the admission of California into the Union as
a State, under hei own constitution and boundaiies,thepio-
hibition of the slave trade m the District of Columbia, and
the abolition of slavery theiein, are, and have been,abouc
of contention foryeais past,and will be for yearstocoine,
unlet « settled: wheieas themmd of the whole community
is now fixed with gieat anxiety upon the picsent Congress,
looking to them to con-idcr gravely and dchbetately these
veved quotums, and, it possible, to have them settled upon
constitutional and equitable principles, between the North
and the South: and wheieas there are many men who have
introduced plans, such as they think calculated to produce
that efiect; but, owing to the" spirit that too often pievails
(if not m this case) of too manv wishing the honor of
bringing forwaidand consummating gieat and important
questions, and thereby coming in conflict with each other,
and thus effect nothing: Now, therefoie,
"Beitrcsolvedandiecomjnended, (theSenateconeutring,)
That a committee be appointed by the Senate and House
of Representatives—to consist of six members of the Sen-
ate, three irom the North and three fiom the South ; al^o,
twenty by the House, ten from the South and ten irom the
North—to meet in conleience to devise, if possible, a plan,
predicated upon constitutional and equitable punciples, lor
adjusting all difficulty growing out ot the ton-going causes;
and that such plan be t-ubmitted to the mpoctivo Ilou?es
for their consideration; theieby, if po.^ible, to peipetuate
the good leeJirig and union of the two parties l'oiever; and
that the southern and northern members of e.u-h Ilou-e,
respectively, select «uch peisons to seive on said commit-
tee in any manner they think piopei."
That is one evidence of my anxiety to produce
harmony and brotherly love throughout the whole
country. Again, in 1856,1 gave my influence and
active efforts to se1^ the difficulties in which we
were involved, a/hi1 to harmonize the conflicting
elements which bid fair to break up this happy
country; and if I have contributed one single mite
in perpetuating good feeling, and harmonizing the
difficulties which existed between us, I have done
much, and am satisfied.
I desired to allude to some other matters, but
time will not permit. I was going to allude to the
common interest of the North and South; and I was
happy to hear the gentleman from Ohio who pre-
ceded me, [Mr. Martin,] so particularly allude to
the inseparable interests that connect the North
and South. I will quote a few lines which I found
in a little song book:
" The South will raise the cotton,
The West the corn and pork;
And New England manufacturers
Do up the finer work."
Now, if we will study our true interests; if we
will study the principles which our fathers laid
down for us to be governed by, we shall havenc
trouble as a nation. We may have a little m our
own Democratic party. I regret to see thatdiffi
culty, and that the convention at Charleston was
not able to agree upon a platform upon which to
place a candidate who might, if possible, beat the
Republicans. I trust, however, that the conflict-
ing elements of the Democratic party may be
brought to harmonize at Baltimore; and that they
will nominate a man who will take the wind out
of the sail of every evil-minded man, North oi
South—one whom all Democrats can agree to sup-
port But I will say no more upon this subject;
and, thanking the committee for their attention, 1
will detain them no longer.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. R. TOOMBS,
OF GEORGIA,
in the Senate, May 21, i860.
The Senate having under consideration the resolutions
submitted by Mr. Davis on the 1st of March, 1860jielative
to the equality of the States, the lights of all the citizens
to emigrate to the Territories with skive property, and deny-
ing the power of Congress or a Territorial Legislature to
interfeie with this right— ^ J
Mr. TOOMBS said: Y
Mr. President: I did not concur in the policy
of introducing the resolutions upon your table
when they were originally presented by my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and, until within
the last ten or twelve days, I had no purpose to
participate in the debate upon them. I thought
that they announced principles so just and so
proper, of such universal acceptance, that they
needed no support from anything I might be able to
say in their favor. But, sir, within that time, these
propositions, involving the fundamental principles
of our Government, have not only been assailed
and condemned, but all those who hold them and
maintain them as they were held and maintained
by my personal and political friends at the late
Charleston convention have been charged with
violating good faith, and with having objects un-
friendly to the existence of the Government;and
my own humble opinion has been invoked to swell
the mighty torrent of authority by which it is
sought to overwhelm them. I cfeem it, therefore,
my duty to my country, myself, and to those
who agree with me in opinion, in all parts of the
Republic, to defend these principles.
The first objection which meets me is the dec-
laration from some well-meaning men, that they
are abstractions. Sir, this is a great mistake.
Far from it. There is a terrible practicality in
them. There is a vital energy in them that is
shaking your political, you social, and even your
moral systems from the center to the circumfer-
ence. They are struggling to be acknowledged,
to be recognized; and in their recognition, in my
judgment, alone is to be found the permanent
peace,-safety, and security of the State.
But, sir, if they be abstractions, they arc scarcely
less worthy of our consideration. The great ques-
tion is, are they truths? To submit to wrong
is often far less injurious to society in its conse-
quences than to surrender a principle. It is one
of the marked characteristics of the American
character, one which attracted the attention and
approbation of some of the ablest and best men of
the last century, that they measure a public dan-
ger by a principle, and not by a grievance. Mr.
Burke, in his speech on conciliation with Amer-
ica, ver}' beautifully expresses this characteristic
of the American colonies. He says:
" In other countries the people, more simple and of a less
mercurial caste, judge of an ill principle in Government by
an actual grievance; here they anticipate that evil, and
judge of the pressure of the grievance by the badness of the
