1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
apportion as near as may be, among the three
judges of said circuit court, the extra service
which it imposes on them.
The third section enacts that if, when any judge
of the circuit court is called on in rotation to hold
said criminal court during the inability of the judges i
thereof, such judge of the circuit court shall be
prevented by sickness or other legal ciuse from
holding the said criminal court, then it shall be
holden by one of the other two judges of the cir-
cuit court, whose duty it would be, under this act,
as next in rotation, to hold said criminal court.
The fourth section enacts that nothing in the act
contained shall prevent the clerk of the said crim-
inal court from adjourning the same from day to
day, for a time not exceeding one week, where the
judge of the criminal court shall be taken siclc after
the commencement and during the progress of a
term*.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have read the
sections of the law of 1839 which this bill pro-
poses to repeal.
Mr. HICKMAN. The bill repeals the' first
apd seventh sections of the law of February 20,
1839. These sections merely provide for calling
on the presiding justice of the circuit court, when
the judge of the criminal court is unable to dis-
charge his duties. There is no other provision of
that law interfered with.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the till was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADOLPIIUS GLAERECKE.
Oil motion of Mr. NOELL, by unanimous con-
sent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the case, of Adolplius Giaerecke,
for the puipose of reference to the Couit of Claims.
MESSAGE PROM 1'IIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that the President of the United States had in-
formed the Senate that he did, on the 13th instant,
approve and sign bills of the following titles;
An act (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Hiittman; and
An act (S. No. 306) to settle the titles to lands
along the boundary line between the States of
Georgia and Florida.
Also, that the Senate insist on its amendments
to the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives disagreed to by the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 192) authorizing the corpora-
tion of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for $200,000 for building a market-house,
and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon; and have appointed Sen-
ators Brown, Johnson of Arkansas, and Foot,
as such committee upon the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act(S. No.
371) for the relief of certain settlers in the State
of Iowa; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had ordered documents
to be printed, as follows:
Message of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in regard to the occu-
pation, by American citizens, of the island of
Navasa, in the West Indies.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in obedience to law, an estimate for
certain expenses of the district land offices.
Memorial of the Legislature of Minnesota, urg-
ing the construction and occupation of a military
post in the valley of the Pembina river.
Memorial and joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, in behalf of James B. Thomas
and family.
Messages of the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with resolutions
of the Senate, the correspondence relative to the
compulsory enlistment of American citizens in
the army of Prussia, and in relation to the claims
of foreign Governments to the military services
of naturalized American citizens.
Petition of the People's Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, chartered by the Legislature of Maine, for
the purpose of building a railroad and establish-
ing a telegraph from the western line of the State
of Missouri to San Francisco, praying the right
of way and a grant of land.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
submftting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, an estimate of the amount required to
hold councils with certain Indians of the plains,
and in the State of Minnesota,
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I aslc the gentle-
man to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 call for the regular order
of business. There are two or three appropria-
tion bills which are pressing, and which I am
desirous of disposing of in the next two or three
days.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the bill to supply deficiencies m the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1860; the pending question being on
the adoption of the following amendment, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union:
Sixtll amendment:
I^or repaiuilg damages to tlic custom-house of the United
States at the poit of Baltimoie, caused by fire in said build-
ing during the montU of September, 1S58, §15,000.
Mr. KUNKEL. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to ask that the letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in reference to the subject of this
amendment, may be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand this is an ap-
gropriation for the repair of the custom-house of
altimore, and is recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury. I see no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. This is an
amendment which was offered in the Committee
of the Whole, and, so far as I understand, has
had the sanction of no one of the standing com-
mittees of the House. I understand the Govern-
ment is about purchasing, or has probably already
purchased, the site for a new custom-house and
post office in Baltimore; and I cannot believe that
it is necessary to expend $15,000 m washing out
the burning of that building.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that matters of this
kind ought to be considered by some one of the
standing committees of the House. This matter
has never been before the Committee of Ways
and Means at all:
Mr. KUNKEL. I will state that this.appro-
priation was recommended to the last Congress;
and, as I am informed, was left out by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means then by inadvert-
ence.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that this
matter was not presented to the present Commit-
tee of Ways and Means at all. If it had been,
we should have been able to give the House some
information upon the subject.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state to the gentleman
from Ohio that this Matter had escaped my atten-
tion during the present session. In the last Con-
gress the matter was before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and it was left out by an omis-
sion made, through inadvertence on the part of
the committee, when the miscellaneous bill passed
the House, on the last night of the session. It
appropriately belonged to that bill, I have ex-
amined the subject, My attention was called to
it by the engineer in charge of the public build-
ings, who rccommends this amount of money as
necessary for the repairs of damages caused by
fire, which occurred in the custom-house in the
city of Baltimore. And as the Government owns
the building, I deem it proper and right to expend
this amount of money, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the purpose of putting the build-
ing in a proper state of preservation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I fully concur with the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] in reference to this matter. While it
may be all right that this amendment should be
supported and passed by the House, still I think
it is only due to the House that it should be ex-
amined by one of the committees of the House.
And I will say that that was the objection I had
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from-
Minnesota [Mr. Aldricii] yesterday. . I think
that all such appropriations should be examined
by some committee of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is proper that I should
state to the gentleman from Georgia that the gen-
tleman from Minnesota stated that the amendment
offered by him had been unanimously approved
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, and it was
upon that statement that I voted for the amend-
ment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. As a matter of course I
could not know what the Committee on Indian
Affairs had done. I had no knowledge of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Min-
nesota so stated when he oftered the amendment
in committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I did not hear what the
gentleman said at the time. I knew nothing
about his amendment. I thought it was proper
that it should be passed upon by some of the
committees of the House. For one, I will vote
for no appropriation as an amendment to a gen-
eral appropriation bill, which is brought in here
upon the individual responsibility simply of a
member, without coming through the channel of
the Committee of Ways and Means or some
other standing committee of the House. It was
for that reason that I objected to that amendment;
anditis«fortliat reason that I object to this amend-
ment, and shall vote against it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I will say to the gentleman
from Georgia, that the amendment to which he
refers was unanimously reported by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I had no knowledge of that
fact whatever.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
my habit is rather to ask for appropriations for
tho city of Baltimore, than to suggest anything
against them; and 1-only desire to say, in connec-
tion with this amendment, that my attention was
otherwise engaged yesterday when the colloquy
occurred between the gentleman from the western
district of Maryland [Mr. Kcnkel] and my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] on this subject.
I know nothing about the necessity for this appro-"
priation. I understand that it is to repair damages
occasioned by a fire that occurred in 1858. I as-
sume that if those damages resulted in any very
serious inconvenience to the transaction of the
custom-house business in the city of Baltimore,
one or other of the representatives of the city upon
this floor would have been made cognizant of the
existence of that inconvenience.
Neither my colleague [Mr. Davis] nor myself
have heard from any quarter one word about the
necessity for this appropriation for repairs. And
I wish, sir, to say just here one further word: I
do not feel much interest in appropriation for re-
pairs of old buildings used in the city of Balti-
more for the transaction ofGovernment business.
Hereafter a new building will be demanded by
the exigencies of commercial business there for
the custom-house of that city. I prefer that when
that time comes—which I think will soon arrive—
tho Representatives of the city should ask and re-
ceive enough for a proper establishment, and that
we should rather have money for that purpose
than for temporary repairs. At all events, if the
repairs are really required, there will be time
enough in another mode to reach an appropria-
tion in order to make them. We do not care to
have it made now, with the knowledge of the
facts we have. If it turns out that it is really im-
portant, the appropriation will be asked hereafter,
and no doubt accorded by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that the ob-
jections urged by the gentleman from Ohio and
the gentleman from Georgia are valid in the pres-
ent instance. If a claim shall be brought up
before the House or the Committee of the \Vhoie
on the state of the Union without any responsible
indorsement, then, it is true, that it ought to be
referred to a committee for investigation. In all
such claims there ought to be a reference for ex-
amination and report. Here, however, is a case
presented where the head of the proper Depart-
ment, under which this building is held in charge,
and which has the control of this branch of the
public service, recommends and indorses this ap-
