1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
761
stance of the charge s-^-which I understand the
Senator to bring; against the States whom he ar-
raigns, and their representatives. Though I do
not read the extracts which I present exactly m
the connection in which he placed them, I hope
I shall not be accused of any want of candor by
the manner in which I present them. He says:
"Hostility to tflc compact of Union, to tlie tie which
binds us together, animates the bosoms, and finds utterance
in the tongues of millions of our countrymen, and leads to
the habitual disregard of its plainest duties and obligations.
Large bodies of men now feci and know that party success
involves public danger; that the result may bring us face
to face with revolution. Senators, we all feel it in this
Chamber; we hear it proclaimed here every day; we hear
it proclaimed daily in the other branch of Congress; we
hear it from State Legislatures, from the pulpit and the
press, and from popular assemblies throughout the length
and breadth of this broad land."
He goes further, and says:
" We are virtually in civil war, and these are the causes
of it. It is known and felt on this floor. I fee! and know
that a large body of these Senators are enemies to my
country. I know they and their associates have used the
power wluch has been placed in their hands, by many of
the States, to assail and destroy the institutions of these
confederate States. I know that under the color of the
liberty of speech, even in these Halls, day by day, and year
after yeai^they have thundered their denunciations against
slaver}' aud slaveholders, against confederates and their
institutions, and thus seek to apply the torch to our home-
steads, and to desolate our land with servile and interne-
cine war."
Again, he says:
''These public enemies are Abolitionists who have
formed a coalition with all the waifs and strays—deserters
of all former political parties—and the better to conceal
their real purposes, have assumed the name of the Repub-
lican party. This coalition has but one living, animating
principle or bond of union, and that is hatred of the people
and institutions ot the slavehoiding States of this Union.
This coalition has evinced, by its acts, its declaration*, a
fixed and determined purpose, in vpiteof the Constitution,
in spite of solemn engagement^ to obey and maintain it,
and in spite of all the obiigitions which rest on every
member of every civilized State, to limit, to restrain, and
finally to subvert, the institutions of fifteen States of the
Union."
The Senator seemed to be aware that this was
pretty high ground, and he admitted it. He said:
" Sir, I know these are strong charges; I have notmade
them lightly. I speak in sorrow"—
He is to be pitied for his sorrow, certainly.
—"I speak in sorrow, not in anger; I make thein with
pain, not pleasure. I feel it a duty I owe to my country,
to my whole country, to speak the truth plainly, that the
people may know and perchance aveit the public calamity.
I feel deeply the obligation which rests upon me to sustain
them by clear and irrefragable proofs bet ore the Senate,
the country, and the civilized world; to that duty I now
proceed."
Then the charges are made more specific:
chaige, first, that thi* organization has annulled and
made of none effect a fundamental piinciple ot the Consti-
tution of the United State*, in many of the States of this
Union, and has endeavored, and is endeavoring, to accom-
plish the same result m all the non-slaveholdmg States.
" Second^'. I charge it with openly attempting to deprive
the people of the slaveholdmg' States of their equal enjoy-
ment of, and equal lights in, the common Territories of the
United States, as expounded by the; Supreme Couit, and of
seeking to get the couttol of the Federal Government, with
the intent to enable it to accomplish this result by the over-
throw of the Federal judiciary.
ki Thndlv. 1 chaige that large numbers of persons belong-
ing to this organization are daily committing offenses against
the people and propeity of these confedei ate State*, winch,
by the law of nations are good and sufficient causes of
vvai even among independent States s and Governors and
Legislatures of States, elected by them, have repeatedly
committed similar acts."
This last charge is rather indefinite. It is not
so specific as the other two; possibly, it was not
intended to be so. It is like the close of a special
demurrer. After you have set out specifically all
your objections to the declaration, it is usual to
add, m the conclusion, "and for that, the said
decaration is, in other respects, illegal, informal,
insufficient/' <fce.; and that seems to be the char-
acter of this third charge of the Senator. §o much
for the general. Now, sir, before that tribunal to
which the Senator from Georgia has appealed,
and the jurisdiction of which I acknowledge, I
contend that a full and perfectandsufficientanswer
to every charge he has made, and to all the causes
which he thinks should lead us into the civil war
which lie says exists, is to be found in the speech
of the honorable Senator himself; and I will read
it. He is describing the section of country in
which he resides—the slaveholding States—and
says of them:
" We occupy eight hundred and fifty thousand square
miles of territoiy, stretching fiom Mason and Dixon's line
to the Meuean liontier—the fairest, the most fertile, and
the lovelie.-t land that God ever gave to man ; with noble
rivers, beaiingon their bosoms to the ooean the rarest and
richest products of the earth ; with capacious and commo-
dious harbors, inviting the commerce of the woikl to take
them to distant lands ; with noble mountains, containing
the richest and most useful ores and minerals of the earth;
with valleys and plains fertile and sahibiious, inviting and
rewarding the hand of industry; with forests unequaled
in the beauty and value of their products ; with more than
twelve million inhabitants, prosperous and attached and
loyal to their social system; a loyalty so devoted, that neither
the treason norseditious teachings to which I have referred,
nor brute force, have been able since the Revolution to se-
duce one hundred men, of any class or condition of her so-
ciety, from their allegiance to their homes* and social sys-
tem. Our people, after maintaining themselves in all the
necessaries of life at home, already export over two hundred
million dollars' worth of theirproduce to all the great marts
of the world. This country, capable of supporting a popu-
lation larger than all Europe, is stronger m arms for her
defense than all the five great Powers of Europe put to-
gether."
That is the physical condition of that country.
Well, sir, how is it in relation to the action of the
General Government? The Senator says:
" We do not charge these wrongs against the Federal
Government. There has been no time, since its establish-
ment, when it has been truer to its obligations, moie faith-
ful to the Constitution, than within the last seven veins.
Its cxecutivc and judicial departments have fiimly main-
tained the fundamental law in relation to these great ques-
tions; and the legislative depaitment has approximated the
same standard nearer than at any other period ol our his-
tory within the last forty years."
Then, sir, according to the Senator, here is the
finest country on earth, and the best Government
on earth, so far as the General Government is
concerned. Now, how is it in relation to the
State governments? In relation to one of the great
matters of complaint—the fugitive slave law—the
Senator says:
" The constitutionality of this law has been maintained,
as far as I know oi believe, by every Federal court in this
Union, and every State court aloo, except that of Wiscon-
sin."
I will leave that, sir. Here, according to the
Senator, is a country prosperous—prosperous be-
yond any country that ever lived on the face of the
earth; a General Government more faithful to its
obligations than it has ever been for forty years
before; and m all the State courts, the judiciary,
through which the laws arc brought into practical
application to the business transactions of social
life—the judiciary of every one of these States
affirming and confirming the constitutionality of
that law of the non-execution of which he com-
plains. Now, sir, what would he aslc more? But
he has made further complaint. I do not stand here
to represent the free States of this Union: I do not
claim to do so. They have their representatives.
I claim only to represent one State, in part, and
that is New Hampshire; but New Hampshire
did not escape from censure. The Senator will
excuse me, liowever, for saying that I think he
determined on declaring this state of civil war be-
fore he exactly know the grounds on which his
declaration of war was to be based; for I find in
his speech, as I heard it delivered, and as it is
"reported in the Globe, that, in speaking of my
State, he said:
II New Hampshire frees every fugitive f om labor who
may escape into her borders. The Constitution says she
shall not. Iter public men swear they will suppoit the
Constitution."
That was the way it was first pronounced—
that New Hampshire freed every fugitive that
escaped into her borders; but the charge is put m
a little more modified form in the amended speech,
which is published in pamphlet; and there it reads
thus:
New Ilampshne frees every fu-ritne fiom labor who
iriav escape into her border--, unl«-s- the act of reclamation
be done by some officer of the United States, oi other per-
son, m the execution of legal process."
That is a very different affair from the charge
in the way it first stood. I have taken pains to
send to the library to get the volume of pamphlet
laws of the State, in which the statute referred to
is—the only statute New Hampshire has passed
on the subject, It is a very short one, and I will
read it, and then I will appeal not only to public
opinion and to the civilized world, but I will ap-
peal to the Senator himself, and to every member
of the body, to see if the text sustains the charge.
It is ''An act to secure freedom and the rights of
citizenship to persons in this State," and is com-
prised of only four sections. The only section
which undertakes to free any negro at all, is the
second one, and it js this:
" Any slave who shall come, or be brought into, or be m
this State, with the consent of his master or inis-tress, or
who shall come, or be brought into, or be in this State, in-
voluntarily, shall be free."
That is the whole of it. There is no attempt to
free any fugitive, and if the Senator had read the
statute carefully, he would have seen that there
was a very careful exception in behalf of persons
who were undertaking to reclaim fugitives under
the fugitive slave law—more so, in fact, than I
might have supposed our people would have done.
I will read the third section:
*■ Sec. 3. Every person who shall hold or attempt to hold,
in this State, in slavery', or as a slave, any person, of what-
ever color, class, or condition, in any form or under any
pretense, or for any length of time, shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall be confined
to hard labor for a term of not less than one, nor more than
five years:-Provided, That the provisions of this section
shall not apply to any act lawfully don? by any officer of the
United States, or other person, in the cxccution of any legal
process."
I leave that there; but let me say a single word
in relation to the legislation of which so much com-
Elaint is made. Wc have in our States a small
odyof colored men. In my own State, so far
as I know, there is no distinction in regard to per-
sonal or politieal rights growing out of a man's
complexion, and there never was; and the only
place in which there was any condition, was
where the qualifications of those who were liable,
to be enrolled in the militia were taken from the
statute of the United States, and we enrolled none
but white persons in the militia. Aside from that,
they have the same rights with any of us. They '
testify in courts; they vote at the ballot-box; and
they have, so far as I know, just exactly the same
political rights that I have, and I hope they will
always have them; and I do not know that we
are guilty of any disloyalty to anybody in doing
it. Wc have but few of them—very few. There
was an event in the history of my State, not many
[ years ago, \\;hieh turned attention to the unpro-
| tected condition of this unfortunate class, even
i before the decision of the Supreme Court of the
' United States in the Dred Scott case. In the year
| 1837, a case of kidnapping, for the first time, came
; before the courts of the State of New Hampshire,
! and the statement of that case I will read:
" Upon the trial, it appeared that on the 24th of Febru-
j ary, 1835, the ovei seers of the poor of the town of Exeter
] placed said Swett, who was a mulatto boy, about six years
i of age, and one of the paupers of said town, with the de-
I fendant, who lesided in Sanbornton, as an apprentice; and
1 the defendant at that time executed a written memorandum
! by which ho agreed that he would take said Swett, to have
| and to hold him by an indenture to be made by the over-
seers, in case he should use the boy well; and that he would
clear the town from all expense that might accrue, by not
returning the boy to the pom-house within one year.
"It did not appear that any indenture had ever been
executed.
u On the £ 1th of October, 1836, the defendant carried the
boy! torn his house, in Sanbornton, to the house of one Jon-
athan liennett, in Northwood, a distance of forty miles, and
left him there. lie at that time told the wife of said Jon-
athan that the boy was given to him by the overseers of the
poor of Exeter; that he had sold him to one Samuel Ben-
nett, of Alabama, a brother of said Jonathan, until he should
be twenty-one years old, for the sum of fifty dollars, and
requested" her to pay him that sum for said Samuel; and
he further said, that said Samuel had paid him five dollars
for bringing him from his house to Northwood, and re-
quested her to say nothing about the sale."—The State vs.
Rollins, Ncxv Hampshire Reports, volume 8, page 551.
I remember very well the circumstances of that
case. It occasioned a very great feeling at the
time. A trial was had, and tile facts which I
have now read from the report of the case were
found to be true; and so careless, if I may so say,
had the State of New Hampshire been in regard
to this subject, that it was found, as late as 1837,
that she had no statute even against kidnapping.
Th# facts were found to be true, and the perpe-
trator of this wrong was left to such judgment as
the court might inflict upon him under the provis-
ions of the common law. At that time, although
t it produced a good deal of excitement in my State,
jj it produced no sort of excitement against any body
j! except the man who had done it; and I believe
!| to-day that we should have had just exactly as
|j much right and as much reason to charge that
|l kidnapping of that boy in Now Hampshire, in
j| 1837, upon the slave States of this Union, as the
|j slave States have to charge the raid of John Brown
into Virginia upon the free States. I do not sup-
] [ pose that there was a man in the State of Virginia
who knew of it. Neither do I suppose that a
man in the State of New Hampshire knew about
John Brown. And, sir, further than that, if we
were to adopt the reasoning you have adopted on
this occasion, and say that, if you did not know
it, it was the direct and legitimate consequence of
the doctrincs you preach, I might use the same
