340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—-Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
executed; nor does it thereby lessen, diminish,
or impugn that sovereignty- States are sovereign,
which obey no law except the laws of nations and
the laws made by themselves. To obey the latter,
to stand by and maintain their compacts, is the
highest glory of sovereignty. This sovereign—
the law—armed with the Constitution, has gone
into Massachusetts, and, amid the clamors of
law-breakers, arid against the wild passions of the
hour, seized and carried away into bondage a
fugitive from labor*- It can go there again, or in
any other State, on a like mission. *
But we are told it cannot go into the Territories.
It may enter State sovereignties; but within the
sacred precincts of'' squatter sovereignty,'' within
this "holy of holies, it dare not enter. Butfacts
are stubborn things. Your statute-books tell me,
our sacrilegious fathers, (if this be sacrilege,)
from the beginning of the Government, spurned
this sacred pretension, and their sons have faith-
fully followed in their footsteps to this day. It
cannot be disputed that we have not only done
this thing—entered the Territories for the protec-
tion of persons and property—but it is also true
that we bound ourselves by solemn compacts with
France in the purchase of Louisiana, with Spain
in the purchase of Florida, and with Mexico by
the treaty of Hidalgo-Guadalupe, to do tins very
thing, and to continue the protection of the lib-
erties, property, and religion of the people in the
countiies acquired from them respectively, until
they should be admitted into the Union. I will
hereafter show in what manner we have kept our
faith and performed our compacts. But now,
after the lapse of seventy years, our power to pro-
tect the rights of the people is denved and opposed.
It is averred that it cannot be done—
1. Because the people inhabiting any Territory,
after Congress has granted them a territorial gov-
ernment, arc sovereign, and by virtue of that sov-
ereignty, either under the Constitution,or in some
other wevy, have the right to legislate for them-
selves in all matters concerning their domestic
institutions.
2. Because we are estopped from continuing to
exercise this right by the acts of 1850, providing
governments for the Territories acquired from
Mexico by conquest, and the act of 185-1, granting
a temporarygovernmcntto Kansas andNebraska,
and by certain party platforms, and the engage-
ments and undertakings of a large number of emi-
nent poisons now or heretofore engaged m the
public scrvice.
1 have stated these objections to the best of my
understanding of them. The latter objection is a
little indefinite and shadowy ; but the fault, I think,
will be found in the objection itself, and not in
my manner of stating it. I will take up these
objections in their order.
1. What is sovereignty? 1 will not go into any
abstruseinvestigationof tins much-disputed point.
A very plain and undisputed definition of it will
covei this case. Vattel says,asovcrcign and in-
dependent State is one u that governs itself by its
own authority and laws;" '"one that acknowl-
edges no other law than that of nations, "except its
own laws. (Vattel, book 1, chap. 1, p. 2.) I have
found none of the publicists who controvert these
plain definitions. Do the Territories of the United
States occupy this relation to the other nations of
the world ? This can only be tested by an ex-
amination, first, of their origin, and then of their
forms. Territorial governments have hitherto
been established upon the public domain belong-
ing to the United States. These lands were either
acquired by cessions from the States, or by trea-
ties with ioreign Governments, or by conquest,
ratified by treaty. In all these cases jurisdiction
and soil were ceded to the Government of the
United States under conditions stated in the con-
tracts. None of these contracts acknowledged any
sovereignty in the communities thus transferred.
It placed them, in every case, under the power
and protection of the United States, to be gov-
erned-by the compact of cession, the laws of na-
tions, and conformable to our own Constitution.
Being thus subjected to our Government, I know
of but two modes by which such a people can be-
come sovereign: by force, or by consent of the
, proper authority of this Government, according
to its Constitution. The first (force) is not pre-
tended. I proceed to examine into our legisla-
tion in respect to them, to see if they have ever
obtained it by consent.
Under the old Confederation, our fathers bound
themselves to take upon their shoulders the bur-
den of governing all the people who were then*
settled in, or would thereafter settle in, the terri-
tory northwest of the Ohio river, until the time
arrived to endow them with the rights of self-
government, when they should be admitted into
"the Union. This plan of government gave these
people not the least uncontrolled participation in
their own government of any sort. It made a
subject, and not a sovereign people. It neither
allowed them to choose their executive or judicial
officers, nor, in the first instance, any portion of
their legislators. And they were never permitted
to exercise a single function of government ex-
cept in obedience to organic laws, in the enact-
ment of which they had no part. The First Con-
gress established the same plan of government
over the Territories lying south of the Ohio river,
exceptitsanti-slavcry clause, andaltered, changed,
and modified it at pleasure.
The first acquisition which we made to this
Republic from a foreign Power was in 1803, by
the treaty of Paris. We undertook by treaty to
protect the inhabitants of that country from the
Balize to the forty-ninth degree of north latitude,
and from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean.
We agreed and pledged our faith to France, who
sold the country and transferred the people to us,
that we would protect them in their liberty, in
their lives, in their property, and in the religion
which they professed, until we thought proper to
admit them into the Union upon an equal footing
with the other States. Thus Jefferson affirmed, by
treaty, the policy which Washington and Adams
had practiced under the Constitution, to govern
and protect the people of Territories in such man-
ner as in our judgment would best promote their
interest, subject only to the principles of our own
Constitution; and even they, it seems to me, were
oftentimes stretched for this beneficent purpose of
protection. Thus far, then, we have the princi-
ple of protection affirmed and practiced upon by
Washington and Adams, under the powers of the
Constitution, and affirmed byvMr. Jefferson in a
solemn treaty with a great foreign Power, our
friend and ally in the Revolution. To her we
pledged the fiuth and power of the Republic to do
this thing—to protect their people against all the
sovereigns of the earth, popular sovereigns in-
cluded. This protection was to continue and
follow them until the Territory they occupied was
admitted as a State of the Union, upon an equal
footing with the rest of the States. We bargained
that nothing but State sovereignty could relieve
us from these solemn pledges of protection, when
they must stand where the rest of the States stand
in relation to protection. Congress immediately
entered upon the discharge of this obligation, by
the passage of the act of 31st October, 1803:
"Skc.2. JJndbcit further cnactcd, That until the expira-
tion ot the present session of Congress, unle-s provision for
the temporary government of the &aid Territories be sooner
made by Congress, all the military, civil, and judicial pow-
ers, oxoiceied by the otlicors of the existing government of
the same, shall be vested in such person and persons, and
shall be exercised m such mannei, as the President of the
United States shall iln'cct, for maintaining and protecting
the inhabitants of Louisiana In the free enjoyment ot then-
liberty, property, and religion."—United Slates Statutes at
Large, \ol. 2, p. 215.
This act did notminco matters. Itcertairily paid
no respect to the sovereignty of the people of this
vast domain. The powers of a Spanish Governor
General are not usually based on any great respect
for popular sovereignty; but, if the means are sub-
ject to criticism, the end was good: these great
powers were given to protect property and reli-
gion. A large part of the property we bound our-
selves to protect was property in negro slaves. A
glorious sovereignty,indeed ! It wassuch popular
sovereignty as the Ctueen of the Antilles, ever-
faithful Cuba, enjoys to day. They made no laws;
they had nothing to do with the selection of their
rulers, executive, legislative, orjudicial; they were
governed by such person or peisonsas the Presi-
dent of the United States should designate, and
just such laws as their rulers might choose to
enact.
This was an extraordinary emergency, I admit.
Sir, in a year afterwards, the Congress of the
United States passed another law, by which they
put the entire government of that country in the
hands of a Governor and thirteen councilors, not
selected by the people, but selected by the Presi-
dent; and in their hands were placed executive,
legislative, and judicial power. Here was an or-
ganized government, and here was " popular sov-
ereignty." These sovereigns hud no more control
over their own government than the slaves upon
any plantation in Louisiana. Congress under-
took the duty of protection. In their judgment,
this was the most appropriate way. In their
judgment, the people were then incapable of any
degree of self-government, and they gave them
none. After that government had gone on a few
years, perhaps as early as 1805, it was modified
by Congress, and, from time to time, Congress
continued to alter and change it at pleasure, en-
larging the powers of the people over it, until that
portion of it now known as Louisiana was admit-
ted into the Union in 1812; but up to that time,
they were governed first by the powers of the
Governor General, then by a Governor and Coun-
cil, then by a Governor and Council and elective
Legislature. In other words, they were governed
precisely as Congress chose to govern them. No
man doubted then, and no man doubted for fifty
years of this Government, that Congress had
exclusive jurisdiction over all the Territories of
this country. There was a question as to whether
or not it was unlimited. It was settled that it was
controlled by the Constitution, but that it was
exclusive—never had been opposed, to my knowl-
edge, for the first fifty years of the Government.
Governors, councilmen, judges,were all appointed
by Congress, removable at the pleasure of the
Government; and when representative govern-
ment was extended to them, their action was also
subject to the power of Congress.
There is another remarkable fact showing the
tender regaid of the government of Mr. Jefferson
for this doctrine of popular sovereignty in Terri-
tories. In 1804 Louisiana was divided into two
Territories—the Territory of Orleans, and the
Territory of Louisiana. There were but few set-
tlers'in that country between the thirty-third par-
allel, the northern line of Orleans Territory, and
our northern boundary. There were settlements
at St. Louis, Dubuque, Arkansas post, and other
isolated points, mainly on the Mississippi. Con-
gress did not reverence tins dogma; they thought
these people not fit for self-government, and there-
fore proceeded to provide one for them. They had
confidence in the Governor and judges of Indiana,
and therefore they turned over tho government of
the whole of this vast empire to be governed by
the Governor and judges of Indiana. They were
their first rulers and lawgivers; and I suppose
they must have executed the trust very well, as
Missouri, a part of the Territory, still retains
some of their laws as a part of her judicial pol-
ity. Tljgse sovereigns were not governed by
themselves, nor by laws made by themselves, nor
by persons appointed by themselves; but were
governed by the officers of another Territory, who
did not even reside among them, but made, sent
over, and put in force laws for their government.
This is popular sovereignty !
But the act of 1804 admitted and protected sla-
very; the foreign slave trade was forbidden, the
domestic slave trade was forbidden. This legis-
lation, especially the last provision, was of doubt-
ful authority, but was in harmony with the gen-
eral legislation of the slaveholding States. But the
same act affirmed the right of every citizen of the
United States to carry his own slaves there, and
settle with them, and to receive the protection of
the Federal Government. That was Jefferson's
policy; that was Jefferson'slaw. The Republican
party say that these are their fathers; they want
to bring back the Government to the good old
days of Jefferson and Madison. I show the road,
and invite them to follow it. The act reads as
follows:
No slave or slaves shall, directly or indirectly, be intro-
duced into said Territory, except by a citizen oi the Uni-
ted States removing into said Teintoiy for actual settle-
ment, and being, at the time of such removal, bona fide
ovvnei of such slave or slaves; and every slave imported
or brought into «aid Territory contrary to the piovisions of
this act s>hall thcieupon be entitled to, and leeeive, his or
her freedom.'''—United States Statutes at Large, vol. 2, p.
78G.
Tins law is still in force in said territory where
ever it has not been abrogated by the authority
