2 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. CrWIN. I will ask the Senator if he does
liot know that the gentleman whom we call the
leader of the House—I mean the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means—has indicated,
by a motion that he made, that he desired to re-
call this very resolution, as they were not ready
to adjourn then ?
Mr. HALE. I will go on further to say, that,
go far as I have had any advice' by consultation
with my friends in the House, the House are
ready to adjourn; and there ia-no disposition to
retract the position which they have assumed by
the resolution they have sent to ns. Let me say
further; it is time that the Senate, as a matter of
courtesy to the House, should settle this ques-
tion; because^ by the rules of tbe House, it is only
in order to move .a suspension of the rules on
Monday, except during the last ten days of the
session; and during the last temdays of the ses-
sion it is in order to move a suspension of the rules
every day. I do not say this from any knowl-
edge; but it is a matter of public history on their
rules, and I thinlc it is due to the House that we
should take up the resolution and act upon it and
pass it.
Now, sir, one single word in reference to a sug-
festion which 1 have heard made very frequently,
t has been made to me with a great deal of em-
phasis. The honorable Senator from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Cameron] says he hopes no member
on this side will vote for an adjournment until we
have had a vote on the tariff. Let me say to my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania, that wc are
but twenty-five on this side of the Senate, and
there are forty on the other side. Throwing out
the infected and all the disaffected, there is a clean
majority on that side. Well, sir, if we have not
been able in six months, from the 1st of Decem-
ber to the 1st of June, to fetch these gentlemen
to the rack and make them show their hands on
these great questions, I ask what great potency
there is in a few days at the fag-end of the ses-
sion that is going to enable us to make these gen-
tlemen show their hands, if, in the six months
past, we have not been able to do it?
1 am for adjourning, sir, on the 18th, the time
indicated; and let me say this, and then I will sit
down and hold my tongue. The first session that
I had a seat in eithe.r House of Congress was in
the session which commenced in 1843, subsequent
to the famous Congress that is still known, an a vul-
garly known, as the " hard-cider" Congress; and
1 see some gentlemen here that were m the House
with me. We, the Democrats of that day, determ-
ined to put ourselves in a striking contrast to the
House that preceded us, and the first thing was to
make an early day of adjournment. Some gentle-
men said,lctusadjournonthe4th ofMarch;others,
in April; others, m May; others, in June. We
finally adopted the 17th of June. One of the most
experienced men that there was in the House—
Hon. Cave Johnson, of Tennessee—got up and
stood like Saul among the prophets, a head and
shoulders above them all, and delivered himself
of this very remarkable speech, which I have
found in my congressional experience—now not
a very brief one—to be literally true. Cave John-
son, "(and I use his name because it is a histor-
ical name, and better known than if I said the
honorable Mr. Johnson,) with alt his experience,
thus said to the Speaker: " Mr.Speaker, it makes
not the slightest odds on earth what day you fix
for an Adjournment; you may fix any day you
please—March, April, May, June, July, August,
or September; when you have fixed the day the
business of the session will be done in the last
two weeks." I thought it was a libel on Con-
gress; it shocked me; but I found it was literally
true; and my experience and observation ever
since have shown me that it has been true.
When the day is fixed, Congress will work up
to it, and the longer you pat it off the more
business will increase. You may stay here until
next December, and you will have more great
questions on hand; and those gentlemen thatthmk
of making the Democracy walk up to the rack,
will find that they have got more questions to do
it on m six months from now than they have had
before. Having said this, I yield the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not intend to reply to the
Senatoi from New Hampshire 
M r. WADE, I desire to move to lay this res-
olution on the table, and thus stop debate.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply wish to remark that
the Senator from New Hampshire has taken an
entirely mistaken view of this subject.- He is
certainly'aware that, so far as relates to the bill
revising the revenue laws, or rather the tariff law,
is concerned, it came to this body only a few days
since. He is mistaken in his allegation that for
six months we have had an opportunity of en-
deavoring to get a fair considerationof that ques-
tion. I remarked, when on the floor before, that
it had not yet been reported from the Committee
on Finance; and I do not intend by that remark
to cast the slightest censureupon that committee.
On the other hand, I must say frankly, they have
not had the time necessary to consider a measure
so difficult and so important as that. I understand
they will act one way or the other very soon, and,
as 1 before remarked, when they shall have acted,
I will be prepared and as anxious to adjourn as
any member of this body.
But I rose for the purpose of offering an amend-
ment to the resolution. I move to strike out the
18th day of June, and insert the 1st day of July
next. 1 do that for the purpose of ascertaining
what the feeling of the Senate is on this ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I have always found that the
time most unprofitably spent was that spent in
debating the time for an adjournment. It seems
to me to be always wasted. Members have their
minds made up with their view of publife respons-
ibility, and of the exigencies of the country; and
in order to save time and reach the question with-
out further debate, offering no argument myself
one way or the other, I move to lay this resolu-
tion upon the table, and ask the yeas and nays
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the resolution and amendment do He upon the
table; and upon this question the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Collamcr, Doohttje, Durkee, Fesbendon, Foot,
Gie'Mi, Gwm, Haiuim, King, Latham, Folk, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ton Eyek, Wade, Wilkinson, and. Wil-
son—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bingham, 13rage,
Bright, Chcsnut, Clark, Ohngman, Ciittcnden, JDavt*,
Dixon, Fitch, Fitzpatnck,Fostei,Gnmos, Hale, Hemphill,
Hunter, I ver on, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Lane, M.illory, Mabon, Nielm!>on, Poaice,
Powell, Ri<*<?, Sebastian, .Sluleil, Thompson, Toombs,
Trumbull, Wigfull, and Yulee—38.
So the Senate refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Air. ijlGLER. At the suggestion of friends
about me here, I will modify my amendment, so
as to make it the 27th of June, instead of the 1st
of July.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am opposed to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, for the reason that I think it is not worth
while to give up the idea of adjourning on the
18th; and yet I think itis unwise in us to attempt
to fix a day until we know exactly what the state
of business will bo. Wc cannot conceal from
ourselves the fact, on this side of House, that we
have not yet acted upon the question with refer-
ence to the admission of Kansas; and we cannot
undertake to say yel what appearance that ques-
tion means to present to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maine will pause a moment. The Senate is in
prodigious confusion. The Chair must arrest
public business until he can request Senators to
preserve order. Senators have compelled the
Chair to arrest the Senator on the floor, and to
arrest public business, by the general prevalence
of confusion all over the Chamber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was observing that we
did not know yet what appearance this question
of Kansas was to take. We do not know what
appearance this question of the tariff will take.
1 do not agree with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that that question has been before us for
months. I suppose the Senator is aware that this
Senate cannot originate a revenue bill. We can
only take it when it comes before us from the
other branch; and the Democratic party is not
responsible any more than we arc for the delay
in the other branch. We take the matter when
it comes here; and gentlemen must certainly be
aware, if they have ever looked at such a bill at
all, that it is not to be examined and prepared in
a day. It is a matter that requires very great de-
liberation; and if we are to act upon it at this
session, and act upon it on the -report of the com-
mittee, the committee is entitled to a reasonable
time in which to examine a measure which has
cost the other House months of consideration;
and the reproach of delay, with reference to the
tariff bill, does not lie at the door of the Senate or
of the Committee on Finance, and I feel bound
to say so. If we take the responsibility now of
fixing an early day of adjournment, before it is
disposed of in any way, the responsibility be-
longs to those who vote for it.
Now, sir,it maybe that we should get through
quicker by fixing at the present time on the 18th
as the day of adjournment; but, after all, if wo
getthroughmore quickly, the question is, whether
we shall get through as well. I agree with some
Senators on the other side of the Chamber with
reference to the importance of doing up certainly
that portion of thepublic.business which is press-
ing, and which demands our immediate attention.
I am as anxious to adjourn on the 38th, or any
early day, as any man here can be. I am anx-
ious on my own account, for I stay here with
great physical pain every day, and doubtful
whether I shall be able to continue through this
session; and therefore I am exceedingly anxious
to have the session end; but, sir, I am not so anx-
ious with regard to it, in consulting my own per-
sonal convenience, or my own health, as to in-
duce me to force on a time of adjournment, when
I cannot see that the important public business
will be disposed of by that time. Sir, wc have
been at work every day constantly, for many
hours in each day, upon business of importance
which we must dispose of—the appropriation bills.
It is of no sort of use for us to fix a day for ad-
journment when, by that day, wc shall not be
ready; when we shall not have passed the neces-
sary hills, and be called baek again in the hot
weather. We may as well meet the question;
and I say to gentlemen now that if they can be
patient until we have a chance to ascertain what
business remains absolutely necessary to be done,
and find out definitely how it is to be'disposcd of,
I do not yet abandon the hope that we may ad-
journ even on the 18th of this month; and while
I have that hope, I shall not vote to extend the
time,and place the matter out of our power. This
is all I have to say. Every gentleman will act
upon his own responsibility, and I on mine.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry that my
colleague has thought proper to take the course
he has on this occasion, It must be evident to
him, as it is to me, that if the day is fixed so early
as that, we shall not get up this great question of
ours. I have satisfied myself long ago that, if
the question comes up, it is to be defeated; and
if that is to be the case, we may just as well ad-
journ on the 18th as the 27th. If gentlemen on
the other rude, who have the majority, will decide
this question as they do others which at all affect
their party arrangements, they can decide it as
well to-morrow or to-day as on any other day
during the next two or three weeks. We are told,
in my State, that we are to get a tariff from the
Democratic party this year; and my colleague, I
believe, is honest m thinking that will take place.
For that reason, 1 desire the gentlemen on this
side of the House to vote upon that question,
which, to my mind, is a test question. As soon
as Congress shall have adjourned, wc shall be
told before the people of Pennsylvania that if we
had been disposed to take such a tariff as gentle-
men of the Democratic party were willing to give
—and that they wore much better fitted to give
us a tariff than we were to judge for ourselves—
we should have had one.
Now, I want to see this question decided. I
know that we are to get nothing tor Pennsylva-
nia. I know we shall get no vor<s on the other
side, except the vote of my colleague and one,
two, or three others of the majority. They will
vote down anything which looks like protection,
because they are all opposed to the protection of
our own industiv. Then why not let us settle
this question at once? We can decide in another
day, for this question has been postponed by the
committee until to-morrow. When the committee
shall have acted on the question, we shall know
whether they will take up the question in the Sen-
ate or not. I would theiefore move that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
