1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
propriation. The fact that it is thus indorsed
takes it out of the ordinary rule that ought other-
wise to prevail in relation to appropriations. If
the gentleman from Maryland, who represents a
part of the city of Baltimore, and possibly the very
district where this custom-house is, is opposed to
this appropriation, I, as a matter of course, am
willing- that it shall take the course he suggests,
although I may deem the appropriation to be ne-
cessary. I have no other information than that
obtained from the communication from the De-
partment of the Treasury. Of course, while upon
that information I am willing to vote for the
appropriation, still I am not willing to come into
conflict on the subject with the Representative of
the district in which the building is situated. I am
willing, as he suggests it should, that it shall go
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. The previous question is
operating on these amendments, and discussion,
therefore, is not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like, with the con-
sent of the House, to make a statement injustice
to myself. When, on yesterday evening, I called
for a separate vote on this amendment, it was done
without respect to the merits of this particular
proposition. I made the call for the reason that
my constituents and the people of the State of
Tennessee are interested in certain appropria-
tions which were made during the Thirty-Fourth
Congress for the crection of custom-houses, and
which have been permitted to hang by the eye-
lids at the Treasury from that day to this; and I
am unwilling to take up this matter of custom-
houses by piecemeal. When we have occasion
to examine it, as we undoubtedly soon shall, I
want the whole matter to come up, and be disposed
of one way or other. That is flic reason I de-
manded a separate vote.
The SPEAKER, fs the demand for the yeas
and nays insisted upon ?
Mr. KUNlvEL. No, sir; I only wanted the
responsibility taken of defeating this appropria-
tion by the members from the city of Baltimore.
I withdraw the demand for the yeas and nays.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr, SHERMAN. J demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to give notice to
gentlemen on the other side of the House, that if
they wish to have the yeas and nays oil the pas-
sage of the erenoral appropriation bills, they may
be able to defeat them all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to give notice that
my object in railing for the yeas and nays is for
no other purpose than to secure the defeat of this
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If gentlemen on the other
side insist upon it, I am willing that this or any
other of tho general appropriation bills shall be
defeated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I never shrink from any re-
sponsibility that my duty demands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Wc arc in a peculiar posi-
tion; and if gentlemen wish to defeat the appro-
priation bills, it is easy for them to do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to take the re- j
sponsibihty of defeating this bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether there is any- :
thing in this bill which is not recommended by j
this Administration as necessary and proper to
carry on the affairs of this Government?
Mr. QJJARLES. If the previous question is ;
operating, I insist that there shall be no further
debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not a single item
in the bill which has not been recommended by
(he Administration itself, or some Department of
the Government. I will vote against the bill my- ;
self, if gentlemen insist upon the yeas and nays, :
that the bill may be defeated. i
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.rjjurlvw F. Adams. Green Adams, Adrain,
Aldueh. Allen, All< y, A-dimme. Barrett, Bingham,Biayton,
Briggs, Buffinton,Buuerfield5 Carey, Case, John B. Clark,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Corwin, James Craig,
Curtis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Delano, Edwards,
Eliot, English, Florence, Foster, Gooch,Guriey, Hamilton,
Helmick, Hickman, Iiourd, Howard, Hughes, Humphey,
Huteluns, Irvine, Junkin, William Kellogg, JCunkel, Lee,
Logan,Maclay, Charles D. Martin, McClernand,McKean,
McBae, Miles, Milison, Millward, Morrill, Isaac N. Mor-
ris, Nibiack, Nixon, NoelJ, Fottle, Reagan, Rice, Riggs,
Christopher Robinson, Schwaitz, Scranton, Sedgwick,
Sherman, Sickles, Spauldmg, Stout, Tappan, Thayer,
Trimble, Verree, Wells, Wilson, Woodiuff, and Wood-
son—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, William C. An-
derson, Ashley, Avery, Beale, Blake, Boteler, Bouligny,
Brabson, Bristow, Burnett, Burnham, Cobb, Burton Cidigo,
Curry, Dunn, Rtbpridgo, Farnsworth, Gartroll, J. Morrison
Harris, Hatton, HoJman, Houston, Jackson, Jones, Ken-
yon, Kilgore, Kilhnger, James M. Leach, Longnecker,
Loomis, Lovcjoy, Mallory, Maynard, McPherson, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Nelson, Perry, Pettit, Porter,
Pryor, Q,uarles, Royce, Ruffin, Simms, Singleton, William
N. II. Smith, Spmnci, Stailworth, Stanton, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Theaker, Thomas, Tompkins, Vance, Van-
dever, Waldron^ Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and
YVebfetci—63.
So the bill was passed.
'During the vote—
Mr. MOORHEAD stated that Mr. Edgerton
was paired with Mr. Cox.
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that his colleague,
Mr. Underwood, was paired with Mr. Babbitt
from to-day until the 6th of May next.
Mr. WALDRON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Leach, was called home by ill health, and that
he was paired with Mr. McQueen until the 2d
of May next.
Mr. BONH AM, not being within the bar when
his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. EDWARDS objected.
Mr. BONHAM said, that while he objected to
a good many features of the bill, he would, if al-
lowed to vote, vote in the affirmative.
Mr. DUELL stated that he was paired with
Mr. Vaj.landigiiam.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, not being within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Mr. EDWARDS said, that he had noticed the
benches upon the other side of the House were
vacant to a great extent, and that, as lie had ob-
jected to Mr. Boniiam's voting,,he would also
object in this case.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, stated that he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that, while
disapproving some of the items of the bill, he
would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. COLFAX stated that, with the statement
 >f Mr. John Cochrane, lie would also vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. SHERMAN said: Mr. Speaker, I will
simply remark that this is the lowest deficiency
bill that has been before the House for many
years; and finding that gentlemen of the other side
do not intend to defeat the appropriation bills
asked for by their own Administration, I will vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. CONKLING stated that, under the lead of
the otherside, he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WOODRUFF stated that his colleague,
Mr. Ferry, had been called home by sickness
in his family, and that he was paired with Mr.
Martin, of Virginia.
Mr. ALLEN stated that, while the bill con-
tained several items of appropriation which he
objected to, yet he would, under the circumstances,
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that he was
paired with Mr. "Wasiiburne, of Illinois, from
next Monday tdl the 1st of May.
Mr. HOARD stated that, under the lead of his
colleague, Mr. John Cochrane, and finding that
" the boxes were in the bill," he would vote for it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ASHMOIIE stated that, while disapprov-
ing of some of the features of the hill, he would
change his vote, and vote in the affirmative.
Mr. STRATTON stated that lie was paired
with Mr. wnitri.ry.
Mr. COBB said: Mr. Speaker, during my last
canvass I had a good deal of trouble with my
competitor, because ofsome items for saddle horses
and carryalls in the last deficiency bill; and as I
do not-wish to have the same trouble during the
next canvass, I must vote against this bill.
Mr. GOOCII said. Mr. Speaker, as I under-
stand it, this bill is to pay for .debts already con-
tracted. I will vote fo>' the bill; but I hope that
the Administration- will be more careful in future,
and contract only such debts as its friends can vote
to pay.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will take
the trouble to read the bill through, he will hardly
an item—certainly very few of the items—
with which the Adminstration has anything to do.
They are to pay debts contracted by this and the
other House. The Administration has nothing
to do with them.
Mr. GOOCH. Who had the majority, and
controlled the last Congress? The Democratic
party.
Mr. HOUSTON. The vote of the gentleman,
and others of his side, passed the bills. He, more
than any other, has caused the debts he speaks
of.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded. *
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined, and
found truly enrolled, bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
A resolution (S. No. 23) in regard to the min-
ister from Japan; and
An act (S. No. 92) authorizing the courts to
adjudicate the claim of the legal representatives
of the Sieur de Bonne and the Chevalier de Re-
pentigny, to certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie,
m the State of Michigan.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve.itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view to take up the Military Academy
bill, with the Texas regiment amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man yield to me a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot. I know, by ex-
Ecricncc, that if I yield to the gentleman, who
as the floor very often, I will be compelled to
yield to twenty others around mo.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am obliged, by
paramount interests, to be absent from the city.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must insist upon going
on with the regular business of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg the gentleman to yield to
me for a moryient.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must respectfully decline.
Mr. TIIAYER. What bccomcs of the agricul-
tural collcgc bill, which was assigned for this
day ?
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion is in order.
Pending the motion, I move that debate on the
bill in the committee be confined to the provisions
of the bill and amendment, under the new rule.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that, at four
o'clock, p. m., I will move that the debate on the
Texas regiment proposition shall cease. The in-
terests of the country demand that the Post Office
deficiency bill shall pass to-day or to-morrow. I
propose to allow three hours for the debate. Then,
1 think, we will be ready to vote upon the sub-
ject.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not want to prolong the
debate upon this bill unnecessarily; but I desire
to state now, before any limit is placed upon it,
that the facts, when drawn out, will show that
this is a matter of the highest importance to a
very large portion of the frontiers of the country;
and while I am willing, just as soon as we can
get out the facts, to suspend debate upon the bill,
I trust the House will not preclude us, after this
long delay, from an opportunity to present the
matter fully.
Mr. HOUSTON. The point in dispute on this
bill, I understand, is in reference to the Texas
regiment. Would it not, then, lie advisable, in
order to confine the debate to the question, to
make it a special order?
Mr. SHERMAN. That has already been done.
Mr. STANTON. Will it not be in order now,
to move that the debate upon the Military Acad-
emy bill be brought to a close at two o'clock to-
morrow?
i The SPEAKER. It would.
