1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1783
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already suggested
four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. STANTON. I prefer two o'clock to-mor-
row. I think the subject is one which demands
that much time.
Mr. REAGAN. I would suggest that the gen-
tleman do not make that motion now, for it may
be that the course of the debate may be such that
we may bring it to a close at the time indicated
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
But, should further time be required, I do not
wish to be precluded from having that time.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion for the present.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was then agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments
adopted by the Senate to an act (H. R. No. 5)
making appropriations for the supportof the Mil-
itary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861; upon which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the first read-
ing of the amendments be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to call the attention of
the committee, for such time as may be necessary,
to the leading questions raised by the amendments
of the Senate to this bill. The amendments of the
Senate consist of two; one of them simply for
materials for a building. That I propose to say
nothing about. The other is an amendment ap-
propriating something short of a million dollars
to raise a regiment of mounted volunteers for the
defense of the frontier of Texas. In this connec-
tion, it may be as well to say that this subject of
frontier defenses is one which demands the atten-
tion of Congress. The House and Congress arc
called upon, not only to raise a regiment of
mounted men for the defense of the frontiers of
Texas, but a similar demand is made for New
Mexico, and for the same reason—on account of
Indian depredations upon the borders of New
Mexico. We have information of Indian dis-
turbances upon the frontiers of Washington,Ore-
gon, and California. So this subject of the pro-
tection of our frontiers is one which the committee
ought to take into serious consideration, and, if
possible, adopt some system which will be satis-
factory.
This subject of the protection of frontiers is, as
a matter of course, regarded as a military ques-
tion, and properly so; and a military force must
be raised for the purpose of protecting the front-
iers. But every gentleman will see that it is not
an ordinary description of military service. There
is no embodied public enemy requiring the organ-
ization of a military force to defend the country
against. These depredations are committed by
mere marauding parties, ranging from one to fifty
m number, invading the States and Territories at
different points; but there is no such thing as an
open public enemy to contend with. The charac-
ter of the service is rather in the nature of a police
service. There are marauders, banders, and rob-
bers upon the borders—whether whites or Indians
is of no consequence; and it is this description of
disturbers which it is sought to raise a force to pro-
tect the frontier against. It is held by some gen-
tlemen that the Government should furnish perfect
and absolute protection to all the frontiers; that the
Government should furnish a force that will pro-
tect the settlements against any invasion. The
committee will at once sec that such a thing is ab-
solutely impracticable. You can no more protect
scattered settlements from occasional depredations
than you can protect a city from occasional burg-
laries and robberies. All you can do is to afford
protection so faras it is practicable; to pursue and
punish the depredators after the offense is com-
mitted, where the commission of it cannot be
avoided.
And again, as to the necessity of some protec-
tion to this frontier, 1 apprehend there is no sort
of doubt. I hold in my hand a communication
from Governor Houston, of Texas, dated the
12th of March, in which he gives the names of,
and location where, fifty-one murders have been
committed within the last four months prior to
its date, and of about an equal number of per-
sons who have been taken prisoners, or wounded.
There must be, then, some protection in addition
to what has heretofore been furnished.
It is, proper, however, to say, that since these
depredations have commenced, a large addition
has been made to the regular force in the military
department of the State of Texas. There isnow,
as shown by the paper I hold in my hand, dated
March 12, 1860, twenty-six hundred and sixteen
regular troops in the department of Texas, dis-
tributed as shown in the following table:
Statement showing the number and position of the troops in
the department of Texas, according to the latest returns,
March 12, 1860.
Fort Arbuckle .
Fort Brown....
Fort Clark, thirty mile:
north of Fort Duncan..
Fort Chadbourne 
Fort Cobb 
Camp Colorado..
Camp Cooper...
Fort Davis, four hundred
and seventy nnles north
westfiom San Antonio,
Cp. Lawson, sixty mile*
i'roHi Fort Inge 
Camp Hudson !
Foi t Inge, forty-five m lies!
northeast ot FortDun-i
can J
Fort Lancostcr ;
Fort Mason ;
Camp Mcintosh i
Ft.Quitman, eighty miles]
below Ei i'a;-o 
San Antonio Barracks...
Cp. Stockton, Camanche
►Spring 
Camp Verde, sixty miles
nonhwest of San An-
tonio  
Foit Washita 
Camp fvcs, thice mile.-
from Camp Venie !
Ringgold Barracks ,
Camp Wood, fifty miles'
northwest of Foil Inge, |
Fort Duncan, Eagle Pass,;
En route from Fort fngcj
to Fort Blown   
A and B, first cavalry; E,
first infantry 
E, second cavalry; L and
M, first artillery; M,
second artillery; and C
and D, eighth infantry.
F and K, first artillery...
G, first infantry 
D and E, first cavalry ; B,
C, D, F, first infantry
B, second cavalry 
D, second cavahy, and
head-quarters regiment,
G, eighth infantry, and
head-quartcis regiment,
Detachment of company
C, second cavalry 
A, eighth infantry 
C, second cavalry 
1C, first infantry 
A and F, sccond cavalry,
F, eighth mfantiy 
fl, eighth infantry 
J, fir.^t infantn 
II, first infantry 
A, fir-;t infantry 
C and F, fust cavalry....
I, second cavalry 
C, first aitillery 
K, second cavalry 
II, second cavahy 
G, &ccond cavalry 
130
72
376
78
1U7
103
34
61
134
66
83
61
57
174
74
68
2,GIG
In addition to that, as I understand it, the Gov-
ernor of Texas has now under his control some
seven or eight companies of State troops. It is
proposed, as I understand it, that these State
troops, together with their recruits, shall be or-
ganized into a regiment of volunteers; that they
shall be mounted and placed under the control of
the War Department, commanded by officers
elected by the regiment—the colonel and all. The
first question for the committee to consider will be
whether there is any necessity for a force beyond
that which is already in the field—twenty-six
hundred regular troops—and whether Congress
is disposed to take into the service of the Federal
Government the State troops now in the service
under the authority of the State of Texas.
I am not prepared to say that there is an abso-
lute necessity for any greater number of troops
than are nowin the military department of Texas.
I do not like much the manner in which this ques-
tion of raising the Texas regiment has come be-
fore Congress. The military defense of the coun-
try belongs to the Executive. The Secretary of
War is the minister who has charge of the mili-
tary defenses. The proposition to raise an addi-
tional force, for the protection of the frontier of
Texas, did not originate with the executive de-
partment. The President makes 110 complaint.
The Secretary of War makes 110 complaint. _ It
is not claimed, I say, as a proposition originating
with the executive depaitnient, that ho lacks any
foice to protect the frontier settlements of Texas.
But, while the Military Academy bill is pending
in tlfi" Senate, a Senator from Texas, 011 his own
motion, moves an amendment to raise this regi-
ment. On the question thus raised, and pending
before the Senate and before the Military Com-
mittee of the House, various correspondence has
taken place with the War Department, until ulti-
mately, at a very late day, the Secretary of War
has come to the Military Committee ,of the House
with the declaration that this regiment is neces-
sary. Now, I do not like the manner in which
this recommendation originates. It seems to have
been drawn out of the Secretary, after repeated
applications and repeated conversations, some-
what reluctantly.
Mr. Chairman, the principal subject to which
I wish to call the attention of the committee, is
one which concerns the permanent defense of the
border States and of the Territories. This Texas
regiment, as I understand it, is only contemplated
as a temporary movement for present defense. It
is to be called into service for the present; is to be
used to suppress pending hostilities, and is then
to be disbanded. I see no reason to suppose that
these Indian disturbances will not continue until
there is an adequate force of the proper descrip-
tion for the permanent protection of the frontiers.
My intercourse with the Department, and my ex-
amination of the subject, have led me to the con-
clusion that the amount of military force there is
adequate to the protection of the frontier, but that
it is not of the proper character. Our present
force consists of ten regiments of infantry, four
regiments of artillery, two regiments of cavalry,
two regiments of mounted dragoons,and one regi-
ment of mounted riflemen. The only force really
adapted to this frontier service is the two regi-
ments of cavalry. Your infantry force 011 the
plains is not of the character necessary for the
protection of the frontiers. These inroads are
made by Indians on horseback. These depreda-
tions are committed by mounted Indians. They
cannot be pursued and overtaken by infantry.
Infantry, therefoie, is practically useless, and can
render no service for the protection of the front-
iers.
My plan of dealing with the difficulty would
be to convert a portion of the infantry force into
mounted troops. I prefer that plan to the plan
of raising this mounted regiment, for this reason—
and the reason which I propose to give leads me
into a little notice of the character and origin of
these hostilities. Now, sir, it will strike any one
who will look into the subject, as ajittle remark-
able that, while we are complaining of continued
hostilities 011 the borders of Texas, on the bor-
ders of New Mexico, Oregon, Washington, and
California, there has not been, for seven years
past, a man killed or any depredations commit-
ted on the bo'rders of Utah. Utah is surrounded
on all her frontiers by Indian tribes—the same In-
dians ks are on the Texas border—the Camanches
and Navajoes. Yet Utah complains of no dep-
redation. And why not? The answer is given
in the language of the late and present Delegates
from that Territory, when they say that the peo-
ple of Utah find it cheaper to feed the Indians
than to fight them; that by proper treatment they
could prevent hostilities, preserve the good will
of the Indians, and save themselves from Indian
depredations, at less cost than by providing an
adequate military force.
Now, I desire to look for a few moments at the
origin of these hostilities on the frontier of Texas.
Some years ago the State of Texas tendered to
the United States two Indian reservations within
the unsettled portion of the State. They were
^accepted. On one of these reservations was settled
."a band of Kioways, and on the other a band of
what is called tame Camanches. They remained
there in comparative peace, so faras I can under-
stand it, till some year or eighteen months ago.
Now, to show how these difficulties have origin-
ated and grown up, I desire to call the attention
of the committee to an extract, which I propose to
have read, from the report of the Secretary of the
Interior. I ask the Clerk to read from that leport
one extract, which I have marked, on page 97.
The Clerk read, as follows:
<• I regret to be obliged to add to this that reports and other
official documents submitted to the Department furnish
sufficient evidence to ju-tity the belief tli.it the nibst atro-
cious eases of muidet and lapinc, chained to the account of
the Indians, have in leality been eomnu'ted by white men
wearing the disguise ni Indians."
Mr. STANTON. Now I ask to have a para-
graph read from page 99 of the same report.
The Clerk read, as follows:
•*; it gives mc great pain to refer to the treatment which
