1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLQBE.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me as if the de-
sire was to represent the Senate as refusing to act
on this tariff bill. I do not think the question of
adjournment has anything to do with it. The
tariff is one measure; there are many others on
■which we are to act. The tariff is very much
harped upon; but yet the House of Representa-
tives, who are such extraordinary friends of a
revised tariff, took more than six months from the
commencement of the session before they sent us
the bill; and then sent us the resolution for final
adjournment within ten days after the bill got
here. The tariff bill came here on the 11th of May,
and the resolution to adjourn on the 21stof May.
I only make this remark because it is very evi-
dent to me that the object is to make a political
question out of the mere question when Congress
shall adjourn.
Mr. BIGrLER. I am not willing to allow the
remarks of my colleague to go without some no-
tice. He states very emphatically that he thinks
nothing is to be done for Pennsylvania on this
subject. Now, sir, I beg to say to my colleague
that perhaps, so far as relates to the disposition
of members on this side, my information is as
accurate as Ins; and I do not feel authorized to
make any such announcement. 1 hope my col-
league is mistaken; I believe he is mistaken; and
I am sorry that he should have made the remark
that it seemed, to be positively settled that no ac-
tion was to be taken on this subject of the tariff
for this session. I agree that there is reason for
apprehension; but 1 cannot say that will be the
decision, by any means. I have reason to hope
otherwise.
Mr. BRIGHT. I called up this resolution for
the reason that I believed a majority of the Sen-
ate was anxious that the question should be dis-
posed of one way or the other, that we might
know how to shape other matters. 1 do not con-
cur in the opinion expressed by the Senators from
Pennsylvania. There is time enough left to act
upon the tariff. 1 undei stand each of those Sen-
ators to be in favor of a restoration of the tariff
of 1846, with certain modifications. When the
bill shall be brought up, those Senators can move
their amendments; and 1 think we can dispose of
the subject m a day. It is not expected that we
shall go into all the details of a tariff remodeling
entirely the present revenue system. I apprehend
neither of those Senators expects that we shall be
able to do that.
I have heard the same argument for the last fif-
teen years every session, that we could not pos-
sibly get ready to adjourn by the day indicated by
the other House; or,if the proposition to adjourn
originated here, that the other House could not
get ready. I concur in much that was said by the
Senator from ]NTew Hampshire. Fix a day of ad-
journment, and we shall get ready; and, after all,
we shall do the important legislation within the
last ten days of the session. I am against the
postponement, and against the amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Indiana
is incorrect m supposing that I am willing to take
the tariff of 1846. 1 do not want that at all. I
want a protective tariff. I want a tariff to give
protection to our labor. That tariff does not do
so. 1 do not know what my colleague thinks
about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, to strike out " the 18th of June '' and
insert 14 the 27th of June."
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the resolution.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they w°re ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 29, nays 27; as follows:
YE AS—Mes?is. Bnymd, Benjamin, Biagg, Bright. Ches-
nut, Claik, Cimgman, Chittenden, Davis, J'jteh, Fitznat-
riok, Hale, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, lvei.-nn, John-oil
of Aikansds, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedv. ftlallory,
Mason, Powell, Pugh, Kice, Sebastian, ShdeJ),Thomson,
'iVomb-*, anfj Wigfall—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Biglei. Biown, Comeion,
Ohandlei, Collamer, Doolitt]f\ Duiker, Fcs^cnden, I'not,
Green, Grimes, Gwin, Ilamhn, Hail.m. King, Latham,
Nicholson, Polk, Sewaid, Simmons, &uinn<u_. Ten ICjck,
Trumbull, Wade, YVilkui&on, and Wik.-ou--:27.
So the resolution was concurred in.
ADMISSION OF.KANSAS. -
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and take up the bill for the admission of
Kansas; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cannot
make his voice audible in the Chamber at present.
If Senators and others will come to order, the
Chair will state the question.. The military ap-
propriation bill is before the Senate as the special
order. .The Senator from Ohio moves to postpone
that and other special orders, to take up the bill
for the admission of Kansas. On this question
he asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to state that the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clay] is detained at home by
illness, and that by an arrangement he is paired
off with the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Douglas.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Btglcr, Bingham, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doohtrlc, Durkee, i-cssendcn,
Foot, Foster, Gilmes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Pugh,
fcScwaul, Simmons, Sumner, Ten 12yck, Trumbull, Wa'de,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Bragg, Bright,
Brown, Chesnut, Clingnian, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Gieen, Gwin, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, lveison,
Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Malloiy, Mason,
Nicholson, Pcarce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Sebastian, Slideli,
Thomson, Toombs, Wjgfuli, and Yulee—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am informed that my
name is not recorded on the vote just taken. I
did vote,and I desire to have itrecordcd. It will
not alter the result; butIvoted,and itis a mistake
if my name, is not on the list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The name of the
Senator from Vermont is not recorded.
Mr COLLAMER. It ought to be. To omit
it is a mistake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a mistake
that might well happen from the confusion that
has'been prevailing in the Senate all the morn-
ing. The Senator's vote will be recorded in the
aflirmativc, if there be no objection. The Chair
hears no objection.
AIIMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, the pending question beiugon
the motion of Mr. Anthony to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate refused to concur in the
amendment, made as m Committee of the Whole,
to strike out the following clause:
And that thcie be added to the staff of the Army one
signal otiico, svith theidiik,pay,aiHlallowancesot a major
ol cavaliy, who shall have euaige, undo) ihe ducction of
the Secietary of War, of all signal duty, and of all books,
papeis, and appai atu-> connected therewith.
Mr. WILSON. I know, sir, the impatience
of the Senate, and I do not intend to occupy more
than a very lew moments in a brief explanation
of this question. The Secretary of War, in his
annual report, callcd the attention of Congress
to a system of signals which had been invented
by Captain Meyer, connected with the medical
corps of the Army. The Secretary said:
u Assistant Surgeon Albeit J. Meyci, of the medical corps
of the Ai my, having submitted to tins Department a sys-
tem of mititaiy signals for the purpose ol communicating
intelligence of oidcrs between distant points on land, a
boaid was convened in March lust to examine into its
merits. The boaid repotted favorably to the adoption of
this plan tor the usesot the Army. A setics of experiments
with the field signals, instituted under special instructions
fiom this Depaitmeut, have developed results which prom-
ise to be of value to the service. With an equipment sim-
ple, stiong, weighing but sixteen pounds, and so compact
a- to bo lapidly earned fiom place to place by a soldier
mounted oi on loot, which requires tor its use but a single
man, communication has been kept up and messages trans-
mitted by day and at night a distance of fifteen miles. Mes-
sages have been sent five mile?; without any apparatus
especially piovided for the purpose.
"Fot thf distances at wluch communication by signals
would be needed foi milita(y u-e<s, the plan proposed ap-
pears to be ready and reliable. The trials in progress give
reason to believe that by the use of such signals there may
be M?cu.ed to the sei vice a mode of communication more
onsy, saie, and available than any hitherto known. The
advantages to accrue to an army fiom a practicable sys-
tem oi telegraphing do not require comment."
The subject came before the Committee on
Mitiiary Affairs, and the committee had placed
before them a letter fiom Mr. Jenkins, a first lieu- j
tenant of artillery, dated at West Point. I ask j
foi the reading of this letter.
The Secretary read it, as-fdiws; . h  
MILITARY AcAD'EMY,"WE's4rPofNf>'^cwt,fo&.t,
' • May 9, I860. ' : '■
Colonel: Hiave been fequestetf by Assistant
Albert J. Meyer, United States Armyy to'inake to-yotj -
The War Department having direeted'tTie commanding
officer of Fort Monroe, Virginia, to render to Assistant Sur-
geon Meyer such -assistance as he" should require^ white
prosecuting his experiments in military signals at that post,'
1 was, by application of fir. Meyer, assigned to dufy with
him about the first part of April, 1859, and continued on
said duty for a period of some forty days. ' '
We conducted experiments by day ahd night, attaining
results which were not only perfectly satisfactory, but
which surpassed our highest expectations. Messages were
sent and received, over distances varying from one to fif-
teen miles, with the most perfect accuracy. In many cases,-
neither operator was visible to the other even with glasses;
and, in one instance, when the message was shot from a
thirty-two-pounder gun a distance of fifteen miles* woods,
hills, water, and houses'intervened between the operator
and those to whom the message was addressed, and by
whom it was received.
Messages were sent by means of cannon, storm and gar-
nson flags, markci staffs, handkerchiefs, foriage caps, lan-
tern?, port fires, colored fires, rockets, maneuveringof hfen,
and various other methods, unnecessary to be mentioned
here.
As regard? the "Meyer system of signals," therefore, I
would leport:
l>t. v2s regards instruction.—The theory of the system,
and c veiytlung necessary to a complete understanding of its
practical application, can be acquired by an ordinarily in-
telligent peison in a day.
2nd. Simplicity.—It is theshnplest of all known systems,
yet possessing no limit as to the different means of its ap-
plication. Under ordmafy circumstances, and at ranges
under live miles, no instrument is necessary, except an ordi-
nary opera glass. A man's handkerchief, cap, or coat will"
furnish all tiie appaiatus necessary lor the perfect trans-
mission of any message. In case the key to the system
is discovered, half a minute suffices to change the whole
system and render it perfectly unintelligible to ail but the
opeiators.
3d. Means of communication.—As applied to the military
seivico, anytlimg and everything, from a saber to a colum-
buui, from a company-markci flog to the garrison flag, from
a poit fire to the largest loeket, liom a single drummer boy
to a company on dull, can bo rendered subset vient to this
system. Stones, uees. colors, in factanj thing, can iinpait
niibimation to those undeistandmg the system.
" 4th. Accuracy of transmission.—As the ..messages arc
mostly sent by sight or sound, the time of their icceptionis
almost instantaneous with the time of their dchveiy. In
l.u-t, ovei a distance of seven and a half miles, 1 sent mes-
sages and ieceived them back again, verbatim ct literatim.,
within Jialf a minute alter I had ceased signalizing; thus
showing not only the laptdity with which they can bcicad
by the peiM>n receiving them, but informing tine sender im-
mediately whethei or not his message has been accurately
undei&tood.
5th. Importance..—As the apparatus (when any is used)
is of the simplest and cheapest kind, and easily transported
by one man, mounted or on foot, its economy alone lenders
it superior to all systems. In the hands of skillful, intelli-
gent men, its importance, in time of war, must be incal-
culable ; and should such an event occur, the system will
be tested and its met its confirmed. In conclusion, I can-
not speak too highly in its favor; and I tiust to see. it
adopted and applied practically to the service for whose
benefit it was devised, and for whom its inventor has so
long and unceasingly labored.
1 have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, jour obe-
dient scivant, W. JENKINS,
Fhst Lieutenant First United States *drt\Uer>j•
Colonel Samuel Cooper, Adjutant General United States
Jlrmy> Washington, D. C.
Mr. WILSON. I have also a letter from Lieu-
tenant Alexander, explaining this system of sig-
nals by Captain Meyer:
Washington City, t). C., Xavembtr 28.1859.
Sir: At the request of Assistant Surgeon A. J. Meyer,
United States Aimy, Ihave the honor to address to you the
following statement:
On the 5th ultimo I reported to Dr. Meyer, in New York
city, in obedience to special instructions from the War
Department, and immediately commenccd a com so of In-
struction and experiments in the sy^em of signal com
mumcation proposed byhun to the War Department. I
completely mastered the system and the puncipies of 4ts
application in thccourscof the morning, and the time since
then has been unremittingly devoted to experimental trans-
mission of messages,, with various apparatus, both by day
and night. The success which has attended these experi-
ments has far exceeded our expectations, and is conclusive
evidence tomvseif of the absolute perfection as well as the
simplicity of the system, and of the immense advantage to
be derived from its introduction into the seivxce, in capa-
ble hands.
l'he experiments were conducted over ranges peculiarly,
trying; but we neveithele&s succeeded in mamtamiugcom-
munication, both by day and night, in onlmairy weather*
over a distance of fifteen and a (juaiter miles. The appa-
ratus necessary for this distance, lor both day and night
experiments, is very light aud simple, and so portable thar
one man, mounted or on foot, is &ufitcient to transport and
use it. At the distance of six miles we have maintained
communication with no other appaiatus than a handker-
chief, walking-cane, and pocket spv-giast>; and signals made
with the regular apparatus I, have reati at that distance
with the naked eye.
The signals by means of r>ound we have not, as yet, tested;
but. in my own mind I feel most-conlident that they will b< 
