2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
found fully as useful as those by sight. Guns may be used
for the long distances, and for short distances the bugle and
drum will furnish a more rapid and as sure means as the
flag, besides being capable of use in spice of fog, smoke,
woods, or hills intervening.
Communication by sight and sound would be, of course,
ordinariiy} all that is requisite; but the system is by no
means hinited to it. [n any way or by any sense, or at what-
ever distance, one man cannianife&t the fact of his exist-
ence to another, the system can be readily and at once
applied, by parties who understand it, without any prear-
rangement. This, remarkable power will, of course, offer
endless means of sending and disguising important mes-
sages, vvluch may be subject to the severest scrutiny with-
out attracting attention. In short, it is capable of mathe-
matical demonstiation that the system is the most pcilbct,
comprehensive, and simple, that can possibly be devised.
Its applications are absolutely unlimited, and its value to
the community at large would most certainly handsomely
lemumerate the inventor, if offered to it. Only those who
understand the system thoroughly can judge of its power
and the facility of communication given by it.
Of the military importance of this facility of communi-
cation, 1 apprehend, I am not called upon to speak, it being
amply attested by all military history, as welt as by the at-
tempts to achieve it which have been persevered in by
military nations from the most remote antiquity to the pres-
ent time, and 1 will advance no opinion. As to the merits,
however, of this particular system, my opinion is not at all
too strongly given in what I have written; and I have no
doubt that it will be concurred in by all who fully under-
stand the system.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
EDWARD P. ALEXANDER,
Second Lieutenant Engineers.
Colonel S. Cooper, Adjutant General United States Army.
Sir, these letters explain the system of signals
invented by Captain Meyer; and Senators cannot
fail to see the importance of introducing these
signals into the Army. In our Indian wars these
signals cannot fail to be of great service. I send
to the Secretary a letter of the Secretary of War,
addressed to the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department, Washington,
February 9, I860.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter ol the 4th instant, inclosing for the views of
this Depaitment the resolution of the Senate directing the
Military Committee " to inquire into the expediency or pro-
curing the exclusive use and benelitof a system of com-
munication, by cipher in wilting or by telegraph, between
tke officers of the Government." It would, withoutdoubt,
be of the highest advantage to the officers of the Govern-
ment, in a tune of active military operations, to have pos-
session of a system of communication, by the means of
winch secret information could be conveyed with tacihty
and safety. The plan of transmitting such intelligence by
ciphers, indicated in the accompanying letters, which have
been addressed to this Department by Mr. J. M. Iloye,
appears to me, from the examination 1 have given it, to
possess considerable merit, and to be well adapted to the
purpose for which it is intended. 1 accordingly eoinmeml
it to favorable consideration.
Jl system of military signals, for the purpose of communi-
cating intelligence or orders between distant points on land,
having been submitted by Assistant Suigeou Albert J.
Meyer, of the medical corps of the A my,a hoard was con-
vened in March last to inquire into its merits. The boaid
repotted favorably to the adoption of this plan, for the u^Cs
of the Army. There remaining unsettled some questions
as to the distances al which thc?-e signals could be used,
and their availability for operations in the field, a series ot
experiments with the field-signals was instituted, under
special instructions from this Department. From the re-
poit of these experiments, and the statements of disinter-
ested officers, they appear to have completely demonsti ated
the usefulness of these signals for militaiy operations un-
der the mauy exigencies incidenttotheservice. I consider
the practicability ol their use as established. Reference
was made to these facts in my annual repoit to the Presi-
dent of the United States.
The elaboration of the principle upon which these sig-
nals are based is ingenious: the signals aie capable of
numerous changes, and of the most simple and varied ap-
plications. They can be u^ed loi distances great it not
tor greater distances than any other signals of which 1 have
information. They can be used anywheie without ma-
chinery. They can be concealed, if necessary. The appa-
ratus devised for field use—the whole, for both day and
night use, being portable, in the hand of a man mounted or
on toot, and icudily put in opciatum dny where by a single
man—is perhaps as ingemou>ly planned, as simple, and as
stiong, as it is possible to obtain. The detailed reports of
the experiments which have developed the above results
will be laid bufote the committee, if they are required.
There are now in this city two officeis who have been em-
ployed m the practical tests of thissystem. These officers
—Asbiftam Surgeon Mejur, of the nmdical eoips. and
Lieutenant E. P. Alexander, of the engineers of the Aimy
—will appear before the committee, if their presence is de-
sired, and will willingly respond to any questions it may be
thought proper to addiess to them.
I regard the general use of this system of signals by the
regular Army, and, under some circumstances, by the mi-
litia, ds not only expedient, but as or very great importance
for the military service of the United States.
I recommend, therefore, that, for introducing this use,
and the dischaige of the duties to arise under it, there be
added to the staff* of the Army one signal officer, with such
rank, pay, and allowances, as the committee may determ-
ine ; and that there be added to the appropriation for the
Army the sum of dollars, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, for bringing into the
service this mode of communication.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B.FLOYD,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Chairman Military Committee
United States Senate.
The simple question before the committee was,
how this system should be introduced into thfe5
Army. No action,- I think, was taken by the
Senate committee; but the Committee on Military
Affairs in the House of Representatives 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts will give way for a moment, I will say that
he is in error as to the proceedings. The letter
which he had read, in the*first place, was not be-
fore the committee. The one to which he refers,
the answer of the Secretary of War, as to such
provision as Congress might make, is not the final
answer; the committee afterwards put to the Sec-
retary of War distinctly the question, what was
to be the rank of this new officer—whether he was
to be attached to any corps or department; and
here is his answer.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, March, 1860.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry of the 6th instant, as to my
views on the subject of the rank, position, and command,
of a "signal officer," I have the honor to say, that in my
opinion the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain in the
staff would he proper and sufficient; that the signal officer
need not be attached to any department or corps, but should
be under the direction of the War Department, and gov-
erned by such regulations as may from time to time be
found expedient; and that his right to command be re-
stricted to the soldiers who may be detailed to aid him in
his appropriate duties. He should not be considered m the
line of promotion.
I am, sir, vejy respectfully, your obedient servant,
' JOHN B. FLOYD,
Secretary of tVar.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Chairman Committee on Military
Jljj'airs, United States Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I was aware that letter existed;
but in the packages of the committee I could not
find it. If I had found it, I should have quoted
it among the other letters. I, however, see nothing
inconsistent between the two letters of the Secre-
tary. He recommends the introduction into the
Army of these signals; recommends the appoint-
ment of a certain officer to be attached to the staff,
under the direction and control of the Secretary
of War. This provision of the act received the
unanimous sanction of the Committee on Military
Affairs in the House of Representatives; and it re-
ceived the sanction also of the House. It is, I think,
the most practical mode to introduce this system
of signals into the Army. It is not proposed to
create a department, but to appointa staff officer,
to act under the direction of the War Office, or to
act under such regulations as the Secretary of
War shall establish. Without consuming further
the time of the Senate, I will close, with the ex-
pression of the hope that the vote will not be re-
considered, and that this scction will remain as
it came from the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question is on the reconsideration.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The amendment was
agreed to; and now, I understand, a motion is
made to reconsider. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered.
Mr. KING. 3 desire to understand the ques-
tion. The amendment made by the Committee
of the Whole, I understand, was disagreed to by
the Senate; so that the bill stands as it came from
the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York is correct.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was informed that
the amendment had been stricken out in com-
mittee.
Mr. WILSON. I will explain to the Senator
from Kentucky. In Committee of the Whole
this clause was stricken out; but in the Senate it
was restored, and now amotion is made to recon-
sider the latter action.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say a word,
and it shall be but a word, on this subject. I
believe it is designed by this provision, if the
Congress of the United States shall authorize it,
to give the young officer who has brought this sys-
tem to such perfection that it will be useful in the
Army, a position which will enable him to intro-
duce and familiarize the use of it to the Army.
It seems to me to be so appropriate a reward for
such service, that I hope the Senate will piomote
it, as far as it can, by adhering to the amendment.
The difference is between making this staff officer
a captain and giving him the rank of major. It
is a very small difference. He is already about
the rank of a captain, I believe; but he has no
promotion, and therefore we may give him an
advanced rank, because he is to go no higher. As
a staff officer, he gives up all the rights of pro-
motion, which, as an officer, he may now have.
I think it is but an adequate reward to the officer
who has brought this system more particularly
intd the view of the public, and is best prepared
to continue it. He has, by his experiments,
brought it to a condition in which the Secretary of
War thinks it may be very useful to the country.
Now, is it not most appropriate that he should
be the very man who shall carry its use into the
Army—he who already perfectly understands it?
I think so. I hope that we shall not reconsider
the decision of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senate have heard
probably as much of this matter as the import-
ance of the case justifies, and perhaps more than
they desired; but I wish to call attention to a fact
which seemed not to be understood when I was
up before; or my representation of it was not very
well expressed. It is the fact that the question
arose on a reference by a resolution of the Senate
directing the committee to inquire into the expe-
diency and propriety of securing a right to use
in the Army a system of cipher. That system
of cipher was referred to the War Department,
who made a report commendatory of the system,
and called attention to the invention of Dr. Meycv
before the committee. Before any report was
made on it, the House acted on the subject, and
put in this bill a provision to make a signed officer,
and give him the rank, pay, and allowances, of
a major of cavalry. It is so extraordinary a re-
ward to give to an officer of the Army for improv-
ing on the appliances of his profession, that I hope
it will not be seriously entertained by the Senate.
If we are to enlarge the staff, already dispropor-
tionate to the size of our Army, by creatinganew
staff officer for every improvement made in the
means necessary for military purposes, itcan have
no limits. It is a character of reward to my mind
wholiy inappropriate. The public necessities
should govern the organization of the Army;
whereas here it is made a question of what reward
we shall give to individuals. We have had im-
provements in pack saddles, in ponton bridges;
and what have we not had improvements in, which
enters into military service? Will you go on
multiplying your staff departments, adding one
after another to the number of staff officers of the
Army, and giving them extraordinary rank ? If
a man happens to be in a department of the staff,
so as to have an assimilated grade of captain, will
you, as a rewaid for some useful improvement,
make him a major of the Army after five or six
years of service ? I think no one can seriously
entertain the proposition without seeing at once
that it leads to such abuses as to break the Army
down beneath a crushing staff. I know of no
military man whose opinion I would consider
worth anything—and I have not consulted any
other, and therefore I say I know of no military
man—who does not look on this as anomalous in
the military service, and improper. If this Doc-
tor had been an educated soldier, trained to the
usages of the Army, he would never have thought
of such a reward. It was because he came from
a learned profession, and was ingrafted as a por-
tion of the staff which is attached to the Army,
and knew nothing of the rules of promotion, or
the character of rewards that follow military ser-
vice—for that reason only could he ever have im-
agined that a man, for making a system of signals,
improving upon a military means as old as the
art of war, should be converted at once into a
major of cavalry.
The subject, however, is technical, and I should
weary the Senate if I went into it. The chair-
man of the Committee on NavalAffairs, in which
service signals are far more important, has pre-
sented to you its relation to the Navy. It is quite
clear that if you are to go into such systems of
rewards as this, the person whose discovery first
brought the subject before the Senate, being the
one of writing in secret cipher, who has presented
to you something which may be as essential in
war as the other, should have some reward too.
To communicate by cipher may be more valua-
