342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
36th CoisTa....lsT Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Tobrabs.
Senate.
as a bad pension. That principle was the same
which was so bitterly contested,and, we thought,
condemned, by all sides in 1850—congressional in-
tervention against slavery. In 1820 Congress had
put a section into the law admitting Missouri into
the Union, declaring that slavery or involuntary
servitude, except for crime,should never exist in
that part of the territory acquired from France
lying north of 36^ 30' n§rth latitude, and out-
side of Missouri. The country proposed to be
embraced in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska lay under the prohibition. There was not
the least controversy between the North and the
South on any other point in the proposed bill.
We said, repeal this eighth section of the act of
1820; it is not only unjust and unequal and un-
constitutional, but it is in conflict with the prin-
ciple and substance of the settlement of 1850.
The northern Democrats generally agreed to it;
the Free-Soilers, of course, raised a terrific yell
about the sacred compact of 1820, which they
denounced, when passed, as much as they lauded
it now, and for the same reason—to get power.
"We were willing to take an ordinary territorial
bill in every other respect whatever—like that of
New Mexico. That was our only point in the
case. While the repeal was granted,ournorthern
friends considered the mode of doing it important
to protect them from misconstruction and mis-
representation. For this reason, and for this rea-
son alone, the peculiar phraseology was used. It
was intended that the bill should defend itself.
We therefore inserted in the bill, as follows:
"That the Constitution and laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall luive the same force
and effect in said Territory of Kansas, as eteewheic within
the United States, except the eighth section of the act
preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the Union,
uppioved March 0,1820, which, being incoimbtcnt with the
principle of non-interrevtionby Congress with slavery m the
States and Territories, as recognized by the legislation of
1650, commonly called the compromise measures, is hereby
declared inoperative and void i it being the true intentand
meaning of this act not to legislate slavery into any State
or Tetritory, nor to exclude it therefrom, hut to leave the
people tlieicof perfectly Iree lo foim and regulate theii do-
mestic iiiotitutions in tlieir own w.iy, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States: Provided, That nothing
heieiu contained shall he construedto ievi\e oi put m loiee
any law 01 regulation winch may luivo existed prior to the
act of the 6th of March, 18-20, either piotecting, prohibiting,
or abolishing slavery."
The act was complete, for all purposes, down to
the words "which being inconsistent," &c. All
of the act after that was intended as explanatory
simply of the reason of the repeal and the effect
of the repeal.
The reason of the repeal was, that it was incon-
sistent with the non-intervention established by
the act of 1850, The section repealed declared
that slavery should never exist in that country,
no matter whether the people wanted it or not.
The territorial act of 1850 declared that, when
New Mexico should be admitted into the Union,
she might come in with or without slavery as her
constitution prescribed. Here was an inconsist-
ency. The Now Mexican act was silent as to what
were the rights of slaveholders during the terri-
toiial government, but left that question to the gen-
eral principles of the Constitution and the treaty
of cession, and the courts. The act of 1820 pro-
hibited slavery in the Territory directly. Here
was onother conflict. The powers of legislation
given to the Territories were the same in substance
i'n both bills. Subsequently we struck out the
clause in the Kansas bill, compelling the Terri-
tory to report their acts to Congress, because we
wished to drive the slavery agitation out of Con-
gress. We wanted to establish non-intervention
with the ordinary legislation of the Territories as
the rule; we did not seek the constitutional impos-
sibility of getting rid of our constitutional and
treaty obligations, but wanted interference to be
the exception, and only in obedience to a neces-
sity, if one should arise. Again, it was alleged
that the repeal of that act would revive the pro-
slavery laws of Spain and France. Whether that
was the fact or not, we consented to the repeal,
still willing to rest on our principles. Such was
the bill: such our objects in passing it.
To facilitate the settlement of the questions
about which we differed, we adopted the same
♦principle that was contained in the New Mexican
bill, referring all questions of title to slaves in the
Territories to the Supreme Court^ We held it
was the right of slaveholders to enter with their
property into the Territories, and that it was the
duty of the Territorial Legislature, as well as Con-
gress, to protect us. While our adversaries de-
nied our right of entry with slaves, they held that
the Territorial Legislature might establish and
protect or prohibit slavery. Therefore we had two
ways of settling the controverted points: if the
territorial government decided to admit and pro-
tect slavery, there was an end of controversy in
such Territory on the principles ofboth sides; but
if it prohibited and refused protection, the ques-
tion was agreed to be left to the Supreme Court
to settle the principle. In other words, as long as
the question was undecided m one of these two
ways, we would forbear to claim the exercise of
any legislation by Congress to protect what we
claimed as a constitutional right; but when the
question was determined in our favor, cither by the
territorial authorities or by the Supreme Court,
it was to be a settlement, a settlement of a policy,
and not of a case, as the Senator from Illinois
now pretends. We never acknowledged any re-
siduary power, after the decision of the courts, in
the Territories to destroy our rights thus settled,
by either action or non-action. It then became
their sworn duty to protect us, and the duty of
Congress to see to it that they did protect us. We
expected them to follow the example of the seven
Territorial Legislatures who had given ample
protection to slave property during their whole
territorial existence, and whose acts while sub-
ject to the control ofCongress were affirmed. They
made police and other regulations under Wash-
ington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and
all subsequent Presidents, until the last one (Flor-
ida) was admitted into the Union. This was the
true intent and meaning of the bill, and so it was
understood at the time and afterwards, and, up to
the decision in the Dred Scott case, by the Sena-
tor from Illinois himself. I stand by every pro-
vision of the acts of 1850 and 1854, touching Ter-
ritories, now, and have ever faithfully adhered to
them, and there is nothing in these resolutions or
those at Charleston, passed by the majority of
the committee, in contravention of them.
My bill of 1856, providing for the admission of
Kansas into the Union did not contravene it in any
way. It is true, that was m direct conflict with all
idea of popular sovereignty in the Territories. It
seized upon their pretended rights of self-govern-
ment where they were alleged to have violated clear
and undisputed constitutional rights, and protected
the Free-Soilets of the Territories against the vio-
lation of their rights. This bill received the sup-
port of the Senator from Illinois, and every other
Democrat in both Houses of Congress. It took
away from the Territorial Legislature, and their
sovereigns, their own ballot-box, declared who
should vote, appointed Federal officers to register
voters, and decide upon their qualification; ap-
pointed persons to superintend the election, and
abrogated and annulled not only all laws against
the Constitution, but even those that violated the
just rights of the inhabitants. Where was this
popular sovereignty then? There were none so
poor as to do it reverence. It would have been a
breach of good faith to have then undertaken to
have decided what were the rights of slaveholders
on the controverted points, and then to have pro-
tected them. We only protected clear and un-
disputed rights under "my bill of 1856; but after
our rights on the subject of slavery have been
once settled in either of the modes prescribed,
then we have the same right and the same duty
is imposed on us to protect property in slaves as
to protect any other right in the Territory; and
which protection neither conflicts with the non-
intervention contained in the compromise of 1850
or the acts of 1854. Those acts intervened to pro-
tect slaveholders by extending the fugitive slave
law to the Temtory. Why? Because the con-
stitutional right was admitted by us all. When
the rights now in question were settled, they were
equally entitled to your protection.
In the face of your party platforms; in the face
of the settlement of 1S50; in the face of your act
of 1854, the Senator from Illinois, and all the
Democrats in both Houses, voted for protection to
the rights of the Free-Soilers in Kansas as provided
in my bill. They came here and complained of
various restrictions on their constitutional rights,
put upon tliemby a pro-slavery Legislature. They
said they were denied the right of suffrage without
'onerous taxation and odious test oaths, compel-
ling them to swearto maintain acts they didnotap-
prove, and which they had a right to endeavor to
repeal; that the ballot-boxes were fraudulently
prostituted to party, and not public ends. Wheth-
er these things were true or not, we protected
them against them, by declaring that such things
should no longer exist in Kansas, even under the
shield of'4 popular sovereignty." My honorable
friend from Illinois quoted my speech in 1856 to
sustain his side of the question. I am quite sure I
would not alter a word in any one of his quota-
tions:
" We who parsed this Kansas hill, both at the North and
the South, intend to maintain its principles; we do not in-
tend to be dilvcn fioni them by clamoi nor assaults, nor by
falsehoods, nor by any oilier invention of its faithless and
impotent assailants. These principles we expound for our-
selves. We intend that the actual, bona fide settlers of
Kansas shall be protected m the full exercise of all the
rights of freemen; that, ituawed and uncontiolled, they
shall freely, and of their own will, legislate for themselves
to eveiy extent allowed by the Constitution, while they
have a territorial government, and when they shall be in a
condition to come into the Union*, and may desire it, that
they shall come into the Union with whatever republican
constitution thc> may prefei and adopt foi themselves; that
in iheevMcisc of these rights they shall be protected against
insurrection lrom within and invasion from without."
That is where I stood then. I said I would
give them protection against insurrection from
within and invasion without. It was said that
they were invaded from Missouri; that they were
overawed under color of law; and if that was
true, I introduced a bill to abrogate all laws that
violated their constitutional rights. They were
" domestic institutions;" but I needed no court to
satisfy me that they were wrong. -I wanted no
court to satisfy me that it was bad policy. I
would not have undertaken to decide the slavery
question in the same way, although it was put
on the same basis. My faith, and that of every
man, would have been impugned by such action
in regard to so much of the slavery question as
was agreed to be submitted, until the decision on
the principle was had. But, surely, if there had
been slaves there, I should not have considered
myself bound by that bill, or by any undertaking
of mine not to march the Army of the United States
there to protect slave property against insurrec-
tion or invasion. How could I do it? I could
not barter away this constitutional duty. I did
not, nor was such the understanding at that time.
That this was my understanding, I will again
show by another quotation from one of my
speeches, made in 1856, read by the Senator from
Illinois. I presume these extracts were the most
favorable he could find in my whole record, and
T will give him the full benefit of them, even de-
tached, as they are, from the context. I stand
by them all:
"We still tell all the owners of this public domain to
enter and enjoy it, both m the North and the South, with
property of every soit; cxcrcise the full powers of Ameri-
can freemen; legislate for yoniselves to any and every ex-
tent, and upon any aiul every subject allowed by our com-
mon Constitution."
This is put in large letters. I approve every
word of it now. I think it very sound. I do not
know what it is put in the speech of the Senator
from Illinois for, unless it is to be used in order
to cover some generality, to be used by people
who have not quite discrimination enough to know
the difference between legislating according to the
Constitution and legislating against the Constitu-
tion. Again, he quotes, and m very large letters:
" I thought it wiw the duty ot the Government to protect
slave pioperty in the Trrntones until they should come
into the Union as States, and then let thein do as they
pleased. There was not a large party to sustain this doc-
tiuie; but I believed it was right then, and believe so now.
But a large poition of the South, and a great number oi the
North, true national men, said: ' Let us leave the people
of the Teintories to pass on thn and all other domestic
relations as far as the Constitution will allow.' I agree
to it.5'
I agree to it to-day. I shall not disturb it, and
I want other people to stand by it. I expected,
when the question was decided in my favor, to
have the benefit of the decision. I intended to act
wit!l uberrima fides to the North andthe South—to
the«ibolitionist and the slaveholder. I intended
