1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
the Texas icscrve Indians and tlieir superintendent and
agents have received. Several year? since, Texas tendered
to the Government certain tracts of land for the occupancy
of the Indians; the Government accepted the lands, and
proceeded to gather upon them as many Indians as could
be induccd to abandon their roving life and settle down to
agricultural pursuits. The reports of their progress were
most favorable; and the productions of the reservations
promised, at an early day, to be more than sufficient for
their comfortable subsistence. In the midst of this pros-
perity, so gratifying to the Department, and at the very hour
when it was believed that the reservation would prove em-
inently suecesslul, a most determined and unreasonable
hostility to these Indians and their agents exhibited itself
among a portion of the settlers who had come in and lo-
cated in that section of the State. The removal of the In-
dians was demanded, under a threat of extermination, but
was prevented lor a time by the tact and good management
of the late superintendent, aided by tlie presence of a de-
tachment of United States troops. With a desfte to pre-
vent bloodshed, and at the pressing instance of the author-
ities ot the State of Texas, the Department consented to
issue an order lor the breaking up of the reservations, to be
carried into effect as soon as the then growing crop could
be harvested. This concession, instead of satisfying these
Texans, only stimulated them to further outrages, and they
peremptorily demanded the immediate removal of the In-
dians. When it became apparent that the leservo Indians
lived in daily fear oi being murdered, and that, nnder such
circumstances, no crop could be laised, permission was
given, at the urgent lequest of the superintendent, that the
removal should be made at oncc. Threats were then made
that the Indians should not depart unmolested ; and it be-
came necessary to invoke the aid of the Army to protect
them in their exodus. Their removal was finally ellccted;
and they are now, to the number of one thousand tour hun-
dred and fifteen, colonized in the countiy leased for the
purpose from the Choctaws and Chickasaw.-' On the
return of the superintendent to the State of Texas, he was
wantonly attacked and muidered."
*Mr. STANTON. I will now refer the Cleric
to page 588, and ask him to read the communi-
cation from the Brazos farmer.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Brazos Aoency, December 28,1858.
Silt: I have sad news to send you iiuregard to the Indians.
There were seventeen Indians,"men, women, and children,
encamped, giazing their horses on a bend of the Hrazos,
above the mouth of the Reielue. They had been there for
some time, and had been visited by the white people, and
had conducted themselves in a peaceful and quiet mannei;
but, on yesterday morning, some white men ?tole upon
their camp while they were asleep, and fired upon them,
killing four men and throe women, and wounding neaily
all the rest, though they have .succeeded in getting baek to
the reserve.
Two Caddoes were killed, one man and one woman, the
rest were Anahdahkos. Amongthc number killed, is Choc-
taw Tom's wife; lusrdaughtei had hei thumb shot off. Joso
is here, and says his young men are very much exasperated,
and wish to go back and c.\ccute summary vengeance on
the murderers ofatheir brothers and sisters, but Jos6 told
them to wait till he saw you, as you had promised them
that you would not s>ee them wronged.
Joso says for a longtime he lias buenafilend to the white
mm, and looked upon them as biothers, but now, as they
havti murdered his people, he. does not know how to meet
them. Ho sins, though, he will wait till you can getheie.
The wild game they had killed is all at the place where
they were wainped", besides eight of their hoi&os<.
I shall send woid to Majoi Thomas tins morning, and if
tlicy attempt to come on the reseive, there willbe a general
breaking of the icserve, and war to the knife along the
bolder ot' the whole State.
llow this tiling will terminate, I do not know; but I shall
try and keep the Indians on the reserve until jou can get
here.
Respectfully, J. J. STURM,
JFarmer for lira:oi Reserve.
P Koss, Esq., special agent Texas Indians, Waco, Texas.
P. S. One Indian killed is a nephew of Jose, the same
Indian who went with Charles liarnaid to the upper agency.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, in justice to
the authorities of Texas, it ought to be slated that
the Governor issued his proclamation for the arrest
of the parties who were engaged in that massacre,
in. order to bring them to justicc and punish them
for their crime. That letter was dated, I believe,
in December, 1858. It turned out that a person
calling; himself Captain Baylor, with a company
under his command, assumed the responsibility
of the act, and justified his conduct in a publica-
tion in the newspapers. Witnesses were sent be-
fore the grand jury;but instead of the grand jury
indicting Captain Baylor and his company; in-
stead of indicting the perpetrators of these mur-
ders and outrages, they indicted an old Indian for
stealing a mule, which, the Indian agent says, he
was innocent of.
Since that time these Indians have been removed,
and that source of difficulty, to some extent, taken
away; butithasleftitsconsequencesbehind. But
I will ask the attention of the committee to another
fact. After these Indians, in June, 1859, had
been removed, and a new reservation had been
leased from the Cherokees, I believe, under the
direction of Superintendent Neighbors, when Su-
perintendent Neighbors returned to Texas he was
murdered, and, in the opinion of the Indian agent
at that point, out of revenge for the part he had
taken in protecting the Indians against the depre-
dations of lawless men on the borders; and it is
worthy of remark that, as far as my information
goes, no indictment has ever been made of the
murderers of Superintendent Neighbors, although
the murder was committed in open day, upon a
public street.
I call the attention of the committee to these
facts for the purpose of saying that they show the
temper of the people upon the borders; and they
show another thing: they show that the Indians
need protection as well as the whites. What you
want is peace upon the borders; what you want
are forces that will protect the white settlers—the
women and children and innocent men—against
the Indians, or against those who commit depreda-
tions in the disguise of Indians; and which shall
also be equally ready to protect the Indians against
the depredations of white men'upon the borders;
for these facts show that there are lawless men
upon the borders, who are in the habit of com-
mitting depredations and stirring up hostilities
with the neighboring Indians.
The proposition, 1 repeat, to this committee, is
now that the company of Captain Baylor, and
those who sympathize with him in these depre-
dations, outrages, and murders, shall bo consti-
tuted as suitable guardians of the public peace.
In my opinion, they are not suitable policemen to
protect the people, on the frontier—Indians and
whites—and to preserve the peace. I take it for
granted that, if there is to be a regiment of mounted
rangers raised upon the Texas border, these men
who have been guilty of these outrages are the
very men who will be the first to volunteer to fill
up the regiment; and they willbe the men to con-
trol its action, for> mark you, the colonel is to be
elected by the regiment, and there is to be no sub-
stantial control over the men who arc to constitute
this regiment, upon the part of the authorities of
the Government. If you arc to have that descrip-
tion of force raised for the protection of the fron-
tier, you will, m fact, take into the pay of the
United States those very men who have been
committing depredations upon the Indians.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I, for one, am not disposed
to raise that regiment; because, mainly, that in
my judgment it is not the kind of force which
peace upon the border demands. That depreda-
tions have been committed by the Camanches, by
the Navajoes, and perhaps by the Kioways, upon
the frontiers of Texas, there is no doubt. The
cause of the present difficulties is not disclosed.
Whether there have been any recent outrages or
not, no man knows. We have no recent inform-
ation upon the subject.
Now, sir, it is evident that there arc only two
ways in which you can preserve peace upon your
borders. If it is the purpose of the House to ex-
terminate the Indians, evidently this Texas regi-
ment of mounted rangers is precisely the force to
accomplish that object.
It is complained,! know, by gentlemen who are
in favor of this Texas regiment, that the regular
cavalry is not the kind of force adapted to this
Indian service; that they are not qualified to fol-
low the Indians into their fastnesses in the mount-
ains, that the border population is the most effi-
cient force to protect the frontier. I have no ques-
tion about its efficiency. The only question is as
to whether its efficiency would not be too great;
whether you will not, by raising such a force, in
fact provide for waging a war of extermination
upon peaceable and defenseless Indians upon the
borders? Iam prepared to do no such thing.
But, sir, I do desire that upon the borders of
Texas as well as upon the borders of New Mex-
ico, and anywhere else upon the border there
shall be an efficient force for the preservation of
the peace.
My proposition is this: we have ten regiments
ofinfantry. Thatinfantry is perfectly useless for
the purpose of protecting the frontier. There are
now in Texas some twenty-six hundred troops,
perhaps a majority of them infantry. But that
description of force is not sufficient. Now, sir,
I shall propose, when the proper time comes, to
substitute for the amendment of the Senate, a
substitute authorizing the Secretary of War to
turn two regiments of infantry into regiments of
cavalry. Put them upon that frontier; train t^em
to the habits of Indian warfare; keep them upon
that frontier; have them mounted upon the best
horses which can be found; and, sir, the purpose
of protection we have in view will be subserved.
We may take a regiment of the artillery—and
there are four regiments of artillery—or take a
regiment of some other arm of the service; at all
events, take a force that is not imbued with a feel-
ing of hostility against ^e Indians. I think that
it is likely that that force would not slay as many
Indians; but I do think that it would preserve
peace upon the borders. To prevent depredations
upon the Indians, as well as upon the whites, you
ought to have a force of regular troops, under the
command of officers of the United States Army,
not sympathizing with the border population who
have been engaged in this Indian warfare for years
past.
I propose, when debate is closed upon this sub-
ject, and the time for amendment has arrived, to
submit an amendment, accompanying it with an
estimate, for mounting two regiments of infantry
if the WarDepartmentdeemit necessary. Itwill
add something to the expense of the Department
undoubtedly; but the expense would be far les*;
than to raise a regiment of mounted volunteers. I
am anxious to afford protection to these settlers.
I know that it is said in reply, that this Texas
regiment of volunteers can be raised more speed-
ily; that you cannot convert infantry into cavalry
in time to afford that immediate protection that
the citizens of the Texas frontier demand. In
answer to that I have to say that it seems fo me
that the Texas force, in the capacity of State
troops, State volunteers, under command of the
State authorities, and already in the field, added
to the regular force now m the State of Texas, is
adequate to the protection of the frontier there. I
think itwill be as sufficient,and will afford equally
as much protection in the capacity of State troops
as they would as mounted volunteers employed
by the United States. We will have to pay for
those troops, I have no doubt. We donotexpect
of Texas to support the existence of this war
without being reimbursed, because the Govern-
menthas recognized its obligation to pay for troops
raised to repel Indian hostilities.
My plan, as 1 have said, is this: leave in the
State of Texas—in the military department of
Texas—the troops that are now there. Let the
Stateof Texas maintain, for the present, tlie force
she has now in the field. Let the frontier be pro-
tected by that force until time will enable the War
Department to convert infantry regiments into
cavalry, to take its place.
I have thus, very briefly and very hastily, con-
densed my objections to this Texas regiment prop-
osition, and my opposition to the Senate amend-
ment. I have not spent any more time on the
subject than was necessary to present my views.
Knowing that the gentlemen from Texas are de-
sirous of having all the time they can to present
their views, I will not occupy the attention of the
committee any longer.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs reported this amendment of the Sen-
ate originally, with the recommendation that the
House should not concur in it. Since then, my
friend from Iowa [Mr. Curtis] has changed his
mind on the subject on the authority of a com-
munication that has been recently received from
the War Department; and I deem it due to the
gentleman to say that the Committee on Military
Affairs,on several votes, has been equally divided
as to the propriety of raising this regiment.
Mr. CURTIS. I believe that I have only ten
minutes to reply to the gentleman from Ohio. I
do not wish to occupy the time of the committee
longer than is necessary.
T*he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman hasan hour.
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, I want to place
myself right in regard to this matter, and then I
want to say something on the merits of the main
question. It is true, that early in the session, I in-
troduced a resolution calling upon the President
of the United States to inform Congress as to what
had been done to protect the frontier of Texas.
It is well known by gentlemen here that we had
incipient war, not only with Indians, but with
Mexico also; and I did suppose then that it was
necessary to call out sufficient and ample force to
allay the strife and prevent the prolonged difficulty
which had commenced. Finally we had a long
communication from the Secretary of War—not
telling us exactly what he wanted—but giving us
