1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
a misapprehension of some of the rao.:l distinguished men
that this country ha-* ever produced, as to the form of gov-
ernment under which we are Jiving."
I am not going to repeat the illustration of that
which the honorable Senator gave, 'because I
think, as the honorable Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] said of me, that that was a sug-
gestion which came rather from his wit than his
judgment. But, sir, there is great truth in it.
There is a misapprehension, and a great and fun-
damental misapprehension, as to the character of
the Government under which we live, by many
of die first men of this country, or that think them-
selves so. I gather the evidence of that fact from
the flippant manner in which I hear disunion
talked of, and threatened and referred to tfverand
over and over again, as familiarly as any of the
ordinary transactions of daily life. That is noth-
ing new. It is old. Why, sir, since I have had
the honor of a seat on this floor, I have actually
heard it declared, that if the Senate did not take
up bill No. 85, instead o-f bill No. 35, serious con-
sequences would ensue to this Union. Yes, sir,
the duration of this great and gigantic Govern-
ment depended on the order in which the Senate
went to its business on the Calendar. I have heard
that on this floor, and it has got to bo constantly
referred to as one of the things that is very likely
to happen, and to happen very soon; and gentle-
men speak of it as an occurrence that is neither
to be very seriously deprecated, nor that is to
excite any very serious consequences, and it is
intimated that if the Union was dissolved, these
gentlemen could make a better one to-morrow.
That is substantially the spirit in which this Union
is spoken of, and has been here during this whole
session in this body and in the other. I do not,
of course, pretend to quote words. Therefore, I
tlunk, with the honorable Senator from Texas,
that there is a very great misapprehension as to the
character of this Government. What is this Gov-
ernment? What is this Union? a thing of to-day?
Did it spring up in the night like Jonah's gourd,
and is it to perish with the morning's sun? Is it
one of those ephemeral creations which spring up
without cause, and endure for a given time and
pass away, and leave no mark on 4he history of
ages? Is that the character of our Government?
It woutyi seem so; and there was great propriety
in the remark which fell from the honorable Sen-
ator from Texas, thatgentlemcn do misapprehend
it. What is it? Why, sir, the imagination of man
cannot compass it. I look upon this Government
and this Union and this Constitution as the con-
summation of the education of the race by a be-
niiicent Piovidence through all the ages that are
past. I look upon this Government to-day, occu-
pying that little spaec called the present, between
the eternities of the past and the future, and living
to-day as the result of all the past. I look upon
it, sir, as a consummation which a good God, by
six thousand vearsof discipline, has brought hu-
manity to. riook upon it as the result and the
fruit o'f all the past. 1 do not believe that there
has over been a battle field, m which the banner
of liberty has been unfurled and the friends of
liberty have fought, whether equal or adverse for-
tunes have been their destiny, but what we are
to-day living in the enjoyment of the conse-
quences resulting in part from that combat. No,
sir, in all the bloody past, not a scaffold upon
which the patriot has poured out his blood, ncta
sacrifice thatpatriotism has ever made, not aprayer
that piety has ever breathed, that is not exerting
its influence to-day in the civil and political con-
dition of this people. Sir, the history of the
world has been full of revolutions. Ours was the
Revolution. Ours was the culmination of that
Christianity whose first public lesson was deliv-
erance to the captive, and the openingof the prison-
doors to the bound.
That, sir, is our situation. That is our Govern-
ment. Other nations have had revolutions. Borno
down by the intolerable weight of oppression,
they have risen in the energy of despair, and
thrown off one tyrant only that another might
come and take his place; and it would seem asif,
in all the past, m the history of human govern-
ment, in the history of the great efforts that had
been made for the installation of human liberty in
organized forms of government, nothing but fail-
ure had been the history of mankind; and that at
last, in the fullness of time, when the purposes of
Divine benevolence were to be tried, to solve, for
the last time the problem, whether man was ca-
pable of self-government, the eye of science dis-
covered, in the solitudes of ocean, this continent
to which our Pilgrim Fathers came, that, removed
from the temptations and trials of the Old World,
they might here on permanent and stable founda-
tions, lay another foundation of the temple of
Liberty .and rear upon it its superstructure, where
the victims of oppression from all the earth might
enter and be at rest. Ay, sir, and on their bat-
tle fields they lighted the beacon fires of liberty
which now shine to lighten the victims of despot-
ism the world over. You propose now to put out
these everlasting lights which your fathers light-
ed. You propose to let darkness rest upon the
prospect of thisglorious Union, and think that to-
morrow you can rear a better structure, and send
out a more benign influence to the nations than
your fathers have done before you!
I am not of that way of thinking; I do not be-
lieve a word of it; and I will say here what I have
said to my people at home, that if I did not be-
lieve that the great massof this people understood
the natuie of their Government better, had more
intelligence and more patriotism than the men
whom they have sent to represent them—1 speak
not of the present, but as a general fact—if the in-
telligence, and integrity, and virtue of the great
mass of this people did not exceed that of the
Government, I should despair of the duration of
this Union; I should think that it would dissolve,
and that it ought to be dissolved.
Now, sir, in regard to this territorial question:
suppose that the General Government, by its ac-
tion, were to declare that there should not be a
slave on the territory belonging to the United
States, you say that would be cause of dissolu-
tion. That was just exactly the Union which our
fathers made for us; just exactly the compact
which they enacted before the Constitution was
formed.; and this was done under the lead of a
man whose opinions, it is said, were of such a
character, that it is audacity in those of us who
sit on this side of the Chamber, to claim him as
being of our faith. Before-I go to this territorial
question. I want to say a few words as to Jeffer-
son's opinions; and upon this point we are not
compelled to grope in the dark. I know that an
honorable Senator from Georgia, the one to whom
I have been replying, has quoted once, and more
than once, on a former occasion, a letter of Mr.
Jefferson, written to Mr. Holmes; and in the
speech of the honorable Senator, with reference
to that, he uses language which I will quote.
The honorable Senator says, speaking of Mr.
Jefferson:
Jefferson was alive whrn the eighth section of the act
of 1020 \va ■ befote the Ameucan Cungref a. lie spoke for
himself. In the face of your constant declaiations—cold,
calculating. willful misrepresentations of him—heir him
speak for himself. T thunder it in your ear-;. ( would to
God my voice could reach those whom, you deceive and
betray."
The honorable Senator has a powerful voice:
mine is but a feeble one; but I will lend him my
voice to aid him; and I would that I could thun-
der tins letter into the ears of every man, woman,
and child in this country. I did not know, from
hearing this letter so often referred to, but that
there might be something in it that would he
found to be inconsistent with the early faith of Mr.
Jefferson. It was written in 1820. He was then
seventy-seven years old—threescore and ten,and
past: and that fourscore which the inspired pen-
man tells us is feebleness, he had long entered
upon; and I did not know but that there might
have been something, when the evening shadows
of life were upon him, that might have been in-
consistent with his early faith; and I had determ-
ined, if it were so, upon this line of argument: 1
would have said, I will take the Jefferson of the
Revolution; I will take him in the morning of his
life, in the maturity of his manhood; 1 will take
him as the apostle and prophet of the Revolution;
I will listen to him as he stood like the prophet
on the mount, catching the electric fire of heaven
and pouring it out in articulate thunder in the ears
of an astonished world, in the sublime truths of
the Declaration of American Independence. But
when X came to look at this letter, I found that
his fire had not grown dim. The same sentiments
which had animated him in his earliest days, the
same sentiments which were the guiding policy
of his administration as President of the United
States, still shone forth in this famous letter to
John Holmes, which the honorable Senator-wants
to thunder so far. 1 do not think that thunder
would alarm anybody—certainly not on this side
of the Chamber. I will read an extract from that
letter. What Jefferson was against, in this letter
to John Holmes, was a geographical line; but he
exhibited the same hostility to slavery that he
ever manifested. Let me read his letter:
"A gcogiaphical line, coinciding with a marked princi-
ple, moral and political, once conceived and held up to the
angry passions of men, will never be obliterated; and every
new irritation will maili it deeper and deeper. I can say,
with conscious truth,that there is not a man on earth who
would sacrifice more than i would to relieve us from this
heavy reproach, in any -practicable way. Tile cession of
that kind of propeity, for so it is misnamed"—
It is misnamed property, says Jefferson in this
letter,
—is a bagatelle which would not cost me a second thought,
if, in that way, a general emancipation and expatriation
could he effected ; and gradually, aut| with due sacrifices,
I think it might be." ♦
' There are the sentiments of Jefferson, in 1820,
when ho was seventy-seven years old. Talk, said
Jefferson, about property in slaves; it is a mis-
nomer. The purpose of his heart is that a gen-
eral emancipation and expatriation may take place.
That was the language of Jefferson in 1820. We
all know what Jefferson's sentiments were when
he penned the Declaration of Independence. It
did not read there that "all white men are cre-
ated "so and so; but "all men." "Wehold these
truths to be self-evident." They were not capa-
ble of demonstration; they were not the result of
any previous premises or positions; they were
eternal, self-evident axioms, that were not to be
argued; and those were, that all men were en-
dowed by their Creator with the inalienable right
to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Jef-
ferson did not base the right of man to liberty on
anything that had been said by anybody; on any
essay that had been written; on any battle that
had been fought; on any theory of philosophy
that had been broached; he stopped nothing short
of the throne of God, and declared that all men
were entitled to the right of life and liberty, be-
cause they were endowed with that right by their
Creator.
What were his sentiments afterwards? The
war of the Revolution was over. Victory had
crowned his efforts; he had penned this Declara-
tion, and he said he had pledged his life and for-
tune and honor to the maintenance and vindication
of the sentiments which had there been avowed.
Peace took place in'1783. In 1784 we find Jef-
ferson in Congress, and one of " acommittee con-
sisting of Mr. Jefferson, of Virginia, Mr. Chase,
of Maryland, and Mr. Howell, of Rhode Island,
to submit to Congress a plan for the temporary
government of the western territory, "andhe says
that " the territory ceded or to he ceded," all that
wo have got, all that we shall acquire hereafter,
"shall be governed" by a certain ordinance which
they reported, and among its provisions was that
after the year 1800, of the Christian era, there
should bo neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude in any of the States thatwere to bo madeout
j of this territory. That was the position of Jef-
ferson in 1784. It is said that he did not embody
these views in the Constitution. Well, sir, we
find him subsequently as President of the United
States, and whatdid lie do then ? Remember that
the ordinance of 1787 had been reaffirmed by the
first Congress that assembled under the Constitu-
tion, George Washington himself being the Pres-
ident of the United States, and it was approved
by him. In 1805, the Territory of Michigan was
formed by a law entitled "An act to divide the
Indiana Territory into two separate govern-
ments;" and the second section is as follows:
"There shall be established within the said Territory, a
government in all respects similar to that provided by the
ordinance of Congress passed on the 13th day of J uly, 1787,
for the government of the territory of the United States
northwest of the river Ohio.''—Statutes at Large, vol. 2, p.
309.
Jefferson, on the 11th January, 1805, approved
that anti-slavery ordinance. In the same volume,
!i on page 515, is to be found another act, bearing
| also the approval of Mr. Jefferson, of February
3,1809. xhat was an act for dividing the Indiana
Territory into two separate governments, and eon-
, stituting the Territory of Illinois; and m the sec-
: ond section of the act there was the same provis-
.; ion:
I! •' Sec. 2. Jlrti he it further enacted, That there shall be
i; established within the said Territory a government tu ail
