1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
information of a large number of outrages which
«liad been committed by the Indians," the Caman-
ches—the everlasting foe of the white man, and
who forever make war upon Texas and New Mex-
ico, and that section of the country. There is no
particular time or manner of their assault. They
are thieves and robbers; and to pursue their avo-
cation they go mounted, chasing the buffalo upon
the plains, and making forays on the bordersettle-
ments, carrying away captives and spoils. They
are the enemies of the white men in Texas, and
-the white men everywhere, at all times and in all
places.
Wow, Mr. Chairman, when the question came
up, as it did, subsequently, to raise a regiment
of Texas volunteers, the Committee on Military
Affairs again inquired into the necessity for that
force, and it was not until a few days ago that the
Secretary of War clearly and explicitly defined
his position on this subject. It is after he says
this regiment is " essential " to the protection of
the lives and property of the people of the frontier,
that I have, as I stated I would on another occa-
sion, voted in favor of raising that regiment.
What is Texas ? In area a great empire, here-
after destined to be subdivided into three or four
States. It has a vast frontier—a frontier of some
eight hundred miles in length. It is bounded upon
one side by Mexico and upon the other by the
. Camanclic and other hostile tribes of Indians.
You have elected to bring that State into the Con-
federacy, and the people of that State are now
part and parcel of ourselves. We voted not only
to bring them into the Confederacy, but we also
went into a war to conquer a portion of their
country.
I have heard it statedbygentlemenfromTexas
that they themselves protected themselves against
Indian hostilities before they came intotheUnion.
I must say, in reply to that, that the United States
drove from their lands the Mexicans who had
peaceable possession of the frontier. That coun-
try was conquered by the United States. The
Mexicans were in possession of it when our troops
went there. They heldPointIsabel,FortBrown,
and other important points; and when General
Taylor went to that frontier he met the hostile
Mexican army in two great battles, at Palo Alto
and Resaca de la Palma. Those battles, you will
recollect, were fought upon the Texas frontier,
and fought for the purpose of securing and ob-
taining that territoiy as a part of the territory of
the United States. Now, sir, Texas is ours, and
we must protect her. Her people are our people.
They are bone of our bone, flesh of our flesh.
The reports of our officers show that sixty or sev-
enty men, women, and children have been mur-
dered by these hostile Indians within the last
three or four months, and every mail brings news
of more disasters. That people come here and
ask Congress for adequate protection.
The exigency is not to be regarded as one of
dollars and cents. It is not a question of money.
It is a question of life and death. It is a question
whether you will protect that frontier;'whether
you will protcct your own people—your own
brethren and kindred, their houses, homes, and
firesides; whether you will arm the Government
with the power it says is necessary to secure peace
for that frontier? It seems to me that we are
driven to the logical necessity—those who have
the sympathy of the frontier and their own people
in their hearts, and understand the dangers and
difficulties of the frontier life, must see 110 way of
excusing a refusal to allow the Department the
means for the protection of the frontier, the out-
rages being thus officially certified, and the proper
Department saying this regiment is " essentially
■ necessary,"—it seems to me we are logically con-
cluded, and must sustain the amendment pre-
sented by the Senate.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio has
said that Utah is equally exposed to the depre-
dations of these same Indians, and his remarks
would lead the House to suppose that that coun-
try has been entirely free from Indian hostilities.
The gentleman is very much mistaken. Those
Camanches are separated from Utah by two great
ranges of mountains. They are hundreds of miles
from Utah settlements. I do not suppose there
ever was a Camanche Indian in the Utah valley.
At any rate, their depredations do not extend
in that direction. They—the people of Utah
are protected on the other side from the depre-
dations of the powerful tribes of Indians by other
ranges of mountains. I ask, how then are the
people of Utah exposed to these same depreda-
tions ? How can the gentleman say that Utah
has been entirely free from Indian hostilities,
when only a few days ago, acting as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, he brought
in a bill to pay §50,000 to the people of Utah for
expenses incurred in defending themselves from
the Indians?
Mr. STANTON. I said they had not been
subjected to Indian hostilities for seven years.
Mr. CURTIS. I would ask the geritlcman
where it was that Gunnison and his party were
slaughtered ? Was it not in Utah?
Mr. STANTON. I referred to depredations
committed in 1853.
Mr. CURTIS. But I am speaking of more re-
cent depredations. If you go back to 1853, why
not come forward to a more recentdate, when our
citizens were slaughtered in the vicinity of Utah?
I point you to the Mountain Meadows, where
you may see the whitened bones of your fellow-
citizens and my fellow-citizens, who were slaugh-
tered upon the frontiers of Utah, and I ask you
if the people of the Mormon frontier will not rise
in judgment against you ? I think, to say tho
least, that the compliment to Utah was far-fetched.
We know that depredations have been committed
upon our passing emigrant trains, and that fron-
tier is equally exposed, especially the southern
portion of it, and hence there is no occasion for
tho compliment at the expense of Texas.
But the question isy how will you protect that
Texas frontier? I cannot concur with the gentle-
man in the supposition that the people of this
country will take the particular acts of aggression
of particular men in Texas as excusing the hos-
tilities of these Indian tribes. It is true, as the
gentleman says, that some murders have been
committed in Texas, and they have been commit-
ted upon Indians. It is true, also, as he said, that
there was a reservation there from which the
Indians have been driven out. Every man ac-
quainted with the settlement of his own State
will recollect the hostilities existing between the
whites and the Indians. How do you suppose
you can always restrain all the whites from law-
less acts against such hostile neighbors as Indians
always are ?
But do the acts of any individual or individuals
justify us in ncglecting to protect peaceful citizens?
Would gentlemen read the report of crimes com-
mitted in New York, Baltimore, and Philadelphia,
and upon the hypothesis of the existence of such
crimes justify outrages committed upon peaceful
citizens in those States ? I know there have been
lawless acts committed in Texas; but they have
nothing to do with this subject, except it may be to
show the danger of retaliation, and therefore the
need of protection. Those who have committed
such acts of violence have been denounced; and
some efforts have been made to punish what has
been always deprecated by the great body of the
people. If exact justice has no! been done, it is
no new thing in the history of old States, when
the people have been exasperated against Indian,s.
Now, sir, the people of Texas, like all other
people of this country, are deserving of your kind*
regard and protection. They are made up of in-
dividuals from all portions of the Union, lknow,
from personal knowledge, that there are many
there from the State of Ohio—the State the hon-
orable gentleman represents—and many from
every New England State, and from all parts of
the world. I know, too, they have carried with
them the feelings, and principles, and religion,
i taught them in their infancy. I know there are
1 a fe°w lawless men among them, who are deserv-
! ing of the severest punishment which the law pro-
, vides for their misconduct. But I tell you that
! the people of that country are like your own
I neighbors, and are your own brethren and kin-
I dred, who require particular attention and pro-
j teetion, because of the vast frontier of their State,
] and especially because they are brought in antag-
1 onism with the most fearless and warlike tribes
i we have upon our continent.
j Prom the reports, 1 am convinced that there is
• a great increase of the amount of transgression
! upon the part of the Camanches within the last
! few months. If I did not think so, I would not go
| for this regiment. I do not like to increase the
! Army of the United States; and I do not consider
this proposition in that, light. In fact, it is initi-
ating a corps of volunteers, who may be used to
prevent an increase of the standing Army—vol-
unteers who cannot, under the law, remain in the
service more than eighteen months, and who,
probably, will not remain in the service for more
than six months. They will be inolined to go out
of the scrvice as soon as the occasion for their
service is removed. Of course, it is only the ne-
cessity and exigency of the case that we can urge
to justify ourselves for calling for these mounted
troops. Does not that exigency exist? It is true,
as the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has stated, that we have a considerable
force in the Army of the United States; but it is
also true, that that force is not available in Texas.
You cannot bring these forces, now in the remote
portions of the country, into Texas within six-
teen or eighteen months. You cannot, within
available time, bring the forces in California or in
Utah to bear upon Texas, nor any other portion
of that army except the twenty-six hundred troops
now there; and, as the gentleman from Ohio says,
a great portion of that force is infantry, and there-
fore unqualified to pursue and chastise these In-
dians.
The honorable chairman of the committee pro-
poses that two regiments of infantry shall be
changed into cavalry or mounted troops. 1 am
in favor of that kind of reconstruction of our
Army; but I tell the gentleman that cannot be
done, so as to afford the relief here demanded. If
you take an infantry regiment, now in the field,
and undertake to train them to the cavalry ser-
vice, you will have to learn old men how to ride
horses for the first time. If you can do that m
six months, you will be a better drill-officer than
I believe you to be. You cannot bring them into
service in a reasonable time; and you need imme-
diate service there, or none at all. An infantry
regiment cannot be immediately transformed into
cavalry. That is very well; but it will require
more time than you would at first suppose. Tho
language of the Secretary is:
" Thi* regiment is essentially necessary to the protection
of that frontier;"
or words to that effect. Who ought to know
about these things? The Commander-in-Chief of
the Army of the United States, and his advising
officer, the Secretary of War. He has no predi-
j lection—as you and I know—for volunteers, and
1 tho whole inclination of the Secretary of War is
to exclude and preclude this kind of troops. They
dechncd volunteers when offered for the Utah
expedition, and would not recommend such a
character of force now, unless demanded by im-
perious necessity.
I11 view of these circumstances, I say this is
raising only a temporary force; and how can you
refuse it for the protection of tho frontier ofTexas ?
The gentleman from Ohio says that this infantry
forcc about which he speaks would be a very safe
and secure force, because it would be under the
command of regular officers of the United States.
The regiment here proposed to be raised would
also be under the command of the general officer
having charge of that military department. He
can divide or concentrate them, as he sees fit. I
do not see how they could be reserved and em-
ployed in the execution of these outrageous acts,
as the gentleman imagines. They would have to
act under the rules and articles of war; and, accord-
ing to the gentleman'sown showing, there are now
some six or eight companies in the service who
are not under the control of the rules and articles
of war.
You have there six or eight companies whom,
as the chairman says, you are obliged to pay. A
regiment will comprise ten companies. The dif-
ference, therefore, is but small. You place these
forces under the control of the rules and articles
of war, and also biing them under the control of
the commanding general of the Army. Is it not
bettor, then, that they should come under these
rules and restraints than remain, as they now are,
outside of such rules, when they can commit all
the outrages the gentleman imagines without re-
dress. The gentleman's own argument shows the
necessity of organizing, enrolling, and restrain-
ing this force, which is all Texas seems to ask.
He says the Government will have to pay for it
ultimately. If so, then I say bring them under
rules and regulations, by appropriating the neces-
sary means, and putting in the discretion of the
