THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
President of the United States the power to bring
them within proper discipline.
The gentleman from Ohio says that we want
peace on the borders. Why, of course, peace is
the object of all military organizations. Peace is
the object of Government; peace is the object of
our Army; peace is the objectof our people; peace
is what the people of Texas want, and what I
would earnestly desire to secure to them. If the
people of Texas had a lawless, blood-thirsty anxi-
ety for the extermination of the race of Indians,
what is to prevent them from falling on the races
of red men all around them ? On the contrary,
these very difficulties that have occurred have
exasperated the Indians and thewhite men; and,
therefore, there is the more necessity for this mil-
itary force to prevent future outrages on the "whites
as well as on the Indians, as the gentleman from
Ohio says. If you arc to send a military force
into the country, you must not send a mere po-
lice, which carries no terror with it; from which
the Indians would apprehend no danger; but you
must send a force that will carry terror into the
hearts of the Indians. "They dread the Texas
rangers, because these rangers are good horse-
men, and can chase and follow them into their
own fastnesses. They alone are a terror to the
Camanches, and hence the propriety of calling out
such a regiment. Mounted men are wanted there
now; at least such is the showing of the President
and Secretary of War. I have had no corre-
spondence with these officers; I have had no per-
sonal communication with them; but I take their
written statements, and on these I say that this
force is shown to be absolutely necessary. From
these premises, the logical conclusion is forced
upon me that this force is necessary to protect
ourfellow-citizcnsfrom the blood-thirsty and fero-
cious tribes of Indians who surround them.
I say, therefore, that I stand ready to vote for
this appropriation, leaving the matter in the hands
of thcexecutive department todetermine whether
it is necessary to bring them into the field. If, as
I say,yourpresent military force be not adequate,
or not properly mounted and armed, the Execu-
tive can bring this force into the field; and I take
it for granted the President will not do so unless
it is absolutely necessary, Ifit be necessary, the
sooner it is brought into the field the better for
Texas, and the better for us; for it is always the
part of wisdom to execute military purposes with
activity and power.
One word more, Mr. Chairman. There is, it is
said, a spcck of war in the South. I have no par-
ticipation in the arrangements and combinations
which gentlemen say are going on in that region.
I do not sympathize with them. 1 disclaim all
attempts directly or indirectly 011 the part of the
Government, or of the people of the country, to
stir up broils and animosities and difficulties with
our friends on the other side of the Ilio Grande,
and on the other side of the Gulf of Mexico. As
the gentleman from Ohio says, we want peace; we
want peace at home, and we want peace abroad.
But if it be the purpose of many to bring hos-
tilities 011 us; if it be the determination of our
Navy and of our frontier rangers to bring about
hostilities between our country and others, we
are bound to have the necessary force to quell it,
and to do so immediately. To keep the peacc,
you must have force ready to maintain it.
The gentleman from Ohio says that the Texan
force is not the right kind. I believe it is. I have
no idea that the people of Texas desire war with
Mexico. They have got territory enough of their
own, and have no desire to carry the war into
Mexico. I do not know this from my own per-
sonal observation, but from the circumstances of
their position. Along the Rio Grande there is
still a very large Mexican settlement, which the
Texans themselves cannot control. Why should
they desire more of the same kind of population?
1 do not believe they do; and therefore I take it
for granted that the Texans themselves only want
peacc. They want to have this regiment to main-
tain their rights, and defend them against these
outrages. Instead of being desirous to carry on
a war of extermination, they are desirous of se-
curing peace 011 the border and the development
of their resources. Your fillibusters are not in
Texas; they are nearer the capital of the United
States.
They know, and you and I know, that, in order
to secure tranquillity, you must chastise the In-
dians. You must do it immediately after they
transgress. You must do it effectually. You
must do it by a force that will terrify them. You
cannot do it with the arm of peace. You must
do it atjthe cannon's mouth. Yo\\have got to
chastise these Indians; and the kind of force best
calculated to do that, the most efficient, is the
most certain to put an end to all these difficulties,
and to secure that peace which it is the duty of
Congress and of the Government to secure to the
people of the country. I hope, sir, for these rea-
sons, no party in the House, no portion of this
Congress, will hesitate to give the force which is
adequate to protect every section of the country.
We must, to a great extent, leave it to the discre-
tion of the executive department to determine the
kind and quantity of force necessary to protect
the frontier. The Executive has stated that this
regiment is essentially necessary; and therefore,
for one, I am prepared to vote in favor of the ap-
propriation.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Chairman, the position
occupied by this proposition to appropriate money
for raising a Texas regiment is possibly such as
that, within the time allotted to me under the rules
of the House, I shall not be able to present all the
facts that ought to be before the House for its
consideration in passing on the question. If I can
present the facts, however, in less than the time
allotted me, I shall do so. I propose to address
myself directly to the leading facts, which will ad-
vise the members of the House whether this regi-
ment ought or ought not to be brought into ser-
vice. I take it for granted *hat if the condition
of the country demands this service, if the dan-
gers to life and property in Texas are such that
the increase of force there is necessary to a proper
degree of protection it will be given.
In addition to the facts which it was my ori-
ginal purpose to present, I must endeavor to
answer, to some extent, the arguments presented
by the gentleman from Ohio against the raising of
this legimcnt.
1 solicit the attention of the House to the few
remarks I may have to submit upon this subjcct;
because, in the first place, it involves an expendi-
ture, as you have been advised by the chairman
of the Military Committee, of nearly one million
dollars, if the President should see fit to call out
the regiment and keep itin the field for the whole
period contemplated by this bill; and because the
chairman of the Military Committee, who will
necessarily be regarded by the House as m pos-
session of full information upon a question like
tins, has taken ground against the passage of the
bill, and his opposition is, of course, entitled to
great weight before the House, if his facts are
the facts which ought to control the action of the
House and cannot be successfully controverted
by a totally different set of facts, presented to the
enlightened judgment of the House, supported by
the most unquestionable documentary evidence.
In the first place, I desire it to be understood by
the House that they have, from the chairman of
the Committee 011 Military Affairs, had a refer-
ence to particular circumstanccs connected with
the Indian war on the frontier of Texas, isolated
and separated from the general course of that war,
vthieh was calculated to produce prejudice iu the
minds of those who heard the argument, not only
against the raising of this regiment for the defense
of the frontier of Texas, but also against the con-
duct of the people of Texas themselves.
Now, sir, if the conduct of any portion of the
people of Texas has been reprehensible; if it has
been lawless; if it has been wrong, they shall
have no defender in me before this House. But
if the committee will permit me, I will present
facts going to show, and which will fully show,
whether they have been acting in the wrong. And
in order to show this, I will have to refer to some,
past events for the purpose of coming to a cor-
rect understanding of the matter, for tile thing
has not been the work of a day or a year.
At the time when Texas was engaged in her
revolutionary war of independence, she became
involved in a long and general Indian war, ex-
tending along her entire frontier, which continued
not only during the war with Mexico, but up to
1843. With the exception of two or three small
bands within the limits of the then Republic, her
entire frontier was in a state of open war with the
Indians. Owing to the policy and perseverance
of the administration of the Texan government,
in 1843 the Indian war of Texas was brought to a
| close, and peace was established with most of the
Indian tribes. That peace continued until after
annexation. It continued for several years, until
after Texas had surrendered her nationality, and
had surrendered all control over her own means
of defense.
About 1853 Indian wars again broke out, not by
the acts of any citizens of Texas, but by maraud-
ing depredators and murderers among the Indians
themselves. Then it was that the Governor of
Texas, on account of the hostilities waged upon
the frontier by the Indians, anil on account of the
inadequacy of the forces in the service of the Uni-
ted States to the protection of that frontier, was
required, by the: exigency then existing, to call
into service a number of State troops for the pur-
pose of defending the frontier. The Indian war
went on,and increased in it3 magnitude,until, in
the fall of 1854, General Persifer F. Smith, then
in command of the Texas department, in view of
the pending hostilities, and in view of the insuf-
ficiency of the force stationed on the frontier for
its protection, called into the service six compa-
nies of State troops for the defense of her people.
This was, as I have said,in the fall of 1854. The
troops did efficient service. This was under the
administration of Governor Bell, of Texas. Addi-
tional forces were called out by Governor Bell, in
order to secure the lives and property of our cit- '
izens upon the frontier, during the two terms of his
administration.
Subsequently, duringthe administration ofGov-
ernor Pease, of that State, he found it necessary
repeatedly to call into service the State troops, to
defend the lives and property of our people. Yet,
although the State of Texas called these troops
into the field, and did it at her own expense, un-
der a pressure of the necessities of the frontier,
and under a conviction on the part of the Gov-
ernor that the service was indispensable, and also
under the direction of the legislative authority
of the State, she has never been reimbursed for the
moneys paid out by her, in any instance, since
1854, except in the case of the six companies
called into service by General Smith. And the
State, has repeatedly called out its troops, not
only under the administrations I have mentioned,
but also under the administration of Governor
Runnels, who, finding the aggressions of the In-
dians were increasing; that murders, thefts, and
robberies, on their part were on the increase; and
that the settlers 011 the frontier were continually
harassed by the Indians, found it necessary re-
peatedly to call into the field companies of the
State troops to aid the Federal troops in giving
protection to our people. This was done gener-
ally by the authority of the Legislature, who, with
the Governor, believed it to be necessary that they
should be called into service. Sir, the Federal
troops have not proved adequate to the protection
of trie lives and property of our frontier people;
and these three Governors successively have felt
themselves constrained to consider how far tho
Federal Government would approve their action
in calling out troops to aid those of the General
Government. They hesitated to go into any large
expenditure, for fear the Federal Government
would not reimburse them.
It was during the administration of Governor
Runnels that the act of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress was passed, on the 7th April, 1858, author-
izing the President to call into service three regi-
ments of mounted volunteers: one for the protec-
tion of the frontier of Texas, and the other two for
the protection of such of the other States and Ter-
ritories as the Piesident might deem necessary;
and they were to remain in the service for such
length of time as the President, in his judgment,
might think necessary, not to exceed eighteen
months. Tiie last Congress also, in view of the
facts to which I have briefly referred, passed a
bill appropriating the means to enable the Presi-
dent to call these three regiments into the service,
or such portion of them as he might deem neces-
sary. That bill went to the Senate, and failed
there. That left our frontiers still in a defenseless
condition. The then Governor of Texas involved
that State in debt, by making use of all the means
in his power to afford such protection as he could
to the frontier inhabitants.
The present Governor, General Houston,find-
ing the Indian hostilities increasing, felt it was
rendered necessary that he should still further in-
