344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
36th Cong.... 1st
Property in Territories—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
ment is confided the power and duty of protection
whenever necessary, and I would take the lan-
guage of this decision; it would be equally appro-
priate with that of the resolution—it is the duty of
the Government, to the extent of its powers, to
protect property in slaves in the Territories. The
Senator from Illinois says that if this is done, he
shall consider it a disunion movement, intendedfor
disunion; or whether so intended or not, that will
be its effect. He says that will be the result of de-
manding protection to constitutional rights in the
Territories, thus declared, thus decided to be con-
sonant with public law, and with your own Con-
stitution—dccided by every man upon your Su-
preme bench; for even the dissenting judges,
Judges McLean and Curtis, hold the doctrine that
the Territory is under the subjection of Congress,
under the Constitution. There was no difference
on that point; it was a unanimous judgment, in-
cluding Judges McLean and Curtis, as well as
the others, that Congress was bound to protect
constitutional rights in the Territories. Will this
doctrine dissolve the Union? I think not, sir. I
think it will stand more truth than is here de-
clared. I think that is under-estimating the power
of Government, and I do not think much of the
strength of bad government. If it were in its
last gasps, that would not hurt it; it might re-
vive it. As long as the Government does its duty
to the people, as long as it protects their rights
with all Us power at home and abroad, it will have
a strength that will give it immortality as long as
the earth stands. It is the seed, not of death, but
of life eternal on this earth. Justice does not over-
throw Governments. The protection of the lives
and liberties and fortunes of the people does not
overthrow Governments. It is a disregard of these
high duties that brings them into contempt, that
brings hate instead of love and reverence. A gov-
ernment true to its duty never yet went down by
the hands of its own people, and never will. .The
heathen may rage, and the people imagine vain
things; but the judge of all the earth will protect
the right, protect it in peace or in war, with the
aid of Government, if need be; without it, if need
be.
But, sir, if the dissolution of the Union bo the
cost of protection, I say, let it come, and the
sooner the better. As far as I am concerned, I will
support no Government that does notprotectmy
acknowledged constitutional rights to the extent
of its powers consistently with the safety of the
State. That is the price of my allegiance; and
when it ceases to perform that duty, I will do
what I can to build up new systems, better suited
to perform the great ends of all human govern-
ment, the protection of life, liberty, and property.
Now, 1 ask, docs the Senator from Illinois stand
up to his bargain ? IIis friends arid my friends
in Georgia are called upon to do it by Mr. Ste-
phens. Let us see. I will read from his Frceport
speech, made in 3850, as it is printed m a book
containing the debates of that canvass between
himself and his competitor. I suppose it is cor-
rcct. If it is not—and I hope it is not; for I never
saw that Freeport speech until within the last
forty days—I hope he will disavow it. He must
disavow it, to entitle himself to the support of the
country. My main objection, but not all my
objections, to that speech is contained m the fol-
lowing extracts, namely:
"The next question propounded to mo by Mr. Lincoln
is: can the people of a Territory, in any lawful way, against
the wishes ot any citizen of the United States, cxclude r-la-
very from their limits prior to the foimationol a State con-
stitution? J answer emphatically, as Mr. Lincoln hasheaul
me answer a hundred times, from every stump in Illinois,
that in my opinion the people of a 'JVrritoiy can, by lawful
means, exclude slavery fiom their limits prior to the forma-
tion of a State constitution. Mr. Lincoln knew that I had
answered that question, over and over again. lie hcaid nic
arguo the Nebraska bill on that principle all over the State
in J 854, in 1855, and in 185G. and he has no excuse for pre-
tending to be in doubt as to my position on that que-tion.
It mattets not what way the Supreme Court may hereafter
decide as to the abstract question, whether slavery may or
may not go into a Teriitory under the Constitution, the
people have the lawful means to introduce it or exclude  t,
as they please, for the reason that slaveiy cannot exist a
day or an hoar anywhere, unless it is supported by local
police regulations. Those police regulations can only be
established by the local Legislature ; and if the people are
opposed to slavery they will elect Representatives to that
body who will, by unfriendly legislation, eSecrually pre-
vent the introduction of it into their midst. If, on the con-
trary, they are for it, their legislation will favor its exten-
sion. Hence, no matter what the decision of the Supreme
Court may be on that abstract question, still the right of
the people to make a slave Territory or a free Tertitoiy is
perfect and complete under the Nebraska bill. I hope Mr.
Lincoln deems my answer satisfactory on that point."—
Debates of Lincoln and Douglas, p. 95.
"Well, if he did, he did not know its history. I do
not know the extent of Mr. Lincoln's information
on that point, though I had a slight and agreeable
acquaintance with him some years ago in the Thir-
tieth Congress. He has since strayed off into
bad company. [Laughter.] I have just shown
you that, in 1856, Mr. Douglas said that if we
had a right to gointo a Territory with our slaves,
there was no power on earth to put us out. Now
he says, " I do not care what the Supreme Court
decide, the people of the Territory can turn you
out anyhow;" and yet he calls upon us to redeem
our faith. Was that the bargain—" heads I win,
tails you lose?" [Laughter.] If the Supreme
Court decide for me, there is an end of it; if it de-
cides for you, that is not the end of it—unfriendly
legislation can come in. The Kansas-Nebraska
bill meant to refer it to the people, with an appeal
to the courts, and I will stand by that if the de-
cision is for mc, but if it is not, although I cannot
abolish slavery directly in the face of the court,
although I cannot do it by a bold, manly, direct
exercise of delegated legislative power, not even
by popular sovereignty, 1 can do it by craft and
cunning. Sir, that was not my bargain—nonhccc
federa venisti. I made no such bargain. I show
that he and I understood it alike at the time; we
have his cotemporancous exposition and mine,
and I stand by it to-day; and, in the language of
his friend and my friend, I call on him to stand
by the bargain. That is my answer. I have
asked for bread, and I have got a stone. I have
asked for protection to my rights, and I get " pop-
ular sovereignty." Sir, this is a question higher
than popular sovereignty, higher than a presi-
dential election. Under all this lies the greater
question, will the people do right against their
prejudices? I know not; -I had greater faith be-
fore I came here. I owe it to the country and to
truth to say, I have lost much of this faith. Re-
publican institutions cannot live without good
faith, obedience to law, and, above nil, to consti-
tutional obligations. The honorable Senator from
Illinois declares to his own constituents, thnt al-
though he bound them and himself to abide by the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States
as to the rights of my constituents in our common
Territories, yet, no matter how the court may de-
cide " on that abstract question, still the right of
the people to make a slave Territory is perfect
and complete under the Nebraska bill." I do not
believe Judge Douglas ever uttered this opinion.
Pascal's account of the teachings of the Jesuits is
respectable in morals in comparison with it. "With-
out good faith, without a free, frank compliance
with constitutional obligations, with solemn oaths,
republican government is a mockery and a snare.
Republican institutions must stand on good
faith m the men who administer them. We can
only swear them. To teach men to disregard a
Constitution, which they arc sworn to support, by
cavil, by craft, is as bad as by mental reserva-
tion. This is poisoning the fountain at its head,
and nothing but bitter waters can flow from it.
We swear judges; weswear Governors; we swear
legislators; wc swear jurors; but we cannot pun-
ish the miscreants who violate their oaths; and if
men in a Territory of the United States arc to be
taught that, by popular sovereignty, they can all
disregard their oaths, and refuse police regula-
tions, or anything else necessary and proper to
protect constitutional rights, and if any men can be
found base enough to follow such teachings, re-
publican institutions become impossible, and hon-
est men must look to new safeguards for their se-
curity and protection. The whole machinery of
our Government has no other sanction than that
men should obey their oaths. You could not put
either your executive, legislative, or judicial de-
partments in operation withoutit. The Constitu-
tion said you should have an Executive—how
would you get him, without a provision, first, by
law? That you should have a judiciary—how
would you get it without positive law? So ofthe
legislative. If non-action or unfriendly legisla-
tion was lawful, the worst men in the Republic
could have prevented your Government from ever
starting in that grand career which it has accom-
plished. Some clauses of our Constitution confer
powers which, may be exercised according to
wise discretion; others impose duties which no
man may disregard. Non-action, unfriendly le-
gislation, is treason to constitutional duty.
Suppose the people of a Territory show them-
selves unworthy of the performance of their duty, ♦
what shall I do? It is a very easy question. I
will pass no slave codes such as the Senator from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] wants. Why? Be-
cause among other things I should suppose that
men who would disregard the obligations of the
Constitution would disregard a law passed in pur-
suance of it. I do not see how that would help
the business in any way ^t all. I will do as was
done in Mr, Jefferson's time, and in Washington 'a
time, with the people of the Territories. If I find
the people in a Territory incapable of performing
their constitutional functions, I will take their gov-
ernment away from them and put it into hands that
will do their duty, and wait until honester and
better men go there before I give them permission
to perform the functions of government. That
was done under the ordinance of 1787; that was
done in Louisiana in 1803and 1804; that was done
with all the earlier territorial governments. When
people in a Territory become vicious, I would do
as wedid in 1856 with Kansas,and take the whole
business of governing themselves out of their
hands—take out of their hands the powers of gov-
ernment, because they will not obey the funda-
mental laws, and put them where they are safe.
If men sworn, to support the Constitution of their
fathers are faithless to the obligation, it is useless
to try them with other laws
This being my treatment of the case, I wholly
differ from the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Governor Brown,] who, when constitu-
tional right fails Jiim, resorts to the lower law.
1 saw the debate between him and the Senator
from Illinois last year with regret. It reminded
me of my early reading of that uninteresting sub-
ject of pleadings at common law. It struck me
that theie was a good deal of adroitness in the
way the case was put, but it was all to the advant-
age of the honorable Senator from Illinois. I
suppose it was purely accidental; but it seemed to
mc the Senator from Illinois very adroitly used
it to explain his Freeport speech. I noticed the
matter at the time, but felt no interest in it. There
was a good deal of adroitness in the Senator from
Illinoisin avoidingthetrueissuc; andifhe had had
the making of both sides, it could not have been
done better to his own advantage. It looked like
a feigned issue, as the common-law lawyers call
it, tho real paries and real interests not being in
the case. The question tried on that issue was
between non-intervention and a slave code;
whereas the real issue before the country was
between squatter sovereignty and constitutional
protection. Neither the Senator from Illinois nor
the Senator from Mississippi were on the real
issue. The country was against both squatter
sovereignty and a slave code, the special hobbies
of both Senators; and therefore neither of them
represented the real issues.
I am against both of your hobbies, and do not
choose that the great principle of protection shall
be entangled by your disputes. In your contest,
if it be a contest, I feel no interest, and do not
choose to be a party to the record. The issue
they present is between non-intervention (a good
thing, properly understood) and a slave code, (a
bad thing, no matter how understood.) The issue,
as made, is bad enough; but the pleadings, if pos-
sible, are worse. The Senator from Mississippi
first agreed himself out of his case, according to
the statement of his friend, and then clamored
for a law that would do him no good; and his
friend from Illinois clamored against a law that
would do him no harm. This strikes me as a
true statement of the case. I have been so much
annoyed by politics for some yeais past, that it
has very much interfered with my little early law
knowledge; but I think I c^n explain this even
to unprofessional persons.
The Senator from Mississippi made a speech
last Congress which attracted a good deal of pub-
lic attention. The Senator from Illinois, after
