766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
respects similar to that provided by the ordinance of Con-
gress, passed on tfye 13m day of July, 1787, for the govern-
ment of the territory of the United States noithvve&t of the
river Ohio."
A similar act was passed for the Territory of
Indiana, on the 7th of May, 1800, John Adams
being President. On the 20th of April, 1836, the
Territory of Wisconsin was organized, and ex-
actly the.same provision was put in that:
"That the inhabitants of the said Territory shall be en-
titled to, and enjoy, all and singular the rights, privileges,
and advantages granted and secured to the people ot the
territory of the United States northwest of the river Oh*o,
by the articles of the compact contained in the ordinance
tor the government of said Territory, passed on the 13th day
of July, 1787; and shall he subject to all the conditions and
restrictions and prohibitions in said articles of compact im-
posed upon the people of the said Territory."—Statuses at
Large, vol. 5, p. 15.
That act was passed on the 20th of April, 1836,
General Jackson being President of the united
States^and this Ras been the law that has been
in existence since the adoption of the Federal
Constitution, unchallenged by anybody, so far as
I know, and so far as I have been able to see, until
the famous decision in the Dred Scott case, or
rather until the repeal of the Missouri compromise
by the Nebraska bill, in 1854. This principle,
which the court decided to be unconstitutional,
was sanctioned by "Washington, by Jefferson, by
Adams, by Jackson; and I think you may look
atthe Journals of Congress m vain to find that,
in a single instance, any man ever questioned the
constitutionality of that legislation. Nay, sir, I
doubt, if you were to go through the insane asy-
lums of this land, whether, prior to 1854, you could
even find a patient in bedlam crazy enough to
question the constitutionality of the enactment of
this provision, which had been so quietly and so
uniformly incorporated into (he legislation of the
country, receiving the sanction of the names which
it docs upon the statutes which are now part of
the records of this Government; and I think it
required an extraordinary degree of arrogance and
presumption in the Supreme Court of the United
States to come forward, at this late day, and say
that all the fathers of the Republic; all the framcrs
of the Constitution; all the men who fought thfe
battles of liberty, and who laid the foundations
of our institutions, did not know anything about
what the Constitution meant, and that, in 1854,
for the first time, the true construction of the Con-
stitution on this subject was found out.
Sir, it is difficult to say what may be the result
of this controversy here, what may be the result
of its action before the tribunal of this Senate and
of the other House; but before that tribunal where
we must all stand, before that tribunal which pro-
nounces its edicts that nations as well as individ-
uals must obey, and that is the enlightened public
sentiment of the world, there ran be no shadow
of a doubt. If this fabric of our liberties i«j to fall
and become a shapeless mass of ruins, I desire to
vindicate the State which I in part represent, 1
desire to vindicate the political party with which
I act, from any reproach in this matter; for, sir, I
have no doubt that if you could by any possi-
bility succeed, and this Union should be dissolved,
terrible would be the indignation of the world, of
our own times, and of coming ages, upon the party
that should be guilty, in the remotest degree, of
having aided or accelerated so terrible a catas-
trophe-
Sir, by the judgment of that tribunal I have no
doubt we can stand. Standing upon these land-
marks, standing upon the history of our legisla-
tion, standing upon the judicial decisions of this
court in its earlier and its better days, we can vindi-
cate before our own constituents, we can vindicate
before the enlightened public opinion of the world,
before posterity and Heaven, bi fore earth, and
before the final tribunal of all nations, as individ-
uals, the integrity of our position when we stand
where the fathers of the Republic stood in enact-
ing the prohibition which you now complain of
as so unjust, and as excluding youirom your fair
share of the public territory and public property.
No, sir, this issue is safe. The verdict of pos-
terity cannot be wrong. The judgment of an en-
lightened public sentiment will be heard, and it
will be pronounced, and you cannot deride it.
I have no threats to utter. I have no denun-
ciations to make. I stand as the representative of
a State that claims to be observant of the Con-
stitution. 1 stand hero a representative of a
State that stands before the tribunal of public
opinion and claims a judgment of not guilty
in any charge of want of fidelity or integrity in
.the manner in which it has executed and dis-
charged the duties that rest upon it. I stand
here as a citizen of the United States. I stand
here to-day and speak for my country and the
whole country; I speak for the Constitution and
the Union; I speak for the oppressed of earth; I
speak for those who in other lands are looking to
the light of our example as something that shall
guide them through the mazes and intricacies of
that despotism under which they have groaned for
ages: and I say to you, sir, that any fratricidal
hand that is raised against the integrity of this
Government and this Union, commits a crime, not
only against the Constitution, not only against the
country, but a crime against humanity; a sacri-
lege against God, whose great experiment for the
education of mankind in the high science of self-
government is being here illustrated and demon-
strated by the light of our example.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolutions introduced by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President 
Mr. SLIDELL. It was generally understood
that, when the Senator from New Hampshire
closed his remarks, the previous special order was
to be taken up; but I understand that the Senator
from Georgia is very desirous to address the Sen-
ate now, and if he will not interfere with taking
up that spccial order when he has concluded, I
shall not object to his proceeding.
Mr. TOOMBS. I prefer to go on, and reply
at once.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator will not
prolong the discussion beyond the time the Sen-
ate ordinarily adjourns.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Toombs.) "Goon."
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. Piesident, the effort of the
Senator from New Hampshire is another conclu-
sive evidence that " the way of the transgressor is
hard." I made two distinct allegations against
the State of New Hampshire. Upon one of them
the Senator attemptsHo make a defense by refer-
ence to an erroneous report in the Globe. On the
other he is silent. I will read what I said:
New Hamp<hiie trees every fugitive from labor who
may escape into her boideis, unless the act of reclamation
be done by some officer ot tiie United States, or other person
in the execution of any legal piocess. The Constitution
says, as mterpicted by the Supieme Court in Pngg vs. Penn-
sylvania, she shall not. Her public men swear they will
suppoit tiie Constitution. By her legislation, she would
impri«nn any one of htr pouthern 4 brethren' five years lor
pasting through hor holders accompanied by his body ser-
vant; jet I am considered as a rash, violent man, a dis-
umom^t, lot not accepting such people as my brethren."
On the latter clause, the Senator from New
Hampshire stands dumb. By his silence, I sup-
pose lie pleads guilty. That is the way his south-
ern brethren are treated in New Hampshire. On
the other ground, I quoted the language precisely
according to the law of his State; and I stated the
case that made it unconstitutional. In Prigg vs.
Pennsylvania, the Supreme Court of the United
States, m a decision which 1 have in my hand,
delivered by the late Justice Story, declares that
a person has a right to seize and to hold his own
slave without any process. That was said by
Judge Story, a New England man, an eminent
judge; but New Hampshire, violating that law,
thus declared by the whole Supreme Court, speak-
ing through Judge Story, says to a slaveholder
seeking to recapture his escaped slave-, "if you
do that you shall be imprisoned five years." That
was my allegation. Am I not sustained in it*
Does not the law of New Hampshire, to which I
referred,and which the Senator cannotcontrovert,
sustain the allegation I have made, that you have
made of null-effect the Constitution of the United
States, as expounded by your own expounders
of that instrument?
Besides, I declared that you had made of non-
effect , that you would no t carry out, the pro visi on of
the Constitution for the rendition of fugitives from
labor. Let that Senator rise and teil me to-day
whether he is willing to have it executed in New
Hampshire ? Are you in favor of its execution
anywhere now, in any way ?
Mr. HALE. I shall take my own way to an-
swer. If you wish 
Mr. TOOMBS. Sir, I do not want you to an-
swer. I do not expect a direct answer from you;
but I will hear the Senator if he desires to say
anything.
Mr. HALE. If you do not want an answer,
I am sure I do not care about giving it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The reason why I say I want
no answer is, that I expect to get no direct an-
swer. I asked for it when I delivered my speech,
and I got none.
Mr. HALE. The Senator said then that he
did not want to be interrupted; and when one or
two gentlemen interposed, he reproved them for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator will not answer
that in the spirit of the Constitution.
Mr. HALE. I will answer fairly and squarely,
if you desire to know.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; I desire to know.
Mr. HALE. I believe that clause of the Con-
stitution which declares that "no person held to
service or labor in one State, under the laws
theieof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be dis-
charged from such service or labor,'' is binding
and obligatory on the State of New Hampshire;
and I am perfectly willing to see it carried out in
a fair and constitutional manner.
Mr. TOOMBS. Ah!
Mr. HALE. Do you want anything else?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, I do.
Mr. HALE. I know you do.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to know what that Sen-
ator calls a fair and constitutional manner? I know
it is one of those equivocations which is practiced
here. When you come to the point, he will talk
to you about trial by jury; he will talk about some
plan that will defeat it; but as to carrying out that
provision of the Constitution in it# honest integ-
rity, so as to deliver the fugitive, I do not believe
that he is for it, or that his constituents are for it;
and I do not believe there is a Senator who sits in
this House who believes that he is.
It is very easy to say you are in favor of car-
rying it out fairly; and yet, when you propose
to carry it out, it is by passing a law which is
certain to be defeated—that is intended to be de-
feated. It has been declared that the right to trial
by jury does not exist under this clause of the
Constitution, and they acted upon that principle
in reference to a similar clause of the Constitu-
tion with regard to white men, unless they steal
negroes; and in those cases, both the State of New
York and the State of Maine have refused to de-
liver them up; but the States have delivered up
white persons, charged with the commission of
crimes, without a trial by jury, ab xtrbe conditd,
from the foundation of the Government, as we
deliver them to civilized people by treaty all over
the world. I said that under these schtmes and
devices, this plain provision of the Constitution
is trodden underfoot. I say that what the Sena-
tor has brought forward only vindicates what I
said. It is either trodden under foot directly, or
by fraudulent contrivances.
But, sir, I go to the other point. The fact that
I was upon, was that the Constitution is violated.
The evidence that I gave of the Constitution was,
first, its own plain, direct language. I gave then the
exposition of those who made it, at the time they
made it; and I then gave the exposition of those
who made it, when they went to put a law on the
statute-book, in 1793, to carry it into force. I
gave the cotemporaneous exposition of the courts
of the United States, from the supreme tribunal
down to the humblest man who held office under
their judiciary; and,I read the common judgment
of the tribunals of all the States, to prove—what?
To prove what the Constitution was; and I am
replied to upon a question of jurisdiction between
the Federal and State courts! That is the reply
of the Senator. HI do not charge against you
that you have violated a decision of the Supreme
Court. I say you have violated the Constitu-
tion; and I have given in evidence what the Con-
stitution is, in the manner which I have just desig-
nated: first, its language; then, the declarations
of those who made it, at the time; then, the act
of 1793, passed by a Congress in which there
were many men who made the Constitution,and
approved by Washington; the cotemporaneous
exposition by the Government, in all its depart-
ments; and the truthful performance of this ob-
ligation, until the Black Republican party had
an existence. It was then that these deuces
began.
But how does the Senator meet me ? He goes
on to show that Georgia is opposed to the twenty-
fifth section of the judiciary act; thRt Georgia does
