2780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
known to the service comes within the line of duty
of some organized corps of the Army; but here is
a new system, one not known to the Army, not
yet introduced into it, more important than any
man can imagine who has not had an opportunity
of examining it. In the proposed mode we get
it?in the cheapest way that any Government ever
procured-anything of such value.
. I know that this gentleman who has succeeded
in bringing into use this great invention would
not refuse it to his country if it was needed. He
is a patriot and a soldier now. He understands
the>u?e of this system of signals; and if it were
necessary he would surrenderitup to his country
after his many years of labor to bring it into use,
for the promotion of the welfare of the country;
he would do it most cheerfully; but would it be
just, would it be right, would it be honest, would
it be honorable, to take it from him in that way ?
Why make all this bugbear about it?
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs talks about signals in the Navy,
where he says they are much more important than
in the Army. I may suppose that the gentleman
who is charged with that important committee in
the Senate understands something of the Navy.
He knows they have a code of signals which is
perhaps perfect now, and cannot perhaps be im-
proved. It has been known to the Navy, and by
them' used, for many years. Now, vessels in
battle, or in sight of each other, communicate by
signals, and communicate orders by signals, and
make known their wishes to each other as accu-
rately, or nearly so, as this gentleman can by the
signals he now proposes to introduce into the
Army. Then why talk about introducing a sys-
tem of signals into the Navy—a branch of the
service that has such a system, and understands
the use of it, as every gentleman of intelligence
knows. Their system of signals is quite perfect;
and then, to ask why not bring it into the Navy,
is the most curious argument that I could imagine
could be offered by a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Senators talk about Colonel Colt, and his im-
provement ill six-shooters. That is an import-
ant arm. I have seen it many times do good
service. I have had the pleasure of witnessing it
used in the military service, and know it is im-
portant. Colonel Colt was a citizen. He invented
this arm, and he sold it to the Government at a
very high price, and was well paid for his inven-
tion. He did not ask to be brought into the
Army, in any position; and if he had asked it, of
course, it would have been disregarded, for he
was outside of the Army; but this gentleman is
in the Army.
I have made notes of what has been said in the
course of the debate, and some gentlemen have
declared that the paragraph which we desire shall
remain as a portion of the bill creates a bureau.
It provides for one officer—a single officcr, and
no more, without a bureau, with no assistant—
an officer to be placed in charge of this service, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of War; and
certainly we can never have a Secretary of War
■who will notemploy him to the best advantage for
the instruction of other officers in the use of these
signals. It is said that itgives the officcr the rank
of a major. It docs—-just such a rank as is held
by all staff officers in the quartermaster or com-
missary service.
Mr. DAVLS. There is a corps of Quarter-
masters, one of commissaries, and one of adju-
tants general, some of whom have the rank of
captain.
Mr. LANE. I speak only of quartermasters
and commissaries
Mr. DAVIS. There arc also of what is some-
times called the staff, two corps of* engineers, and
one of ordnancc, running down to brevet second
lieutenants.
Mr.LA.NE, Those arc full corps, of colonels,
majors, captains, lieutenants, and second lieuten-
ants. We shall not differ about that. AH quar-
termasters and all commissaries, ns the Senator
knows, have the rank of major; otherwise they
arc assistants.
Mr. DAVIS. All surgeons rank with majors;
but assistant, surgeons have a lower rank.
Mr. LANE. This gentleman has a rank of
captain, and we want to raise him to that of ma-
jor. The Senator, however, and myself, will not
differ about the matter of Army organization.
Mr. DAVIS. In order that there may be no
disagreement or misapprehension, I will statethat
the quartermaster's department consists of a brig-
adier general, two colonels, two lieutenant colo-
nels, four majors, and a long list of captains.
Mr. LANE. The latter are assistants.
Mr. DAVIS. The medical department con-
sists of one Surgeon General of the rank of colo-
nel, a list of surgeons with the rank of major, and
a list of assistant surgeons with the rank of cap-
tain, and another list of assistant surgeons with
the rank of first lieutenant.
Mr. LANE. We understand it exactly alike.
Now, this gentleman has the rank of captain, and
we propose to give him the rank of major of cav-
alry, without a command, without a corps, with-
outany expense on the face of the earth more than
the pay and emoluments of that assimilated rank,
subject to the orders of the Secretary of War, to
labor faithfully and usefully for the benefit of the
Army in introducing this system of signals—more
important, certainly, than any Senator now can
imagine; and how it can meet with such opposi-
tion, I can hardly conceive.
1 have a good deal to say on this subject, if
necessary, and I have noted a good many things
that I want to answer; but I have been notified
by a friendly Senator that it is important that we
should proceed with business. Now, if this ques-
tion is well understood by the Senate—and I hope
it is—I will leave it with them to decide upon by
their vote But if it shall be necessary, I will go
into a further history of the matter.
Mr. MALLORY. I had hoped, sir, to hear
somethingfrom the Senator from Oregon to change
my opinion; but he answered what I said with
relation to the service in the usual manner of those
who shrink from an argument, by saying that he
is satisfied of two things: one is that I do not
know anything about the subject, and the other is
that I am averse to seeing any citizen appointed
to the Army. Why, sir, I said nothing about a
citizen. On the contrary, I baveahvaysadvocated
citizen appointments,and Iamunwilling to beheld
responsible for that against which I myself have
so frequently protested. I have not only advo-
cated it, but insisted oil it; and I am in favor of a
judicious admixture, occasionally of citizen ap-
pointments. The honorable Senator thinks that
I know nothing of the subject, and I thought that
he knew all about it; but men are prone to differ
"as sparks fly upwards." And we may both be
in error. My whole point was whether or not the
military corps of the service is to bo benefited by
conferring military rank, not upon acitizen—that
was not the point—but for a ci\il service per-
formed by anybody, whether a military officcr or
not. That is the objection I have to it. I will
not take up the time of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg the Senate to ex-
cuse me for about five minutes on this question.
I feel an interest in it, and I think I can say all I
desire to say in that time; and promise to say no
more. I differ always with great regret from my
friend from Mississippi, and from the Senator
from Florida, and more especialy do I differ with
diffidence, and with great diffidence, on all military
questions, from the Senator from Mississippi. Cut
this is a sort of question which it seems to me that
men without much military knowledge can com-
prehend.
A new discovery is made, or, if you please, an
old discovery is greatly improved, so as to in-
duce all men to think it may be of valuable use
and valuable service in the operations of an army.
I understand there is no difference of opinion be-
tween me and either of these gentlemen that I
have alluded to on that question. I suppose this
to be so. I shall not undertake to prove it. It is
a means of instantaneous communication through
a great range of country for ten or fifteen miles,
and it cannot be interrupted or stopped by an en-
emy. Every one can sec at once that is a matter
of great consequence. Early information is of
the most critical and important consequence to an
army, and this discovery accomplishes that. We
are to introduce it into the Army. The gentle-
men say we are proceeding like novices, and
undertaking to derange what military law and
military discipline have long ago settled and es-
tablished.
We are attempting to reward a man for mili-
tary services by military, promotion, it is said.
No,.sir; that is not a fair view of the question.
You think this new discovery might be introduced
into the Army. If the Army are to be made ac-
quainted with it, are you not to get the best man
qualified to give that instruction? If the man
who is most capable of the instruction happens
to be the man who has made the discovery, or
made the improvement, is that any objection to
this invention ? If the thing is useful at all, and
ought to be communicated to the Army and made
known to the Army, he who is most able to com-
municate it, most familiar and best acquainted
with the subject, is exactly the man that the pub-
lic service wants—is he not? I should say so.
Instead of providing it, then, as a mere reward to
the man who invented it, if you happen to give
the appointment to the man who invented it, and
he is otherwise competent to do the greatest ser-
vice to the public by giving to the public the very
best instructor you can find, the public service is
promoted. That is the object; and to make that
service respected, to invest it with the authority
necessary to make it respectable, you must give
a certain degree of rank and station to the officer.
Is that of a major more than enough ? Shall we
quarrel ahoui tiie difference of rank of our agent,
whether he be captain or major? It happens that
the inventor in this case is a gentleman holding a
rank equivalent to that of captain. A majority
is not too high an office for this great service;and
is it strange, where a discovery of a new element
which may be advantageously employed in war
has been made, that you should appoint an offi-
cer to communicate that to the Army and instruct
men in the use of it ?
Gentlemen say that this may be followed up by
a thousand foilies; that this big gun may require
a major to superintend it. Is that fair argument?
Somebody must instruct your Army in it. Who
shall it be? The man best qualified to give that
instruction. I am anticipating that the inventor
here will be the man appointed; but, if the Sec-
retary can find some man better qualified to do it,
let lnm take that man. I do not think he can.
The same intelligence that has made this discov-
ery would seem to me, accoiding to all reasonable
calculation, to be the man to instruct others in it.
I do not see, therefore, that there is any great
blow to the Army—a new discovery being made
requiring a new agent, that you should constitute
an agent for that purpose. Call him major, or
call him what you will, it matters not. Cannot we
employ an agent to do that lest the military corps
shall be offended m its pride by understanding
that you have adopted the principle of rewarding
civil services by extraordinary military appoint-
ments? It is no such thing, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I asked the Senator from Oregon,
and I will repeat the question, with the permis-
sion of my friend from Kentucky, to him, how it
is to be administered—the modus operandi of work-
ing with a single individual ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know nothing about
it; and if the Secretary of War will be advised
by me, he will be sure not to confer that appoint-
ment on me. It is because I know nothing about
it that I want to be sure to get a man that does
know something, and I know of but one man
that does know any thing about it—there may
be others, but I do not know of them—and that
is, this man who has discovered it. He happens
to be a surgeon ill your Army; and I am proud
that your Army has the genius to be making dis-
coveries which shall be so materially useful to the
cause of the country, particularly in the crisis and
perils of war, and I like to see it rewarded; appro-
priately, to be sure. I would not strike at the just
pride.of the Army, nor do I think I am doing so.
Here is a thing distinct from the Army, and it
must be executed among military men. It must
be executed by military authority. That seems
to be agreed on all hands. You have agreed to
constitute that officer who is to do it, and by what
rank shall he be constituted ? I am willing to take
it as. the Secretary of War has recommended it.
Now, my friend from Mississippi complains
that wo have had no councils of military men
upon the subject of arranging the system. Sir,
we have got the highest of all military men in our
country—we have got the Secretary of War him-
self. He has approved of, and recommended
this, as I understandit; and it is upon his recom-
mendation that the House of Representatives
have acted and incorporated this provision in the
bill. His letter approved it 
