1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
crease lb' force to In: called into the field for the
protection of the lives and property of the people j;
of Texas. J suppose that his character as a states- \
man mid a general; that his character for humanity, ;
and uniform kindly disposition towards the In- i
dians, which lias marked his long career, and with ij
which the nation is not unfamiliar, will at least re- ||
licve liini from any suspicion that he desires to ij
oppress the Indian tribes of Texas. It is known jj
that he has always had towards them the kindliest ,
disposition, and that during his public life he has 11
"e\er felt anxious to ameliorate their condition. In !•
view of the present condition of affairs there, the
present Governor, notwithstanding his kindly dis- j,
position towards the Indians, has found it neces- ij
sarv to call into service six hundred additional jj
Suite troops during the past few months. The j;
condition of affairs growing still worse, he was ||
also compclied to call into service minute men. in j
the frontier counties, m order to repel Indian ;!
depredations. ^
All these efforts failed of the result desired. jj
With the Federal troops there, with six hundred i
additional State troops, and mounted minute com- |l
panics m the frontier counties—m addition to all !
that force, sir, the Governor has recently been ;j
under the necessity of ordering Colonel M. T. ij
Johnston to raise an additional number of men, j'
sufficient to enable him to 50 into the field to pur- j|
sue, punish, and drive into terms of peace, the jt
hostile and depiedatmg Indians. Yet, sir, it is ]:
gravely argued this mornins that, iftherearcdis- |j
turbanccs th'-rr, they are only those incidental or |;
accidental disturbances which sometimes occur, ij
and which must occur, upon every frontier. Why, jj
sir, does • h■- gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] j
suppose that the State of Texas is involving her- j|
&clf in an expenditure of more than a million ij
dollais, bv enlling more than a thousand troops jj
into the held for the purpose of a bootless, un- '
necessai v, futile war upon the Indians1
If the gentleman had looked into the facts of the
case, he could not, by any possibility, have come
to any such conclusion. And, sir, I am disposed
to thank the gentleman from Iowa [Mr, Curtis]
for the justice he has done to the people of Texas
111 that v^ard. That people, Mr. Chairman, arc
animated by tie- same impulses, moved by the
came lnouw-s of action, controlled by the same
desires and hope for cood or evil, as are the peo-
ple of 1 v tv portion of the Union. As he sug-
gested. tin y are indeed an aggregation of people
(Vom every'State 111 the Union, and from almost
every civiliT.. d country beneath the sun. I ven-
ture'to say, in nil sincerity, that there is not upon
thefaceof ihe globed people wlienrc more deeply
impressed with a .sense ot justice m reieicnce to
one another and to all other people, and who are
less capable of liiih-tiiis fhuriant and wanton
wruii'.'and iiiiurv either upon white men or red
men, or any uth. 1 e:..s.> ot men. &o much foi
that. , j
Mr. Chairman, leaving that point, it is now ;
my dmv to call ihe attention of the House to the
immbei'of Federal troops winch are 111 the de- !
nartmi tit of Texas, and also to the extent of front- ;
ler v.hieh is to be protected, because these are
things v, hi.-li must operate upon the minds of j
members in d. termming llow lor they will go n >
order to dt 1'. mi the lives and the property of the j
people of Texas a;auisr Indian depredations.
You havi been told bv the ehaiiiuar, of the Com-
mittee on Military Allans thai there are ten com-
et" e.naliV and about an equal number oi_
lie r<\ toother Miih MX companies of
T:e re us ihe .second cavalry, it is true,
ooomes. and m addition to that I bebeve
■ in liic Tt xas department about four 1
.-of ilu fii'-t rav,i!i v. It is also true that
in TeNas proper eleven companies, or
m>i<\uii< s, of ini'anti V—and when 1 men-
p.ui'ics of eaially. I'do not wish to he •
■'d as statin:' that tin re me so many lull
s ,.f cavalry. Inn only companies as ^
they Oi'dimu-ily aie. Theie arc a.so
■.mip.unes of artillery.
tins point it is pioper to call aiten-
• •I that wlole I here are 111 the depart-
is tin1 gentleman has stated, two
thousand MX bundled and sixteen men. if the
Com.Mile , V.M- all full, and perhaps there realh
1- on. foiinh 1. ss than that number upon a strict
count: while Unit is so. still, it H n ltict that 0!
those troops two hundred and thirty-seven aie
pam<
infahirv
ails-ii 1 v.
of If-n roi
th'T'- or.
tht'IV Ml'
parts «>f r
ttou
und< yy-i'"
ccntpan!. s
lxwriy h;U
iii lYvas my -
lion to !l!l' f.K
mrm oi'Tt \a-.
-.in li
v.\ 1 •
at Fort Arbucldo, in the Chickasaw nation, and
considerably to the north of Red river and the
settlements of Texas, and three hundred and
seventy-six at Port Cobb, on the Canadian river,
near the thirty-sixth degree of north latitude. Itis
true that that number of troops is in the depart-
ment of Texas; but, sir, the number 1 have stated
is far, far north of the settlements in Texas.
There are also one hundred and seventy-four of
these troops at Fort Washita, which is also in the
Chickasaw nation. This shows that seven hun-
dred and eighty-seven of these troops, though in
the department of Texas, are not in the State of
Texas. The six companies of artillery are located
down upon the Rio Grande for the purpose of
keeping the peace between the United States and
Mexico; ana that is about the only use to which
they can be applied out in that country; for it
must be known to all that these are of no earthly
utility in an Indian war, such as that now being
waged upon the borders of Texas.
So far as these troops are concerned, let me
call attention to one statement in the report of
Lieutenant Colonel Lee, of the second, calvary,
that the Indians very recently stole seventy-six
horses from one of the companies of that regiment.
It would seem then that they cannot protect even
themselves from Indian depredations when they
have nothing else to do. The Indians even steal
the horses of the troops, and they cannot prevent
it. Lieutenant Colonel Lee says further:
" The hordes of the second cavalry have become so re-
duced by constant service, exposure, and scarcity of food
and grass, that they fail in the pursuit, and sometimes per-
ish. The marauders are generally in small parties, and
sometimes on loot."
This is in his report of the 6th of March last
to Colonel Thomas, the Adjutant General.
Then, in another portion of the report, at a dif-
ferent point, he uses this language:
" The troops in the department are posted over a Ion;
line of frontier, and yet, from the paucity of their numbers,
arc uaable to protcct the settlements. The best method of
preventing the inroads of the Indians is to send a strong
body of troops into their countrj, which would have the
effect of lecalling them to their women and children ; but
there is not at this time within the department a force
available for the purpose."
I shall have occasion to refer to this again. I j
wish to call the attention of the committee to this j
further fact, that when we speak of the State of j
Texas, the nimd associates with that expression ,
the idea of the territorial limits of an ordinary
State. It should be remembered that the troops
referred to in the abstract produced by the gentle-
man from Ohio, as posted in the department of
, Texas, are stationed at posts which extend from
i the twenty-sixth degree of north latitude, at
' Brownsville, on the Rio Grande, to the thirty-sixth
| decree of north latitude, near the south boundaries
. oflvansas, at Fort Cobb: and from the ninety-
S six'h deoree of west longitude, at Fort Washita,
! to the one hundred and sixth degree of west lon-
1 gitude, at Fort Bliss, on the Rio Grande. Thus,
they are scattered over a territory embracing ten
decrees of latitude and ten degrees of longitude,
covering area enough to form half a dozen oidi-
narv States. _ . ,
This ought to be borne in mind when it is said
that there arc troops of the United States alieady
in Texas sufficient for her defense. From Fort
. Mason, in southwestern Texas, to Fort Washita,
! is a distance of five or six hundred miles. Between
those two posts, and right along that frontier
l where murders are daily perpetrated and property
! daily stolen, there are but three solitary posts:
1 one at camp Cooper, where there are but sev cnty-
1 cirrht cavalry; one at camp Colorado, where there
arc one hundred and seven cavalry; and another
ot Fort Chadbourn, where there are seventy-two
lilfmtry That is a true exhibition of the availa-
ble force of the Federal Government scattered over
that distance of five or six hundred miles ot front-
ier in a state of active hostilities. Such is tile
piotection which is given to lite and property
there. These facts explain why it was that Gos -
ernor Houston, by the advice of the Legislature,
called into service six hundred State a'Jd
now additional numbers under Vol™KlJ?_
liowiiuuiuuiuu iiuuiuuo ui. v. r v ^
and that is the reason why the Lcg.slatmc■ of
ent that, in the fall of
I Sots some white men mm1
Indians m the State ot Texas.
this morning by the stateinen. ....... -
irdered some fiiendl}
I wish now to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the extent of our territorial boundaries,
that they may see how these twenty-six hundred
men, of the description they are, are likely to afford
protection to our people. But before I do that, I
wish to state some important facts, which I had
omitted, in relation to the character of the forces
of the United States, and their ability to defend
that frontier. I stated that the six companies of
artillery, as a force to operate against the Indians,
is utterly useless. Then there are eleven compa-
nies of infantry, scattered over a vast extent of
country, and posted in forts, except some eighty-
three who are stationed at the city of San Antonio
to take care of the public property, and to perform
other duties. That leaves about ten companies of
infantry to occupy a number of forts scattered
over this vast area of country.
Now, it is a fact which ought to be known, and
which is known by our military men, and by all
men acquainted with the character and habits of
the Indians and their mode of warfare, that a reg-
ular infantry force, as opposed to small bands of
Indians making their incursions upon the front-
ier, are of no earthly use. Were there large tribes
of Indians in a body, making battle against the
organized forces of the Federal Government, then
infantry could be brought to bear against them
with efficiency. But when the Indians, in squads
of tens or twenties or fifties, make their attacks
upon the settlements,murdering the people, steal-
ing their property, and carrying it away, they can
only be opposed successfully with active mounted
troops, who can move with as great celerity as the
Indians themselves, and overtake and chastise
them. Then these ten companies which are ar-
rayed against us, as evidence that our frontiers are
protected, protect just about as much ground as
their encampments occupy. The Indians come
around them with perfect impunity, as is shown
by the official-reports. Thef understand the in-
i efficiency of the infantry as well as we do, and
care nothing for them.
This, sir, is the force which is to protect a coun-
try extending through ten degrees of latitude and
ten degrees of longitude, and infested by such
hordes of savages as I shall bring to the attention
of the House m a short time.
Now I return to the subject of the boundaries
of Texas, for 1 do not wish the delusion to rest
, upon the mmd of any one that they are the mere
tci ritorial limits of an ordinary-sized State. I will
ii call the attention of the committee to some facts
j! which will be serviceable in forming a correct
'I judgment of the extent of that frontier.
'j The northern boundary of Texas, which is
! formed by the Red river, is three hundred and
j fifty miles in length by an air line; and that part
j of it, from the point where it leaves the Red river,
I to the parallel of 36° 30', is one hundred and fifty
'| miles in length; along the parallel of 3G° 30' it is
ji one hundred and seventy miles; thence south on
ii the one hundred and third parallel of west longi-
p tude, it is three hundred and sixty-five miles; thence
■ west on the thirty-second parallel of north latitude,
I to the Rio Grande, it is two hundred and eighty-
f five miles; and along the Rio Grande to its mouth,
: by an airline, itisaboutone thousand miles, though
i it is a much longer distance if you follow the wind-
■ ino-s of that river This makes a frontier of some
two thousand three hundred and twenty miles,
ji and if you take out one thousand miles for the
', Mexican frontier, you have a line of Indian front-
ier of over thirteen hundred miles. Thus you
I have some idea of the vast frontier which is to be
' protected. When you contemplate an extent ot
' territory extending through ten degrees of Iati-
i tude and ten degrees of longitude, with such a
l! vast frontier, vou maybe able to form some con-
' ception ofthe'kmdof protection which is afforded
<i us by this force of twenty-six hundred troops,
about one third of them cavalry.
j! But now, sir, I wish to call the attention of the
ij committee to some facts, and 1 beg the. ■MrnUon
\ of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] while
' I do it. I want to show him and the House that
j while his view may be warranted by his concep-
1| tionof his duty, there are other facts which ouJit
I to weigh on his mind, and ought to weigh oil the
I minds"of members m determining how fai they
" should go in granting the necessary means to en-
able the Government to give proper P™^c'lonh °
the frontier of Texas. Here is a doeamcn that
! was called out at the last session of Congiess-
