I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GS-LOBE.
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Longmcker.
Ho. of Reps.
some kind words and compliments upon its can-
dor and ability, says:
" To a certain point, that Senator and myself agree. Then
there comes divergence, which grows wider and wider the
furtiier we travel, We agree that, under the decision of the
Supreme Court bf tfte United States, slaves are property,
standing on an equal footing with a)i other property; ana
that, consequently, the owner of a slave has the same right
to emigrate to a Territory, and carry his slave property with
him, as the owner of any other species of property has to
move there and carry his property with him."
In 1856 he said that admission would settle the
question, and tliere was no power of earth could
get rid of it then. Here he says the court has
decided it; but he went on:
"Mr. .Doolittle. Will the honorable Senator allow
me 
"Mr. Douglas. I am replying to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi now, and would prefer, therefore, to go 011.
" Mr. Doolittle. I wish to put a question to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois on that point.
" Mr. Douglas. I desire to deal with this point now.
At another time the Senator can present his point. The
right of transit to and from the Toiritories is the same for
one species of property as it is for all others. Thus far the
{Senator from Mississippi and myself agree—that slave prop-
erty in the Territories stands on an equal looting with ev-
ery otherspecies of property. Now, the question arises, to
what ex tent is property, slaves included, subject to the local
law of the Territory ? Whatever power the Territorial Legis-
lature has over other species of property, extends, in my
judgment, to the same extent and in like manner, to the
slave property. The Territorial Legislature hits the same
power to legislate m respect to slaves that it has in regard
to any other property, to the same extent, and no Author. If
the Senator wishes to know what power it has over slaves
in the Tenitoues, I answer, let him tell me what powei it
has to legislate over every other species of property, either
fry encouragement or by taxation, or in any other mode,
and he has my answei in regard to slave property.
" JJut the Senator *ays that theie h somethiug peculiar
in slave piopcrty, requiring fnrthpr pmtection than other
species ot propel ty. If so, it is the nusfot tune of those who
own that species of propeity. lie tells us that, it the Ter-
ritorial Legislature fails to pass a slave code lor the Terri-
tories, fails to pass pohceiegulations to protect slave ptop-
erty. the absence ot such legislation ptactically excludes
slave property as effectually <i& a cui^tilutional ptoiubilum
would exclude it- I agree to that proposition. He says,
fuithermore, that it is competent for the Territorial Legis-
lature, by the exeicise ot the taxing power, and otbei func-
tions within the limits ot the Constitution, to adopt un-
friendly legislation which practically diives slavery out of
the Teiritory. 1 agree to that proposition."
Then the Senator from Mississippi had no case
if he made these admissions. If he stated that it
was competent, by the exercise of the power of
taxation, to drive slavery out of the Territories,
the Senator from Illinois was right in saying he
had n'o case in court. What does the Senator
• from Mississippi want with a slave code when he
admits the Territorial Legislature can dri\e out
slaves? Docs he want a code to govern slaves,
where he admits they can be lawfully driven out?
X dare say, if he will allow that the squatters can
lawfully drive out all the masters and slaves of
the Territory, they would give him a slave code
for the concession. It would certainly neither
help nor hurt anybody. I deny the agreed case. I
say it is unconstitutional. To withhold a right by
non-action is just as fraudulent as to resist it by
action, and much less manly. To defeat a consti-
tutional right, whether by action or inaction, is
equally violative of an oath to support the Con-
stitution. 1 trust never to hear any Senator defend
such public or private morality. But the honor-
able Senator from Illinois, when he secures the
admission that a Teiritorial Legislature may do
these things, very logically assumes that there
are lawful means to defeat constitutional rights.
i will wait an explanation of this extraordinary
position. How can lie imagine that a constitu-
tional tight may be lawfully withheld by those
whose sworn duty it is to protect and defend
it?
I repudiate the admission. I wash my hands
of the Senator's slave code, for that as well as
additional icasons, which I will now proceed to
give. It is no remedy for any wrong to slave
property, if passed by Congress. Slave property
m a Territory is there under the Constitution, as
well as any other property. It depends on the
good faith, on the honor, on the fidelity to the
Constitution, of the ruling powers, to give it the
same protection as is given to other property and
no other, according to its needs and its wants,
and if they fail to extend it they violate their ob-
ligations, whether they do it directly or indirectly,
by taxation or by any other means. This duty is
imposed by the supreme power m the State; if they
fail or refuse to perform it, Congress ought to take
away from them a power which they have abused,
andputit into hands more trustworthy than theirs.
That is my remedy. I will not trust men in a
Territory, though you may dub them with the
ridiculous appellation of sovereigns, who will not
obey oaths; who are insensible to the ordinary
obligations which hold society together. Look
through your early territorial legislation, and you
can find abundantremedies to secure protection to
any man in the Territories of the United States
who has a right to be there. More remedies are as
far as possible from the nonsense of popular sov-
ereignty.
Now, sir, 1 have reviewed, as far as I deem it
necessary, the Constitution, the laws of nations,
and the practice of our fathers, in the defense of
those gentlemen with whom I act in the South,
and who concur with me in these resolutions. I
have vindicated our principles to the best of my
poor abilities. 1 have shown that they do not
violate any compact or agreement, express or im-
plied, with any man. I demand that, while this
doctrine shall stand,and it will stand as longas your
system continues, it shall be exercised wherever it
'maybe necessary and proper to protect constitu-
tional rights.
It becomes my duty to support these resolu-
tions, with the amendment I propose, because they
speak the truth. But I do not require that ail the
truths I hold shall be made party tests. I recog-
nize open questions as one of the necessities of
politics, especially of parties. Therefore, while I
would never consent to surrender a sound princi-
ple, I would not endanger it by an inopportune
assertion of it. "Sufficient unto the day is the
evil thereof," is wisdom above man's wisdom.
We are struggling against an onemy ever watch-
ful, who denies all of our rights, and seeks to
overthrow the Constitution. Drive off no sound
man who is against that enemy, even by pressing
upon hnn undeniable political truth; trust some- j
thing to time. Theiefore, I would urge the oppo- i
nents of the Black Republican parly to harmo- '
nize. The public saftty demands it. Let the
Democrats of the South attend the Baltimore con-
vention, take counsel again with their follows,
show them their compact, demand of them to
stand by their compact, and admit their equal
rights in thecommonTerritories; demand nothing
that you will notgrant; butdemand nothingwhich
is not now necessary, and which would injure
the common cause. Those who are conscious of
right, and conscious of their own purpose to main-
tain then vrights, arc never exacting. Demand the !
condemnation of power anywhere to debar you of :
your equal rights everywhere m the Territories of
the United States. Accept no less than this. It
isjust, and will be granted.
Frown upon any attempt to interpolate your
creed w ith the peculiar errors of popular leaders;
demand of your allies the recognition of your
constitutional rights as expounded by the judicial
tribunals of youreountry. Their honoris pledged
to it; and I have known them too long to doubt
that-they will refuse your demand. Let your de-
mand stop there. Then select your standard-
bearer from among the many distinguished and
able patriots whose merits have been tried and ap-
proved by the people, and all will be well. The
incalculable danger and mischief of abandoning
the Government into the hands of the enemies of
the Constitution will be averted.
Sir, there is a gleam of light peering even
through the dark panoply which surrounds Chi-
cago. The main architect of this gigantic coali-
tion against the Constitution and the hopes of
, mankind has been slaughtered in the house of i
! his friends. Acteon eaten up by his own dogs, j
] The punishment is severe, but just. The patriot- ;
; ism of the country makes its enemies tremble, j
i They quail before "the spirit of true nationality. |
! Another less conspicuous and, perhaps, less dan- j
; gcrous, but no less willing instrument of these !
I public enemies has been put forth, hoping that, ;
: perchance, his obscurity may draw public atten- I
i tion from the public danger. This at least is a
1 tribute to public virtue. Their flag is lowered;
' the Thanes are flying; unite and let the shout go
forth from every city and town, every hamlet
; and fireside, every mountain top and every valley,
j from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the Lakes
' to the Gulf, " The country ism danger; ho! every
[ freeman to the rescue!"
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OK HOIST. H. b. LONGNSClCElW
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
M&y 4, I860. -
The House being in ,the Committee of the Whole on.the
state of the Union— " , , .
Mr. LONCKNECKER said:
Mr. Chairman: Almost five months? ha^e?
passed since this Congress assembled; and.toa
spectator unacquainted with our country audits
institutions, it would appear, from the debates iix
this Hall, to be convened to discuss but one sub-
ject, to serve but one interest within the extended
bounds of the Republic. This subject is the ques-
tion of slavery; and the interest to be served, tha&
of the slave-owner. The usual amount of intem-
perate language accompanying the discussion of
this subject has been probably more indulged''in
at this session than for many years past. Threats-
of disunion were made by members upon the
other side of the House that have probably never
been witnessed since the time we have become an
independent nation. The time that should liav-e
been properly devoted to protecting the interests
of the country has been spent in efforts to sow
the seeds of disloyalty among the people, and to
destroy one of the best Governments ever devised
by man.
The only pretext for this useless wastc of time
is, that the interests of the South were being in-
vaded; and yet there was no legislation affecting1
thci^pioposed at the time the subject of slavery
was introduced by them upon this floor. At the
very time the discussion of this subject was pro-
gressing, the people of my own State were suffer-
ing from the unfriendly legislation of the South.
The great business interests of her people were
lying prostrate, and loudly demanding remedial
legislation. And while the burdens that were put
upon that people were almost greater than could
be borne, their Representatives did not seek re-
lief from them by threats of disunion and rebel-
lion. They have suffered much, and will suffer
still more, before they will tear down this fabric of
Government, because they cannot obtain justice
at its hands. They seek their relief not in revo-
lution and secession, but through legitimate mean®
and proper channels; and yet Pennsylvania has
been charged with abandoning her political prin-
ciples for mercenary motives. If it is mercenary
for her to see by peaceable means that hor inter-
ests are not crushed out by unfriendly legislation,
is it not equally so of the South when they seek
to protect theirs by any and every means ?•
And now, since gentlemen of the South and
elsewhere have occupied nearly the whole of this
session in what they considered the peculiar in-
terests of their people, let us of Pennsylvania
have your attention for a short time to enable us
to present the condition of not only the business
interests of the people of that State, but what we
consider the business, industrial,and manufactur-
ing interests of the whole country; and, although
it is true that Pennsylvania interests have suffered
severely from the legislation of this Government,
other portions of the country have suffered from
the same cause. We do not come here with the
design of asking Congress to legislate for our
people at the expense of the people of other sec-
tions when we ask a change of the revenue policy
of this Government, for we maintain the broad
ground that the protection of the manufacturing
and laboring interests of the country is for the
benefit and advantage of the whole country. "VVe
assert a great principle, and one not new in the
history of the country—one that was main-
tained and promulgated by men from different
sections of this Union, whose names are inscribed
in letters of living light upon fame's proudest
scroll.
Let us for a moment look at the condition of the
country. Our Government is at this time in debt
over $60,000,000, and without any ready moans
of liquidation. Tlte manufacturing establishments
of the country are depressed, and many, very
many of them have ceased to exist. In my own
State, excepting a few which have great local ad-
vantages, the furnaces, rolling mills, and forges
are but crumbling monuments of former piosper-
lty. The laboring classes throughout my own
\
