1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
always incident to life upon an Indian frontier?
Is such to be the treatment the people of Texas
are to receive at the hands ef the General Govern-
ment ? Are they to be required to continue their
appeals to the Federal Government for assistance?
For this is not, their first appeal, nor are these the
first depredations. They have continued from
1854 to 1860, and we have continued to appeal to
the Federal Government for relief during that
period.
Sir, the people of that State have had already
heretofore more than $1,000,000 worth of prop-
erty destroyed by Indian depredations upon the
frontier. Large numbers of human beings have
been launched into eternity by the hands of ruth-
less bands of hostile savages; and are we to be con-
temptuously turned away with the remark that
these are the mere incidents of frontier life ? Sir,
I trust more to the justice and patriotism of the
United States than this. I trust more to the Fed-
eral Government being inclined to discharge its
duty to the citizens of the country than this. It
exacts allegiance and duty from its citizens, and
it is pledged to the protection of those citizens.
Will it discharge its duty? Will you demand our
revenues? will you demand that the people of,
Texas shall be taxed for your support, and will
you refuse protection to them ? I appeal to the
justice and patriotism of gentlemen upon this
question. I ask them to take it home to them-
selves. I put the question, suppose, in one of the
old States of this Union, sixty-five of their fel-
low-citizens had been shot down, and an equal
or larger number of their women and childien car-
ried into ruthless captivity, as the evidence shows
has been done upon the borders of Texas, if hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars of property had been
carried away, I ask what would have been the
feelings aroused in this nation?
Why, sir, hundreds of thousands of men, and,
if necessary, millions of dollars, would at once be
voted, without a question, by any man upon any
side of the House. Because Texas is a remote
State; because she has but little political power
here; because she has but two Representatives
upon this floor, and therefore has but small chance
to control legislation, shall she feel that injustice
and inhumanity reign here not less brutal than
that which has swept away the lives and property
of her citizens upon the frontier?
Mr. Chairman, one word in reference to the
character of these Indians and their situation, and
I will not longer trespass upon the indulgence of
the House. The Indians who have been making
war upon Texas are not the reserve Indians re-
ferred to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] but the Camanches, the Kioways, the Kick-
apoos, the Wichitas, and others. Large numbers
of these Indians roam upon the prairies from the
frontier of Texas far into the higher latitudes. Ill
the su m mer they rove upon the plains to the north,
and during the winter they come down into the
mtld climate of the south, where they have better
pasturage for their horses.
The reason why it is that you hear that Indian
depredations are renewed every fall, upon the
Texas frontier, and continue during the winter,
is to be found m the fact that these hostile Indians
about that time move away from the higher lati-
tudes and return to our border, there to steal, and
murder men, women, and children. There is evi-
dence that, when the summer returns, they go
back upon the plains to the north with the booty
they have gathered, and sell it at tradingposts to
the west of Arkansas, and in Kansas, and New
Mexico It is believed that these traders encour-
age and stimulate these Indians to their forays
into Texas for plunder.. These Indians sell the
horses they have stolen to these traders, and
then, with the Federal weapons they get from
the Federal Government, they come upon our
frontier and again steal, and murder our citi-
zens. These, then, sir, arc the Indians who have
been in this suite of war since 1853. The reserve
Indians, to winch the gentleman from Ohio has
referied, were upon the Brazos and Camanche
reserve, and amounted in all to about fourteen
-hundred. 1 am unable to lay my hands upon
some papeis which I have. 1 want to show that
the quarrel, to which the gentleman lias referred,
originated by sonic bad Indians getting into one ot
these reservations, and when the Federal troops,
undor Lieutenant Van Camp, went there to arrest
them as murderers and thieves, the reserve Indians
arrayed themselves in a hostile attitude, and re-
fused to give them up. The United States troops
wereforced fo abandon any idea of arresting those
murderers. Those facts are reported in the official
communication of General Twiggs to the War
Department And it was charged further, by the
citizens, that those reserve Indians were engaged
in stealing horses and taking them to the reserves,
and when the own'ers traileflthem to the reserves,
that they were required to paj ten dollars ahead
for them before they could get them from the
Indians. The whites and those Indians, on that
account, got into a quarrel, and the result was,
that the whites killed a number of them. It is
not true that those Indians were shot in their
towns, and the ^xcuse for their being killed at all,
is, that they were engaged constantly in stealing
horses, besides being charged with the murder of
many of our citizens. The conviction with the
whites was, that they were chastising thieves and
murderers.
The Governor of the State, listening to the ap-
peal of the Indian agent, issued his pSiclamation,
requiring those men to be brought to justice. The
gentleman from Ohio has tried to make the matter
ridiculous, by stating that instead of those men
being brought to trial, some poor Indian was in-
dicted for stealing a mule. I am not inclined,
even if I wore possessed of more facts than I am,
to enter into any argument upon that head. It is
enough for me to say that the whites believed
that they were doing what justice demanded—that
they were punishing thieves and murderers. The
whites believed that they were in the right, while
the Indians insisted that they were in the right.
The Government, in.the mean time, in pursuance
of the treaty of 1855, by which a large portion of
the Chickasaw territory had been secured for a
reservation, and for which $800,000 was paid,
removed those Indians upon that reservation last
year, and they are there now.
But, sir, the difficulty between the reserve In-
dians and the whites is an isolated fact, and al-
together disconnected with the general Indian
war. It must be understood that these reserve In-
dians had not been engaged in the general war,
and that, if they stole and plundered, and mur-
dered, it was in a secret way, just as white people
would do a similar thing. I state these things in
order that gentlemen may understand the case
exactly. These Indians, l repeat, have been re-
moved, and located upon a reservation north of
the Red river. It is known that they were not
engaged in the hostilities which gave rise to the in-
volving of the State in so much debt, because of
the repeated calls of troops into the field.
Mr. Chairman, one word in regard to mounted
troops. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
has raised the objection, that the State troops, if
called out, would act in a spirit of revenge, and
murder all of the Indians. Texas, sir, has never
made unjust war upon the Indians, or unjust war
upon anybody else. If the Indians will not steal
our property and murder our citizens, they are
just as safe in our limits as they are anywhere
else. If, however, they insist upon stealing our
property and killingourpeople, whether the Fed-
eral Government will or will not, Texas will pursue
them until she can chastise them, and force them
into terms of peace. We have raised large num-
bers of troops already; and whether the United
States will do us justice or not; whether it will
fulfill its obligation to protect our people or not,
we will do ourselves justice. You may control
this war if yoi 5will; but if you do not control it,
we will. We do not intend further to submit to
murders and robberies by these Indians.
You need have no fear that barbarities will be
perpetrated upon peaceful Indians. We will hold
out the hand of peace to those who are peaceful,
but we will pursue and punish those who are
hostile. The cavalry, I must think, are notequal
to our frontier mounted riflemen, who are accus-
tomed to riding, used to the rifle, and acquainted
with the habits of the Indians and their mode of
warfare. Those mounted riflemen can pursue the
] Indians to their haunts in the mountains and upon
the plains; and by visiting on them in their re-
treats the calamities of war, can compel them to
terms of peace.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. OLIN addressed the committee for one
hour in opposition to the Senate amendment;
and Mr. HAMILTON for one hour in support
of it. [These speeches will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BONHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will yield
to mc, I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that ths gentleman
from South Carolina will fix the time lie wishes-
to occupy the floor, so that we may terminate the
debate upon the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BONHAM. I want but a short time my-
self; but, sir, there are two or three members of
the Committee on Military Affairs who desire to
be heard on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will one hour be enough?
Mr. BONHAM. That is more than I desire.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it not be enough to
divide up among the members who desire to speak
upon the subject ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina yield to a motion that the com-
mittee rise ?
Mr. BONHAM. I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 move, then, that the com-
mittee rise.
Thc„motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore (Mr. Phelps) having taken the chair,
the Chairman reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the Senate amendment
to the Military Academy appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the debate on
the Senate amendment to the Military Academy
appropriation bill in .the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be closed within one
hour and a half after its consideration shall again
be resumed.
Mr. REAGAN. I have no disposition to pro-
long this debate; but there are two or three mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs who
wish to be heard; and I hope they will not be cut
off.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have fixed upon an hour
and a half, and I think that is enough.
The resolution closing debate was adopted.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. BONHAM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. The first part of the paper I send to the
Clerk's desk I ask may be read for information.
The resolution which accompanies it, I under-
stand to involve a question of privilege. It is
manifest that we will not have a quorum after to-
morrow.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. An adjourn-
ment over is not a question of privilege; and I
therefore object to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not
advised of the nature of the resolution. It will
be read for information.
Mr. BONHAM. Let the order be read first;
and then the resolution.
The orderand resolution were read, as follows:
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns on Thursday
next it bo to meet on Monday next; that when the Senate
adjourns on that day it be to meet on the following Thurs-
day ; and tiiat when the Senate adjourns on that day it be
to meet on the following Monday, the 30th instant.
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Friday next
it stand adjourned till Monday tho iiOth of April instant, and
that a message be oent to tile Bcnatc asking its consent
thereto
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution
is similar to one which was offered day before
yesterday, and which was ruled to be in order by
the Speaker. In that decision the House acqui-
esced. The Chair therefore holds this resolution
to be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the Chan-
rules the resolution to be in order, I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
SARAII S. TAPPAX.
Mr. DUELL. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to allow me, as I expect to be absent for some
time, to report a bill from the Committee onJiev-
olutionary Claims, for the purpose of referring it
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
