THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF"cONG^ESsTl^TOLISIIED^BY JOHN C. IllYEs7wAST-TTNftTQM-; p q
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
anat^b*babbmahabb«hwabbabnmasnab
Mr. EARKSDAIsE. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn; and on that question I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 7, nays 170; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Bouligny, Cobb,
Hinrlman, Keitt, Quai-les, and Wilson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
ricli, Allen, Alley, Ashmorc, Ayery, Babbitt, Barksdale,
Barrett, Iiealo, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocoelc, Bonham,
Boteler, Boyce, Brayton, Brigga, Bristow, BufBnton, Bureh,
Burlingame, Burnett, Burnliam, Burroughs, Butterfield,
Campbell, Carey, Cartel, Case, John B. Clark, Clemens,
John Cochrane, Colfax, Conkling, Cooper, Corwin, Cox,
James Craig, Curry, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis,
Reuben Davis, Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Duell, Dunn,
Edgeiton, Edmundaon, Edwards, Ely, Etheridge, Fenton,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Foukc, Frank, Garnett, Gartrcll,
Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Hale, Hamilton, Hardeman, Ilaskm,
Hatton, Ilelmick, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Humphrey, Hutch-
rns, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, William Ivellogg, Kilgore, Killinger, Lamar, Lan-
drum, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, Chailes D. Martin,
Maynard, McClernand, McKean, McKnight, McPherson,
McQueen, Miles, Millson, Milhvard, Montgomery, Laban
T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead, Moirill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblack,
Nixon, Noell. Palmer, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Porter,
Potter, Pryor, Reagan, Reynolds, Riggs, Christopher Robin-
son, James C. Robinson, Itoyce, Ruffin, Bust, Schwartz,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, William Smilh,
William N. II. Smith, Spauldmg, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Stratton, Taylor, Theaker,
Thomas, Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vallandigliam, Vance,
Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Walton, Cadvvaladcr C.
Washburn, Elliliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Winslow, Wood, Woodiuff, and Woodson—170.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the above call,
James A. Stallworth, a Representative from
the State of Alabama, appeared, and took the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. What is the busi-
ness before the House?
The SPEAKER. The election of a Printer;
and no question can take precedence of it.
Mr. WOODSON. I rao,vc that the regular
order of business be postponed until to-morrow,
at one o'clock, with a view that the House shall
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the amendments of the
Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill. I
beg to remind members of their responsibility.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is this debate in order?
Mr. WOODSON. I do not propose to debate
it; I only wish to state the reasons why we should
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
in order; but debate is not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri, that a vote for
Printer will not consume more time than the yeas
and nays on the motion to go into committee,
and that if he will let that vote be taken he can
better aecoftiplish his object.
Mr. WOODSON. Estimating the damages at
six per cent, upon what is due the mail contract-
ors, they amount, each day we delay the passage
of the Post Office appropriation bill, to the sum of
§1,000, and to that extent each day's delay ruins
' those worihy puljhc servants.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman that if he will let a vote for Printer
bo now taken, he will sooner get the House into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the amendments of the Senate to the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WOODSON. All I want is that the mail
contractors shall speedilybe paid. I insist on my
motion, and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 86, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Allen, Thomas L. Ander-
son, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett, Beale, Bocock,
Bonham, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce, Buich, Burnett, John
B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Ourrv, Davidson, iteuben
Davis, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Floienee, Fouke, Garnett,
Gaiuell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Ilatton, Hill, Ilindman,
Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, i/amai, Lan-
49
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1860.
New Series No. 49.
drum, Larrabee, Leake, Logan, Charles D. Martin, Elbert
£2 7Vf MA*„,/Ih.1 ht.^11   i IT - -2 — 
  ,   .,, xi>ur, uuaries,
Reagan, James O. Robinson, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Sedgwick
Sicklcs, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H. Smith'
Stevenson, Stoke.*, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, VallandMiam!
Vance, Webster, Wilson, Winslow, and Woodson-^86.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrioh, Alley, Bab-
bitt, Bingham- Hlnir Ri-nrtnn Uri*™.- ..
Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,7 Dunn/Ed*
gerton, Edwards, Ely, Ktheiidge, Fenton, Ferry, Foster
Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, GuiJev, Hale, Haskin, Hel-
nnck, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutchina,"Irvine, Junkin, Fian-
cisW. Kellogg, William Kellogg Kilgore, lvillinger, De-
Witt C. Leach,Lee, Loomis, Lovejov, Marston, McKean,
McKnight, McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Nixon, Palmer, I'etut, Poitei, Potter, Chiis-
topher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sherman, Spauldiii",
Spinner, Stevens, Theaker, Tompkins. Tram, Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wyok, Wade, Walton, Cadwaladcr C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
Wood, and Woodruff—89.
So the motion was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. BLAKE stated that lie was paired off with
Mx^Howard.
Mr. COBB, when his name was called, said:
Mr. Scranton, of Pennsylvania, left last week,
and I paired him off with Mr. Stallworth. Mr.
Stallworth was expected here every day, and
he lias now arrived. 1 therefore desire to ask
the Pennsylvania delegation to pair Mr. Scran-
ton with Mr. Pugh, and allow Mr. Stallworth
to vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that the
pair of Mr. Scranton was left in charge of any of
liis colleagues. He paired off with Mr. Stall-
worth; and I am not authorized, nor do I know
that any of my colleagues are, to change the pair.
Mr. GROW. Our side of the House thought
it a good bargain for you yesterday, as it oper-
ated against us, and 1 think you ought to let it
stand to-day.
Mr. COBB. My side thought so, too, yester-
day; but we do not think so to-day. [Laughter. 1
Mr. FLORENCE, when his name was called,
said: I am paiied off with Mr. Hickman for a
week upon all votes, except those which involve
no political question; but, by the arrangement of
friends, Mr. Wiiiteley has been substituted in
my place for to-day;, ill reference to all questions
concerning the election of a Printer. Whether this
vote does or not relate to the election of a Printer,
I can hardly determine; and therefore Idonotknow
whether I should vote or not. I have some doubt
about it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Hickman left with me
a memorandum of his pair with Mr. Florence
from to-day until the 22d instant. I am willing
that the pair with Mr. Florence should bo trans-
ferred to Mr. Wiiiteley, and consider him as
paired off with Mr. Hickman for the day upon
all questions.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. GROW. I do not wonder that my col-
league is troubled in respect to this matter, for he
has been troubled all his life.
Mr. KUNKEL stated that he had been paired
off by his friends with Mr. Windom, until the
15th instant.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, when his name was
called, said: I understand that this is a motion to
postpone the election of a Printer,with a view to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the Post Office deficiency bill.
I wish to say to gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, that it is very generally understood
upon this side of the House [cries of" Order!"]
that we are not willing to go into the election of a
Printer to-day, [renewed cry of "Order!"] and
do not intend to do it. We desire to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the Post Office bill, and to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, immediately after the reading of the
Journal, we shall be willing to take a vote upon
the election of a Printer.
Mr. NIBLACIv, when his name was callcd, j
said: Upon all questions relating to the election I
of a Printer I am to-day, as I was yesterday,
paired off with Mr. Verree.
Mr. STRATTON stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Simms upon the question of the election
of a Public Printer.
Mr. MALLORY stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Hall upon all votes relating to the elec-
tion of a Printer.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House do now
adjourn; and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia what is the object of a mo-
tion to adjourn? 1 propose, if you will allow one
vote upon the election of a Printer now, to then
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union upon the Post Office deficiency bill,
and dispose of it.
Mr. HILL. The object is to secure a full at-
tendance of members. We have not such an
attendance here to-day. For some reason or other,
some members who vote with me for Printer are
not in attendance. I have nothing to conceal about
my motives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Members are absent upon
their own responsibility, I imagine.
Mr. HILL. We can have a vote for Printer
to-morrow.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I merely desire to
say, that a dispatch has been received from an
absent member, who is detained by missing a
tram, but who will be hero to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. This subject of the election
of a Public Printer is not worth an adjournment
over one hour; I hope we shall perfect our organ-
ization, and then go on with our business.
Mr. HILL. T shall insist upon my motiorft
Mr. GARTRELL. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.,
Mr. LEAKE. I rise to a question of order.
It is, that a motion to adjourn is not debatable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was about to sug-
gest—fories of "Order!" "Order!"] I am not
debating the motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the yeas and naya.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio moved to suspend the rules in
order to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh! no.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What I desire to
say is this. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasdccided in
the negative—yeas 28, nays 139; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmore, Bocock, Bonham, Burch,
Curry, Edmundson, Florence, Hamilton, Hill, Jackson,
Keitt, Landrum, McQueen, McRae, Montgomery, LabanT.
Moore, Sydenham Mooie, Isaac N. Morris, Noeli,Q.uarles,
Reagan, Reynolds, Rust, Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance,
Webber, and Woodson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adam?, Allen,
Alley, Thoma3 L. Anderson, Avery, Babbitt, Barksdale,
Barrett, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Boteler, Bouligny, Boyce,
Brayton, Buggs, Biistow, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnett,
Burnliam, Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter,
Case. John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Colfax, Conkling, Cooper, James Craig, Curtis, Da-
vidson, FL Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
Dawes, De Jarnette, Delano, Duel], Dunn, Edgerton, Ed-
waids, Ely, Etheridge, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Fouke,
Frank, Garnett, Gartiell, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gmley,
Hale, flaideman, Haskin, Hatton, Helmick, Hoaid, Hous-
ton, Humphrey, Hutchins, Jenkins, Jones. Junkin, Franei3
W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgore, Killinger, Lamar,
Larrabee,~"DeWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Logan, Loomis,
Lovejoy, Marston, Libert S. Mai tin. Maynard, McClernand,
McKean, McKnight, MePheison, Miles, Millson, Milhvard,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morse, Neh-on, Nixon, Palmer, Pen-
dleton, Pettit, Peyton, Plielps, Porter, Potter, Pryor, Riggs,
Christopher Robinson, James C. Robinson, Rojee. Ruffin,
Schwartz, Seott, Sherman, Singleton, William Smith,
Spmner, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Theafcer,
Thoma-s, Tompkins, Tiam, Trimble,Vandever, Van Wjck,
Wade.Walton. CadwaladerC Washburn, Ellihu B Wash-
buine, Wells. Winslow, Wood, and Woodruff—339.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BARKSDALE. On Thursday last the
other side of the House was not ready to go into
