1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, then, Mr. President, it appears that the
system of four years' instruction was adopted at
that institution many years ago, and adopted
under the advice and by the direction of Colonel
Thayer, whom we all know to have been proba-
bly the most distinguished officer connected with
it. I have stated the reasons which brought him
to that conclusion. I have also the almost unan-
imous opinion of the board of instruction in the
institution, founded upon actual experiment and
observation, by trial of the new system, and that
they have come to the conclusion that a longer
seclusion than four years at that institution, in
the course of instruction, is absolutely injurious
to the pupils who are subjected to it. 1 have also,
I think, made good, to a certain extent, the state-
ment I made that the War Department had made
the change. It is immaterial to the argument;
but having been stated heretofore, I felt bound to
give the testimony in regard to it.
I am told, in addition, that in order to carry
that out the Secretary of War absolutely issued
commissions to cadets that had been named, and
that one cadet came to Washington, had spent
all his money in coming, and could not getback;
but being told that he must wait another year in
consequence of the change back, was subsequently
permitted to go back to West Point, and remain
until his term had comc round, owing to the Sec-
retary of War having revoked his orders. How
the facts may be, I do not know. I think, there-
fore, that the better way is to go back to the old
system, and have this matter regulated bylaw,
because the opinions, it seems to me, of all or
nearly all the gentlemen best qualified to judge,
are fixed and determined upon that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish this subject had been
presented as a separate measure, in order that
it might have been considered with the patience
And gravity which I consider it merits. I should
have been glad to have had it examined in all its
relations, and with that fullness of information
which could only have resulted from previous in-
quiry, and the patient consideration of it which
present circumstances do not permit. 11 may be
that I magnify its importance. It is the institu-
tion in which I was educated,and for which, there-
fore, I feel a special regard. Its graduates have
been the associates of my early manhood, and they
have been followed by me in after time. It there-
fore bears to me a near relation. I do not come
to it like a false mother, ready to accept the judg-
ment that divides the child, but with tender care
to preserve it, even if I lose by it myself.
The method which has been resorted to, to pro-
duce this change, is disreputable to the Academy
and to Congress. Correspondence has been in-
stituted with the cadets and with the professors,
to generate a public opinion here. I have a letter
from axadet advising me of the information sent
up to the corps to instigate them to write to all
their acquaintance in the two Houses of Congress
to produce this change.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
does not mean to charge any such thing upon me.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no knowledge whether
you had any correspondence or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know the Senator can
have no knowledge.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I ask, does the Sen-
ator mean to charge that upon me individually,
because I have taken part in this matter?^
Mr. DAVIS. I know nothing about it. He
produces a letter, and of course I cannot know
who that letter is from. My acquaintance with
the writer's views, however, is so intimate that
I know perfectly well the language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; you know the
language of that letter; but the idea is that corre-
spondence has been excited by letters received
from here.
Mr. DAVIS. That idea I maintain by a letter
I have received.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator whether
he means me?
Mr. DAVIS. I say I do not know whether
you wrote or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not seem to
be answering whether the charge was upon me
or not.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you mean that I shall ex-
cept you from the persons whom I have indicated
in regard to these letters? I say, no; I do not
except you. I do not know anything about it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. If the Senator does not
mean to charge it upon me, I have nothing to say.
I have only to say I never wrote a letter on the
subject in my life. I had nothing to do with it
in any shape or form.
Mr.DAVIS. Thatanswersforyourself,which
I could not do. I made no charge against the
Senator; but I cannot except him, because I have
not the information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator does not
make the charge, I have nothing to say.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not to be drawn off from
my train of argument by questions of a personal
character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator must know
that I have no desire to do that. I have too much
respect for the Senator's power of debate to try to
draw him off the line of his argument. Nobody
can draw me off my line when I want to pursue it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will pursue it in my own way.
I was going on to state that cadets had been
instigated, as I have the proof here in a letter from
a cadet, to write to their friends in Congress to
produce a change in the course of studies Now,
nearly every member and Senator will have some
friend or acquaintance at the Academy, somebody
he is anxious to oblige; and it would be a rare boy
indeed, and Hook upon this as a very rare and very
honorable exception of a boy at school, who is
willing toprotract his term of study to the longest
period. The rule would be, they would want to
shorten the academic term. If they have access
therefore to the members of Congress, and may
successfully appeal to them to shorten their course
for their individual benefit, we all must know that
the result would be to give the boys the control
of the Academy, and, without a view to the public
interest, without attention being paid to the future
requirements of the service, without consideration
for those principles which should govern it, to
yield to the suggestions of the boys, and finally
to subvert the institution.
On the other hand, what is the condition of the
professors? For more than twenty years they
have been recommending a change. Before a sin-
gle class had graduated on the full course, the
proposition was made to change. It may have
given them additional labor; it may have entered
into some private quarrels, as has been repeated
in various quarters here. But whether one or
the other, I say it was unbecoming in the board,
.which had for twenty years sought a change, to
ask that they should go back to the old standard
before that new measure had been fairly tried.
Now, sir, as to the honorable and distinguished
gentleman, who, Isuppose, wrote that letter to the
Senator, and for whom it is impossible I should
feel otherwise than kindly, and of whom I cannot
speak otherwise than with respect, he has led the
Senator into an error, by his mode of writing,
and by his little comprehension of how small the
attention is that we pay to the subject. He infers
from #ie letter that there is but one member of the
academic staff who is not in favor of reducing the
term to fouryears outright. Now, if he will write
back to that officer, he will tell him that the objec-
tion is to the present five years' programme; that
the professor who stands next to the writer of
that letter in rank is in favor of continuing the
five years' course, but with a programme different
from that which they have now at the Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will excuse
me, that cannot be the understanding; because the
writer of that letter says distinctly that, if they
could do it, they would be glad to reduce it to
three years. The objection is the length of time
they are secluded there; not to the course, but to
the time.
Mr. DAVIS. I was going on to that. They
do not wish to retain them five years in the con-
dition of cadets ill the ranks. They do not wish
to reduce the corps. Some of them are in favor
of raising the standard of admission, as the Sen-
ator's correspondent is. Some of them are in
favor of requiring the applicants to come to the
Academy prepared to enter a higher class. Some
of them believe that they could learn the whole
course of mathematics elsewhere, and come there
to make the application and learn the military art.
It is ail opinion which is not new, and which is
uot confined to the correspondent of the Senator.
It is as old as the time ivhen an examination
into the organization and discipline of the Acad-
emy, and a report was made by .General Bernard
and MajorMcE.ee. These subjects are none of
them new.- The necessity for an increase of time,
as connected with the present standard of the
Academy, has arisen as well from the expansion
of science as the introduction of new subjects of
study; and to sustain my position I intend to
appeal to a high authority which has been cited,
Colonel Thayer-. I will show, from Colonel
Thayer, that you must require an extension of the
course, or a reduction of the studies. When the
subject was last before the Senate, the Senator
from Maine very kindly responded to an objec-
tion which I made, and withdrew an amendmeht
which he had - offered. The reason then was,
that a board had been instituted to inquire into
the studiesand discipline of the Academy. XJpon
the report of that board, I supposed, would de-
pend the length of the term of study, or residence
of the cadets at the Point. When that board as-
sembled, they proceeded in their examination of
the subject to a certain extent, when they were
stopped by an order from the Secretary of War
to discontinue it, because, as I have heard, of the
action pf the House of Representatives upon the
subject. They were arrested in full progress,
just as they were reaching results; which results,
according to my information, were contrary to
the anticipations of some of the board, and con-
trary to the impression which the Senator has
received. These results were, that the course of
study, as it existed, could not be reduced without
eliminating subjects essential for an officer of the
Army; ana that, without a reduction of thecourse,
there could nQ.t be a reduction of the term. As
far as the board proceeded, they have sent the in-
formation to the engineer bureau; and it may, for
all I know, be in the hands of the Secretary of
War. The statement made to me by some of the
members was very emphatic: you must raise the
standard of admission, reduce the course, or main-
tain the present teim of study. I am sorry the
board did not go so far as to make ah official re-
port of their results. The objection, therefore,
which previously existed, from the fact thata com-
mission had been instituted and was progressing
in its examination, does not exist now, because
the board has been dissolved; but it equally exists
because that board was dissolved on account of
the action of the House of Representatives, not
because the question was concluded; not because
the examination was finished.
I now come.to the other point which was made
in relation to what has already been transacted. It
is the statement of two Senators, that the War
Department had changed the course first from four
to five years, and then from five to four. My in-
formation was, at that time, that the Secretary of
War had never changed the course; that he had
intended to do it, but stopped before the act was
completed, and insisted upon the preservation
of the five years' course. I have in my hand a
letter from the engineer department, written to
the superintendent of the Academy, informing
him that the Secretary had had his attention drawn
to the subject, and requiring the academic staff to
examine into the question of reducing the course
to four years; another letter from the chief clerk;
and that is the letter on which the order read by
the Senator from Maine was founded. In that
letter the chief clerk says:
" The Secretary of War lias approved the recommenda-
tion of tlie academic boaid to change the term of studies
from five to four years. He has also approved the proposed
piogramme of studies with the modifications indicated."
Then, it appears, the superintendent issued the
order; and the Secretary of War—notat adate so
late as to have induced a cadet to come here be-
lieving himself to be an officer of the Army, but
in March, a long time before the examination oc-
curred—the Secretary of'War wrote the following,
to which no reference has been made by either of
the Senators who have spoken on the subject; and
this is the only letter which is conclusive, which
bears the signature of the Secretary, uncondition-
ally and finally acting upon the subject. I propose
to read that—the particular one which they have
not read:
War riepa'rtment, March 31, 1859.
Sir: The consideration which is due to the opinions of
the many persons who have interested themselves in the
subject, has induced me to reconsider the question of the
