770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
an election for Printer, and without any objec- ;
tion being made upon this side of the House, the
election was postponed until yesterday. Yester-
day there were two ballots without an election;
and I frankly say to the otherside of the House,
that" we are not ready for a vote for Printer to-
day ; that we are not willing to go into an election
now, because of the absence of gentlemen upon
this side of the House, who will be here to-mor-
row, and because, as has been suggested to me
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] of
a misapprehension upon the part of one gentle-
man from Maryland. I propose, then, by unan-
imous consent, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon the
Post Office bill, and that we go into the election
ofaPrinterto-rnorrow immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal, and a call of the House.
Mr. CURTIS. We have a special order to-
morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. BARKSDALE. We can pass over that
until a ballot has been taken. I then move that
the rules be suspeaded, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view of taking up the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to say, that
if it is the understanding that to-morrow we shall
at once, and without any more delay or excuse,
dispose of this printing business, I, for one, shall
not object.
Mr. BARICSDALE. There will be no objec-
tion after a call of the House, so as to allow gen-
tlemen an opportunity to be here.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; if that is the
understanding.
Mr. Barksdale's motion was then agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the House resolves
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce three annual appropria
tion bills, with a view to have them printed and
re&rred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
There being no objection, the following bills
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Wl*>le on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending 30th June, 1861;
A bill making appropriations for the support
of the Military Acadcmy for the year ending 30th
June,1861; and
A bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1861.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The tuJl'S were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on thestate of the Union, (Mr. Grow in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the act (H. R.
No. 1) making appropriations to defray the defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the .service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1859, and in part for the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1860;the question being on Mr. PiiELPs'samend-
mcnt to Mr. Walton's amendment to the follow-
ing amendment of the Senate:
"And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent of
the Public Printing be required to procure the priming of
the Post Office blanks, by contract, after thiity days' public
notice, and to award such contract, for the usual period of
Post Office contracts, to the bidder who offers to print the
said blanks at the greatest per centum deduction t'rom the ,
prices authorized to be paid by law for the printing of the j
Exeeunvc Departments; and that all laws or parts of laws !
now in lorcc in relation to the printing of post bills oi Post !
Office blanks be, and the same are hereby, repealed." \
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-1
drew his amendment to the amendment. '
Mr. Q,UARLES. I desire to ask an explana- i
tion. ]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to j
the gentleman from Tennessee that no debate is j
in order without an amendment. !
Mr. aUARLES. Well, I move to amend by '
striking out of the Senate's amendment all after j
the word "blanks." I merely wish to state to j
the committee the condition of certain classes of j
the public creditors under this bill, and to know i
what it provides for. In the State of Tennessee,
nearly all of this Post Office scrip is owned by the
three principal banks—the Union "Bank, the Plant-
ers' Bank, and the State Bank. They have dis-
counted the notes of the contractors, and hold Post
Office scrip as collateral security,, If I understand
one of the amendments of the Senate, it is that the
interest shall only be paid to the contractors. Now,
the bank will collect the interest on the note from
the contractor, and the wrong will be done to the
contractor, whereas the bank will lose nothing by
it. My object is to know whether the contractor
can, under this amendment, come to the Depart-
ment for the interest which he had to pay to the
bank? It would be doing to the contractors of
my State a manifest injustice if, after having been
forced to discount their notes, and hypothecate
tiie Post Office scrip, they should be required to
pay interest to the banks, and receive none from
the Government. The Government is the wrong-
doer. They failed to provide for this branch of
the public service; and, most certainly, should not
compel the contractors to pay interest on their
notes to the banks, and then refuse to reimburse
them. Ill justice to them, I ask for an explana-
tion of this provision.
Mr. PHELPS. I will answer the inquiry pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Tennessee. tJnder
the provision of the bill as ithasnowbeen adopted
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—concurringin the Senate amendment,Itnd
so in the original bill—these Post Office certificates
would be paid to the holders. These were the
terms on which the certificates were issued. The
amount was to be paid on the surrender of the
certificate; and where assignment is made, the
payment is to be made to the assignee. By the
bill, interest is provided to be paid to the contract-
ors themselves. The banks will be able to pre-
sent to the Department the certificates which they
hold, and to receive the amount appearing 011 the
face of the certificates. The interest that will have
become due 011 deferred payments will be credited
or paid to the contractors, and to them alone. The
banks, as in the case stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee, have already collected the interest 011
the notes as they discounted them.
Mr. QUARLES. I am perfectly satisfied with
the explanation of the gentleman. My only ob-
ject was to know whether, in that state of the
case, the contractors could get the interest allowed
them.
Mr. PHELPS. Most certainly. The interest
will be paid to them, and to them alone.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. GUtarles; and it was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] referred on Saturday to the
fact, that if this? amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing it !fjl ,000.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order.
The committee has voted, I believe, 011 the fifth
section, and 110 motion to amend that section is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has not
yet voted on striking out.
Mr. "WINSLOW. I understood that thai was
the last vote.
The CHAIRMAN. No; the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee1 [Mr. Q,uakles]
was to strike out all after the word " blanks."
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I misunderstood the
question.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Florence] now moves to amend
by reducing the amodnt $1,000. On that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 rise to a point of order.
There is no $1,000, nor any other sum mentioned
in the amendment of the gentleman from Vermont,
and the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is therefore not in order.
Mr. WALTON. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Vermont, to strike
out all in the Senate amendment after the word
" blanks." During the debate on Saturday, the
gentleman from Missouri referred to the fact that
if the Senate amendments were adopted by the
House, there would be a saving of about seventy
per cent, in the printing of the Post Office blanks;
and I then suggested that the saving might be about
thirty per cent. While I do not change my position,
in regard to the course of the Senate as pursued on
this appropriation bill, 1 feel'it due to myself and
the House to say that 1 have made a thorough in-
vestigation of the subject, and believe that the gen-
tleman from Missouri was nearer right than I was.
The Post Office blanks are printed by a peculiar
process, unlike other printing. The contractor
for the printing of the Post Office blanks has, by
a series of experiments, adopted a peculiar size of
paper, a peculiar form of plates, and an exceed-
ingly large press, adapted to that work and to no
other work. Ho has invested some ten or twelve
thousand dollars in enabling him to perform the
work efficiently at a very much reduced price, and
perhaps at a lower price than it can be done for
by anybody else in the country Further than
that, it is due to truth to say that, while I object
to the contract system generally, because it im-
poses aburden 011 labor, because, if the contractor
fails, the laboring man has to suffer for it, in this
instance, the machinery adapted to the purpose,
the character of the plates, the'form of the paper,
and the size of the presses, all enable this con-
tractor to do the work cheaply, and without being
subjected to the burden which is generally imposed
on people who do work by contract; anil I believe
that the competition would be between this person
and, perhaps, one other. They are the only per-
sons who have the facilities to do the work.
1 consider it to be due to myself, due to the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] after the
declaration which he made, and due to truth, what-
ever there may be involved in the matter, that I
should say this much. But, sir, I shall continue to
vote against this amendment, as I had before indi-
cated,"for the reason that I think the Senate ought
not to place upon the appropriation bills these
propositions of independent legislation. I wish
to maintain the right and dignity of the House,
by insisting that the appropriation bills shall come
down to us as pure and simple as they are sent
to the Senate. I, however, as I remarked,felt it
due to myself to say this much in reference to the
position I occupied on Saturday.
Mr. PHELPS. I find that i was mistaken on
Saturday last in attributing to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Spinner] the introduction of a
provision into the Post Office appropriation bill at
the last session, which provided that these Post
Office blanks should be let out to the lowest bidder
on thirty days' advertisement. That provision
was adopted 011 motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Colfax.] The objection was raised
that the proposition was in violation of the pro-
vision which forbids the introduction of inde-
pendent legislation into a general appropriation
bill; but so desirous were the House to adopt this
reform that the amendment was agreed to without
division.
I now call the attention of the committee to the
law under which ihe printing of these Post Office
blanks is performed. It is this:
"There shall be paulforprintin^ the post-hills at the rate
of one dollar per thousand siieets, and at the rate of ten
dollais per thousand for piiiititig paiehments: hut nothing
shall be allowed foi nlteiin" post-bills when the alteration
consists 111 the meie change of a postmaster'* name ; and
nothing herein contained .-!i;ill prevent the heads 01 Execu-
tive Departments from employing printeis out of the eny of
Washington to execute such printing foi any of said Do-_
partnients as may he required tor I1V out of iYashimtfon,"
when the same can he executed eisewheie as etieap a^ at
the rates herein specified, increased by the eo-t of trans-
porting the printed matter to the State or States where
such matter may be required for use m the public service."
The printing of these Post Office blanks lias
sometimes been executed by the Public Printer
in the city of Washington; at other times it has
been executed by parties outside the city, under
the authority given in the clause I have read.
I said last week that the adoption of the amend-
ment now under consideration would effect a
saving of sixty or seventy per cent, in the cost of
this class of printing. I am aware of the nianie'r
in which this printing has heretofore bem exe-
cuted—that when the Public Printer has had the
contract for this work from the Post Office De-
partment, he has sub-contracted the performance
of the work, at a heavy discount percentage; and
that when the Post Office Department has con-
