THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
Mr. LANE. Well, I should like very much
to see the bill, and to have an opportunity of
studying; its provisions, and to see whether it is
such a one as ought to pass. If it is such a one
as ought to pass, X am sure 1 shall make no ob-
jection to it; but I have had no opportunity of
seeing it, and did not know that it was to be re-
ported. I hope Senators will not urge it on now.
There is no emergency; no great reason why it
should be hurried through before we can have an
opportunity to examine it; and I therefore ask
Senators to allow it to He over until we can have
an opportunity of seeing it.
Mr. BAYARD. If the honorable Senator from
California does not desire it to be passed now, i
have no desire to press the bill at present: but I
think if the honorable Senator from Texas will
only take the trouble to look at the distinction
between the question of jurisdiction and the ques-
tion of the right of taking property on paying
compensation, he would alter his notions as to
this bill.
Mr. MASON. I have very great respect for
the opinions of the honorable gentleman who is at
the head of the Judiciary Committee; but this is
the first instance that I know of where such legis-
lation has been proposed. It is the beginning of
a policy establishing in the Federal Government
the right, within the States, to take the real estate,
the land, of a citizen against his will. Is there
any such instance before? We certainly, I think,
should look very carefully to it, and consider it
very maturely.
Mr. WIGFALL. If the Senator from Virginia
will give way for a single moment, I will say that
I recollect very well reading, some years ago, Mr.
Monroe's argument that he had prepared to send
in on the internal improvement question; and, un-
less I am greatly mistaken, one of the very grounds
that he predicated all his views upon was, that
this Federal Government had not the right to take
private property for public uses; that it did not
possess the eminentdomain; and that therefore it
could not carry out any such system in the States;
and from that time to this I have understood that
to be the known and well-settled doctrine of the
Republican party—I do not mean the Blacks.
Mr. MASON. We can only determine the
question on general principles of constitutional
law. Now, 1 do not entertain a doubt that the
Federal Government has no domain whatever,
within the States, of any kind; and that the States
are as completely independent of the Federal Gov-
ernment in relation to the domain, their land, as
Great Britain or France. The Federal Govern-
ment may have rights,incidental powers conferred
on u by the Constitution—and which are purely
incidental—which would affect the control of the
land of the States. I confess that my opinions on
this qucstionarecrude,forI have never considered
it; but on the general principles that have always
guided my conduct in interpreting the relations
subsisting between the States ami the General
Government, which is but the agency of the States,
the Constitution contemplates that it may be for
the common good that the Federal Government
should build forts, navy-yards, docks, and arse-
nals within the States; but if they do, they must
go into the States as an ordinary purchaser.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.  
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask what the Govern-
ment is to do, if a State, for instance, should pass
any law prohibiting any conveyance to the United
States, by anybody within its limits, of any land
for any purposes, either for a custom-house, or a
post office, or a light-house, or anything else.
Mr. MASON. Well, sir, as I said, my judg-
ment is now brought to bear for the first time on
this question. When that case arises, it will be
time enough to determine. If the Senator is right
in the opinion, which I suppose his question inti-
mates, thataState might pass such laws, and there-
fore might prevent the Federal Government from
exercising someoftheimportantpowers conferred
upon it by the Constitution, that may be a true
mode of testing the question whether the Federal
Government can condemn land against the will of
the State. I am not prepared to answer the ques-
tion. I say my opinions now will be governed
entirely by my general principles as to the rela-
tions subsisting between the States-and the Fed-
eral Government. The Constitution, as I read it,
says that although this Government, like any
other purchaser, may buy lands within the limits
of a State, and hold the title, yet it has no juris-
diction, unless the State assents to the purchase.
Then the Federal Government, owning property
within a State, would stand in the position of an
ordinary purchaser, if the State did not assent to
the purchase. What is the condition of an or-
dinary purchaser? Subject to the dominion of the
State, without any other limit or restraint than the
State constitution imposes; so that at least it will
be found, I think, to be a very tangled and diffi-
cult question; and I shall vote against the bill, if
a vote is pressed to-day. My opinions are de-
cidedly against the constitutional right.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit, sir, that you may
tangle the Constitution in any respect. 1 believe
thatlhaveaproperregardforState rights. I know
I ought to have; because, inhabi tingandrepresent-
ing one of the smallest States in the Union, it is
both my interest and my duty to protect the rights
of the States against aggression from the General
Government, or the exercise of powers not dele-
gated to it; but I cannot conceive thatgny Objec-
tion can exist on that ground to the legislation
now proposed. The clause of the Constitution
which gives the right to exercise exclusive juris-
diction in the District of Columbia, gives the same
right over any property purchased by the con-
sent of the Legislatures of the respective States
for public purposes.
Now, Mr. President, the right to " purchase"
land, there given, does not mean merely a right
to buy. It would be giving a very narrow con-
struction to it, indeed, to say that "purchase"
meant buying from an individual by private con-
tract. A man is a purchaser if he takes for a val-
uable consideration in invitum. In all the States,
a man obtaining land m invitvm, if he takes for a
valuable consideration, is a purchaser in the law.
That is the meaning of the term in the Constitu-
tion.
Then, when you come to the amendments of
the Constitution, what do you find ? You find a
prohibition that private property shall not be taken
forpublic use without justcompeusation. Itispart
ofthcrightof the General Government, as it must
be of every Government, to take the property of the
individual, where the wants of the public require
it, for purposes that are appropriate to that (Gov-
ernment. The guard to the State is, that it re-
quires the assent of the State before the purchase.
The mode of purchase, whether it is a purchase
by agreement with the party or a purchase in in-
vitum, by proceedings taken to assess the value,
is immaterial to the State, and is in conformity
with the Constitution; so that you do not take it
without compensation. That is the guard, and,
of course, the Government that is to take must
prescribe the mode of compensation, whore it
cannot agree with the party. The authority of
the State is requisite for the purpose of acquiring
by purchase at all. That the bill concedes; but
when the authority of the State is given, the mode
of purchase is immaterial to them, whether you
purchase by agreement with the party or, in in-
vitum, by taking the property on giving just com-
pensation. The power arises, in my judgment,
necessarily under the powers conferred on the
Federal Government.
I can make no distinction as to the kind of
property; the words of the Constitution make
none. Private property shall not be taken with-
out just compensation, is the provision. Every
one understands the construction of that. It ex-
ists in every State of the Union. The power
taking must prescribe the mode in which it will
compensate and assess the amount; and in some
of the States J believe it is held that the amount
must be paid or tendered before the right to the
property can be acquired. The General Govern-
ment, though it has a right to take private prop-
erty, is inhibited from taking land in a State with-
out first acquiring the consent of the Legislature
of the State to the purchase. That is the way 1
construe the Constitution. I cannot conceive that
this bill places in danger, for one moment, the
rights of any State in this Union, or that it will
jeopardize the right of the cifizen any more than
if you compel the General Government to resort
to special State legislation in each particular case,
to enable it to procure the property in invitum,
which I think inconsistent with that clause of the
Constitution which gives you the right to take
the property on just compensation. That neces-
sarily means that the mode in which the compen-
sation is assessed rests in the sovereign who un-
dertakes to take the property. That is the way
I view it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that it is
desirable to discuss the question of the constitu-
tionality of this bill now, if gentlemen wish it
deferred; but it is here for consideration, and I
shall therefore proceed to make some remarks
upon it. Experience has shown the necessity of
some law of this kind. The Department of War,
for instance, can never send out an engineer to make
a rcconnoissancc for a fort, or a reconnoissance
of a harbor, any vulnerable part of ourcoastany-
where where they sujspose it may be advisable to
erect a fortification as a matter of defense, but what
immediately all the speculators are on the quivive
to buy up the lands in the neighborhood for the
purpose of imposing on the Government; and just
as sure as a suggestion is made that the Govern-
ment is about to need some land for a post office
or a custom-house, oralight-house,oran arsenal,
or a dock-yard, than we become subject to the
imposition of private individuals; and not merely
supject to their unreasonable exactions, but an-
other incidental thing has grown out of it, and
thatis, when the Governmenthasbecn constrained
to give these exorbitant prices, immediately the
functionaries of the Government have been charged
with all sorts of corruption, for entering into con-
tracts which necessity compelled them to make.
Experience having developed this, it seems to me
that we ought, if in any way fairly within our pow-
er we can, make some arrangement by which we
shall be clear of these unreasonable exactions; and
a proposition is now made for the exercise of the
power of eminent domain by this Government.
It is not to be disguised that is the bill. This bill
was prepared some two years since when I was a
member of the Judiciary Committee, and it was
committed to myself and the Senator from Louis-
iana; and we made the bill as well as we knew
how. If it contains defects, as is quite probable,
they can be amended.
In. relation to the general power, without en-
tering into the details of the bill now—gentlemen
have not examined it with a view to them, but
with reference to the general power—I take it that
that provision of the Constitution, which gives
to Congress the power to pass all laws necessary
to carry into effect the powers granted, must be
quite clear. Probably it would have been as clear
and as certain, even if that had not been inserted
in the Constitution. It is vain and idle to vest a
power in a government, or in any body of men,
without the necessary incidental powers to carry
it into cffect. The primary grant would carry the
incidents as a matter of course. But the framers
of the Constitution did not leave it to that, but
put in this express provision of the Constitution.
As we have the power to levy and collect duties
and imposts and excises, it has long been settled
that we have the necessary incidental power to
erect a custom-house. Now, I would ask whether
the United States Government, under this clause
of the Constitution, has not the power to purchase
the land ou'whieh to erect that custom-house,
whether the State will consent to it or not? If the
power to levy and collect duties implies the use
of a custom-house for that purpose, and we have
the power to erect it, we must have the nccessary
incidental power'tb haveaplace to erect it on; and
the moment it is said that we have not the power
to obtain that land, without the consent of the
States, we subject ourselves to the States passing
laws at any time to forbid all their citizens from
selling to us, and then this grant of power is ut-
terly frustrated. We have erected a system of
light-houses under the power to regulate com-
merce. If it is a fair exercise of the power of
regulatingcommerce, to build light-houses for the
purpose of enabling that commerce to pass our
coasts and harbors m safety, then I say the power
to obtain a place on which to put a light-house
is just as necessary.
Again: I say that the power which is granted in
the Constitution to the United States to exercise
exclusive jurisdiction'' over all places purchased
by the consent of the Legislature of the State in
which the same shall be, for the erection of forts,
magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, and other need-
ful buildings," is a direct and express power
granted to Congress. Is it not clearly granted
