350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong....1st Sess. The Issues: Bred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps.
held chattcl slavery, the merchandising' of men,
to be wrong; the Democratic party says it is right.
The former regarded it as an evil; the latter vaunt
it as a blessing. The fathers hoped and believed
it would be of but teniporary duration; the Dem-
ocratic party (for without the slaveholders this
party is nothing, and less than nothing, and van-
ity) declare it ought to be, and shall be, perpetual.
The brave men of old, who pledged life, for-
tune, and honor, to their country and to truth,
declared that "all men are created equal;"
they thought,in the simplicity of their souls, that
this truth was so plain as to be " self-evident;"
but the Democratic party pronounces the asser-
tion a " self-evident lie." The men of 1776 de-
clared that among the natural and " inaliena-
ble rights of all men were life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness;" the Democratic
party sneers at this sublime truth, and calls it a
"glittering generality." Our republican forefa-
thers maintained that "to secure these rights,
Governments were instituted among men,de-
riving their just powers from the consent of
the governed*," the Democratic party insists
that Governments are not instituted—that this
Government, at any rate, was not instituted—to-
secure life,liberty, and happiness, to all men, but
rather to secure and perpetuate a system of bond-
age the most galling and intolerable that exists
upon the face of the earth; and that so far from
Government deriving its just powers from the
consent of the governed, there are millions of men
in this country who have no right, natural or po-
litical, to give or withhold their consent upon any :
question affecting the Government. The framers
of the Constitution have informed us that that in-
strument was ordained to "establish justice,"
and secure to the people the " blessings of lib-
erty;" the Democratic party says that, so far
from this being true, it was adopted for the pur-
pose of recognizing and affirming the idea—which
Lord Brougham has denounced as ft " guilty fan-
tasy "—that man could hold property in man, and
to enable the slaveholder to carry his man-chattel
into any of the Territories—and, I may add, States
—of the Republic, and there, under its cegis, prac-
tice the greatest injustice that man can inflict upon
his fellow-man.
The men who formed our institutions believed
that the legislative power of the Government was
adequate to the exclusion of slavery from the ter-
ritory belonging to the Government, and exer-
cised that power, as a matter of conscience and
duty, by reviving the ordinance of 17B7, within
a year after the adoption of the Constitution; but
the Democratic party denies the power and duty
alike, repeals the restrictions, and breaks down
the barriers interposed by the wisdom and hu-
manity of the fathers, that slavery, the "char-
tered libertine," may go free as ih# winds.
The fathers established the Union for the sake
of liberty; the managers of the Democratic party
say they will destroy it, unless they can extend
slavery.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Jefferson and his compeers
taught, and the old Republican party held, that the
people were the only depositaries of .political
power, and that with them was'the ultimate de-
cision of ail political questions; but the Demo-
cratic party rejects this old republican doctrine,
and maintains that the Constitution has created
a tribunal, and placed it above and beyond the
people, to which it has delegated the authority to
decide, finally and conclusively, all questions of
political right and power. This tribunal is the
Supreme Court of the United States, and, as at
present constituted, is composed of nine judges, of
whom a majority arc citizens of slave States, and
are slaveholders. Here ate our masters; here is
supreme, despotic, irresponsible power. If there
be a tribunal anywhere which can decide all ques-
tions affecting the powers and functions of the
Government and the rights of the people, without
appeal—which may declare that the Constitution
was not made for Africans, or Frenchmen, or
Germans, or Irishmen, but for slaveholders only,
and the people must submit—that under the pre-
text of protecting all the institutions and systems
guarantied or recognized (according to their own
decisions) by the Constitution, men who shall
dare utter or publish views and sentiments adverse
to such systems, may, by law of Congress, be ;
brought to trial, conviction, and punishment, as
criminals, even as traitors; that the system of sla-
very, with all its mischiefs and abominations, is
national and universal, and beyond the power of
the States or of the people—if, sir, I say, there be
a power anywhere so tremendous as this, we are
no longer living under a republican Government,
and our land has ceased to be a land of liberty.
But this awful and irresponsible power in abod^f
of nine men is what the Democratic party is now
bending all its energies to maintain.
Sir, Mr. Jefferson recognized no such author-
ity in the Supreme Court. In a letter to Judge
Roane, in 1819, he said:
" In denying the right they [thc\judges of the Supreme
Court] usui p ot exclusively explaining the Constitution, I go
fiutiicr than you do, if 1 understand rightly your quotation
from th<' Federalist, ot'nn opinion £ that the judiciary is tile
last resort in relation to the other departments ot' the Govern-
ment, but not in relation to ihc rights of the parties to the
compact under which the judiciary derived.' If this
opinion be sound, then, indeed, is our Constitution a com-
plete felo dc se. For, intending to establish three depart-
ments, condmate and independent, that Ihcy might check
and balance one another, it has given, according to this
opinion, to one of them atone the right to prescribe rul<*b
for the government ot the others; and to that one, too,
which is uncleeted by and independent ot the nation." ■*
* * * "The Constitution, on thU hypothesis, is a
mere thing of wax, in the hands of the judiciary, which they
may twist and shape into any fonn they please. Xt should
be remembered as an axiom oj eternal truth in politics, that
whatever -pou-er in any Government is independent, it abso-
lute also; in theory only at first, while the spirit of the peo-
ple j-5 up, but in piacticc as fast as that relaxes. Independ-
ence ean ho trusted nowhere but with the people in mass.
They are inherently independent of all but moral law."
In a letter written in 1820, to Mr. Jarvis, he
used the following language:
"The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal,
knowing that, to whatever hands confided, with the cor-
ruptions of time and paity, its members would become
depots. It has more wisely made all the departments co-
equal and co-sovereign within themselves."
To Judge Johnson he wrote, in 1823, these
striking words:
" i cannot lay down my pen without reenriing to one of
the subjects of my former letter, for, m truth, there is no
danger 1 appiehond so much as the consolidation ot our
Government by the noseless, and therefore unnbirmmg,
m-ttumentality of the Hupieme Court. This the form in
which Federalism now arrays itself; and consolidation is the
present principle of distinction between Republicans and
jHCu.lo-llej'idiUi.anS) but real I''^:dera^li<j&£.,,
And General Jackson entertained opinions in
reference to the powers of the Supreme Court as
little in harmony with the views and doctrines of
the modern Democracy as are those I have quoted
from Mr. Jefferson. In his message vetoing the
bill for rcchartering the bank of the United States,
he said:
"The opinion of the judges has no more authority over
Congress than the opinion oi Congress over the judge?.; and,
on that point, the I'lesident is independent of both. The
authot ity of the Supreme Couit in list not, therefore, he per-
mitted to eontiolthe Congress orjhe Executive, when act-
ing in their legislative capacities, hut to have only such
influence as the foice of their reasoning may de&eive."
It is evident that the sage of Monticello and the
hero of the Hermitage, could they return to earth,
would find no seats reserved for them at any Dem-
ocratic banquet.
The Republicans of to-day stand with Mr. Jef-
ferson and the old Republican party on this ques-
tion, and not with the oligafthy for whose uses
the so-called Democratic organization is kept up.
• The Democratic party having made what t/ey
are pleased to call the Dred Scott decisioiy the
main plank of their platform, I propose toyshow
what that decision is, what it implies, an£ what
is its basis or foundation.
The facts in this case were as follows. I read
from the report:
<s fa the year 1 &3t, the plaintiff, Dred Scott, was a negro
'.lave belonging to Dr. Emerson, who was a surgeon in the
Anny of the ('nited States. In that ycai, 1834, said Dr.
Emerson took the platntiir from the State of Mis ouuto the
military post at Itock Island, m the Ktnte of Illinois, and
held him there as a slave, until the month of ApiiJorMay,
18'J6. At the time lan mentioned, said Dr. Einerson re-
moved the plaintiff Irom said military post at Rock Inland
to the military post at Fort Snelhng, situate on the west
hank ot the Mississippi river, 111 the Territoiy known as
l/pper Louisiana, acquired by the United States ufFiance,
ami f-ituate north of the latitude of 36° 30' north, and north
j of the State of Missouri; said Di. Emerson held the plain-
1 tiff 111 slavery at FoitHnelimg fr«§n the said last-mentioned
date until the year 1833.'' * * * * *
In the year 1838, '•aid Dr. Emerson removed the plain-
tiff fiom said Fort Snellm^ to the State of Missouri, where
he lias ever since resided.'3 i
In the year 1838, Dr. Emerson sold the plain-
tiff to the defendant, Sandford.
The defendant pleaded 111 abatement to the juris-
diction of th<5 court, that the plaintiff was not a
citizen of the State of Missouri, because he was a
negro of African descent, and his ancestors were
of pure African blood, and were brought into this
country and sold as negro slaves.
The court sustained the plea in abatement, and
dccided that, conceding the plaintiff to be a free-
man, he was not, under the Constitution, a citizen
of the State of Missouri or of the United States,
for the reason that he was a negro of African
descent, and that his ancestors were of pure Af-
rican blood, and brought to this country and sold
as slaves. This adjudication, of course, termin-
ated the case, and Dred Scott^vas turned out of
court.
But after the court had thus made an end of the
suit, and declared that there were no parties be-
fore them, the slaveholding majority proceeded
to inquire whether, in point of fact, the plaintiff
was a freeman; and this brought them to a con-
sideration of the question of the validity and con-
stitutionality of the Missouri compromise restric-
tion, and their opinion, which, for convenience
sake, I shall hereafter speak of as a decision,
although it was not a decision in any proper or
legal sense, was, that this restriction was uncon-
stitutional and void,and that Dred Scott remained
a slave. Their opinion was clear and explicit,
that neither Congress nor the people of a Terri-
tory had authority, under the Constitution, to
legislate for the exclusion of slavery from any of
the Territories of the United States. By the Con-
stitution itself, they argued, slaves were recog-
nized and known as property; " the right of prop-
erty in slaves," they said, was " distinctly and
expressly affirmed" in that instrument, and the
only authority conferred upon Congress was " the
power coupled with the duty of guarding and
protecting the owner in his rights
These judges readily admitted that, but for the
constitutional sanction of slavery, it would be
fully competent for Congress to legislate for its
regulation or prohibition in the Territories. They
stated that the court had decided in a previous
case that the power of Congress to govern the
Territories was "unquestionable," and added,
" in this we entirely concur, and nothing will be
found in this opinion to the contrary;" thus de-
stroying, root and branch, the whole doctrine of
popular or squatter sovereignty. But inasmuch
as the Constitution has taken hold of slaves as
property, and thrown its protection and guaran-
tees around that species of property, it "results,
they maintained, that Congress, which is itself the
cieature of the Constitution, cannot have power
to destroy or impair that which the Constitution
affirms and protects. Now, if it be true that
slaves are property under the Constitution of the
United States, which is the supreme law; that
this instrument, which governs and controls, in
respect to all questions upon which it speaks,
within all the States, as well as Territories, at-
taches to a particular class of human beings the
character and imprints upon them the stamp of
property, and confers upon Congress " the power
coupled with the duty of protecting this prop-
erty," for the reason that it is property by a con-
stitutional recognition, it will be difficult to resist
the conclusion to which these judges have arrived;
nay, it will be impossible to resist it, or that other
conclusion to which this decision reaches, namely:
that this kind of property may be taken,
held, used, bought and sold, in each and all
of the States of tub Union. This result, in-
evitable from the Dred Scott decision, is what will
be judicially asserted whenever the time shall
come—and come it will if the Democratic party
remains in power but a few years more—for rais-
ing the question; whenever, in the opinion of
those who control the court, the time is ripe for
such a decision; or, in other words, whenever the
oligarchy shall believe that the northern people
will submit to it, and consent that every State in
the Union shall be a slave State. The real and
overshadowing question which by this decision
is presented to the country, is not whether free-
dom is national, but is whether it has even a sec-
tion where it may dwell; it is whether slavery is
not national and universal.
