I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851;
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. The Issues: Dred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Reps:
It is clear that whatsoever is property by the
highest law of the land, is entitled to the rights,
immunities, and protections of property wherever
that highest law prevails. The Constitution of
the United States is in force in every State of the
Union; and alJ laws of Congress, all laws of
States, and all State constitutions, which are in
conflict with its provisions, are inoperative and
void. If a slave is property, by or under the au-
thority of the Federal Constitution, this relation
or character cannot be destroyed, or injuriously
affected, by the constitution of a State; for where
ever and in whatever respect these constitutions
are inconsistent with each other, the latter must
yield to the former. If the Constitution of the
United States declares that a man held as a slave
is property, he may be so held, treated, and re-
garded in all places where that fundamental and
supreme law is in operation; and a provision in
the constitution of the State of Maine, that there
shall be no such thing as property in men within
that State, cannot stand a moment against the
Constitution of the United States, which says
that there may be; and the theory of the practical
exclusion of slavery by unfriendly legislation is
fallacious and wholly inadmissible; it is as unsound
as it is dishonest. If the chattelship of a slave is
recognized and secured by the Constitution of the
United States, it is something more than a merely
nominal recognition; for asecurity which is merely
nominal is no security at all. The constitutional
guarantee or protection is of no account, if the
States, or Territories, or Congress, may at their
pleasure render that which is the subject of pro-
tection valueless, or not worth possessing. But
if it should be conceded, as I will not deny it may
be, that the State Legislatures, and the legislative
authorities for the Territories, whether Federal
orlocal, may pass laws regulating the possession,
use, sale, and enjoyment of property in general;
if they may, by taxation or otherwise, render the
holding of any particular kind of property un-
profitable and burdensome, it does not follow that
they have such power over slave property, and
they have not, if the Dred Scott decision be good
law, and for this obvious reason: that of all things
on earth, of all articles, of all names and descrip-
tions of chattels, goods, wares, and possessions,
(with the exception of-slaves,) not one is made
property by the Federal Constitution; not one is
recognized in name or by implication as property.
The Constitution recognizes undoubtedly the idea
of property; but the specific articles or things
which shall be held and regarded as such it does
not name or indicate, with the single exception
(if the doctrine of the judges of the Supieme
Court and the Democratic party be sound) of
negro slaves. It does not make horses psoperty,
or recognize them as property, and so it is en-
tirely competent for any State or Territory, by
its law-making power, to declare that there shall
be within its jurisdiction no such thing as prop-
erty in a horse; whatever is property by stat-
ute may be deprived of that character by stat-
ute; and whatever by the common law, or by
the understanding and consent of mankind, is
regarded as property, may cease to be such in any
country, if the law-making power thereof shall
so determine. Of the truth of this proposition
there can be no doubt; it is acted upon every year
in the States, and in all sovereignties. The Slates
are sovereign, except in so far as their power is
limited by the Constitution of the United States. It
is not claimed that the power of the States to de-
clare what shall or shall not be treated as prop-
erty within their own limits has been taken from
them, always excepting the one case ot slaves.
One State has provided by legislation that there
shall be 110 property in cart-wheels of less than a
certain width; another, that there shall be no such
thing as property within its jurisdiction in game
cocks; another, that an inferior and vicious spe-
cies of cattle, which were being brought into it
from a neighboring country, shall not be intro-
duced, held, or kept as pioperty, within its limits;
another, that there shall be 110 protection to, and
no property in, domestic liquors; and when the
question of the power of the State to pass such a
law was raised and presented to the Supreme Court
of the United States, that tribunal decided in fa-
vor of the power. Thus, in all cases, and in rcf-
ence to all kinds of property, except slave prop-
erty, the States and Territories have unlimited
power, and if they may deny the fact of property
in any particular article or thing, they may, of
course, regulate its use and enjoyment.
The truth is, this question of property belongs
exclusively to the local sovereignties, and the
Constitution of the United States does not in any
manner recognize slaves as property. In this
country, where the Federal Constitution is silent
upon the subject of whg.t is oris not property, the
only limitation upon State authority is what pos-
sibly may result from the operation of a constitu-
tional law of Congress; as, in the case of a rev-
enue law, the effect maybe to recognize property
in any article of mc^handise imported into the
country upon which imposts are levied and paid,
which article, thus recognized as property by a
law paramount to any State authority, must be
respected and treated as such within the States;
and if this he true, it illustrates the position, that
whatever is property under a recognition superior
to State authority enjoys a special protection. If
imported liquors are entitled to such protection by
operation of a constitutional law of Congress, a
fortiori is slave property, by virtue of the Consti-
tution itself. *
The power of the Territories over property is
derived from their organic acts, and is generally,
if not always, (with the exception of slavery pro-
hibitions,) unrestricted by such acts, so that the
authority of Territorial Legislatures, in respect
to property, is similar to that of State Legisla-
tures; and the celebrated axiom of Mr. Clay, that
" that is property which the law makes property,"
is true in the States and Territories alike; thatis,
true in respect to all things which are the rightful
subjects of property—winch are susceptible of
being made property by any human law. Hence
it comes that each State and Territory decides for
itself what shall be known and respected as prop-
erty within its jurisdiction. Whatever the law
of Massachusetts makes property, is property in
that State; and whatever the law of Nebraska
makes property, is property in Nebraska; and
nothing is, or can be, property in either, in viola-
tion of the local law; and nothing can be property
in any State or Territory because it is property
anywhere or everywhere else. The law of Maine
must govern in that State, and not the law of
North Carolina; the law of Nebraska must gov-,
ern in Nebraska, and not the law of Alabama.
There is no hardship or inequality in all this; the
same law applies to all, residents and non-resi-
dents. The citizen of New York, who removes
to Nebraska with his property, does not hold it
in Nebraska because it was property in New
York, hut simply because he finds it to be prop-
erty 'in Nebraska by her own law. His title
there does not necessarily rest upon the fact that
it is property by the general consent of'thc civil-
ized world; for, notwithstanding that general
recognition, it may lose its character of property
in Nebraska by the force of her local legislation
But the States and Territories can pass no un-
equal laws, and deprive one description of per-
sons or citizens of rights enjoyed by others; they
cannot enact that a horse may be property in the
hands of one man, and not in those of another;
they may impose nojunequal taxes, or make un-
just discriminations between residents and non-
residents, natives and foreigners, citizens of one
State and citizens of another State—in this sense,
one cannot be deprived of his property without
due process of law—but whenever, in the judg-
ment of the law-making authority, the good and
welfare of the people, and the advancement of the
State will be promoted by a general law, operating
upon all alike, which shall remove from any arti-
cle, before held as property, that character or re-
lation, itmay do so; otherwise, it is not sovereign.
From this examination of the Dred Scott de-
cision, we perceive the startling character and far-
reaching corsequencesof the new claims of the oli-
garchy. We find that this Constitution of our
fathers, in which Madison would not allow the
idea of slavery to be seen at all, and which was
accepted as a great charter of human rights under
which it was hoped the people of the United
States might be able to.rid themselves of this ac-
knowledged evil, carries slavery, of its own force,
into evciy State as well as every Territory of
the United States, and plants it there so deeply
and firmly that no power remains adequate to its
expulsion. The States may prohibit or discour-
age everything else; but slavery is of so much
greater utility and necessity than any otherprop- *
erty, that it iias been clothed upon .with sanctity
by the Constitution itself, and . is inviolable.
The expedient of unfriendly legislation, it has
been seen, is not admissible, for the subject to
which it is to be applied cannot be affected by,
it; the property in this case is not^ like ordi-
nary property, .within the control of State le-
gislation, but it is property that has been raised
by the Constitution of the United States to a
position where it is unassailable. Any local law
impairing a right which rests upon a special con-
stitutional sanction must be declared inoperative,
of course. Property founded upon such a right
cannot be subjected to any laws or regulations
more onerous than are made to apply to other
property, or perhaps than attach to the most
favored descriptions of property; certainly, any
invidious legislation, and all regulations discrim-
inating against it, would be unconstitutional. The
laws protecting other property would protect this;
actions of case, trespass, replevin—in fine, all the
appropriate remedies for injuries' to property—
would lie as well for torts to this property as to
any other. To maim a slave would be trespass;
to steal him would |>e larceny. So, an affirmative
code for the protection of slave property would in
almost every conceivable case be unnecessary, and
unfriendly legislation would in all cases be nuga-
tory. What cannot be done directly cannot be
done indirectly. I say this, it will be understoo 1,
upon the assumption that the Dred Scott decision
is right, and is to be carried out in all its implica-
tions by'the Federal courts, as it undoubtedly will
be, so long as the Democratic party continues in
power.
Mr. Chairman, if the Dred Scott decision its
good law, and it shall be acquiesced in as such,
the question of freedom or slavery in this country
is irrevocably settled; the Constitution which the
builders constructed is already overthrown, and
the Union for liberty and republicanism, which
rested thereon, exists no longer; and the founda-
tions of a Union for a grinding servitude on the
one side, and an arrogant oligarchy on the othei,
to be erected upon its ruins, have been com-
menced.
I have dwelt at length upon this branch of my
subject, because I perceive that this decision em-
braces and involves every question in respect to the
existence,extension, and perpetuation of slavery.
It is the essential platform oftlieDemocraticparty;
it covers every claim that the oligarchy sets up; it
forbids the prohibition of slavery extension; it de-
clares, in effect, that the Constitution, ex propno
vigorc, carries slavery into every Territory and
every State of tta Union, and extends to slave prop-
erty a degree of favor and protection such as is
accorded to no other kind of property; it vindi-
cates the slave trade, and demands, by an impe-
rious logic, its reopening and legalization; for, ifit
is true that negroes have "no rights which white
men are bound to respect," if their normal and
rightful status—I hardly know what word to use
when I speak of a man as a thing—is that of
property, and if this is so plain that the Supreme
Court is bound to say that it is true, although the
Constitution makes no reference to them as such,
with what propriety can the importation of them
be made piracy? What good reason can be given
for such a restriction as is contained in the laws
against the slave trade, upon what is in itself a
legitimate subject of commerce? Why make it
criminal to import slaves, when property in them
already within the United States is more highly
favored by the Constitution than property in any
other form ?
I come now to inquire in regard to the basis or
foundation of this extraordinary decision': to as-
certain and examine the grounds upon which it
rests; and I discover that they are as follows:
I. That whereas, by the opinions of the civil
ized world before and at the time of the formatior
of the Constitution, negroes of African descent
were an inferior race, fit only to be slaves, and
intended by their Creator to occupy that place or
status in the world, it could not have been under-
stood that they were to be citizens of the United
States. They were regarded as the subjects of
