1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
amendment referred to laws recognized by the
State. Now, you strike out the word "law,"and
•remit it altogether to the usage. "Who is to ascer-
tain what the usage is ?
Mr. LANE. If the Senator from Virginia will
allow me, I will explain to him what he may un-
derstand by the usages of the miners. Whenever
rich diggings are discovered, the miners at once
agree among themselves as to the quantity of land
each one shall be entitled to. It is an agreement
by them. It is by them written down and under-
stood;'and each miner has the right, under the
usage or under the rules established by miners,
to the quantity of land they provide each man
shall have. Acclaim, for instance, is often re-
stricted to sixty feet in length and thirty or forty
in width; sometimes larger; hut whatever it is, it
is fixed. Every miner takes his claim according
to that usage, according to the rules or agreements
fixed by the miners, and all that come in subse-
quently are entitled to claims of like size. No one,
I believe, has ever undertaken, in the mines, to
violate these rules. A very important lawsuit
grew out of a claim of this kind in Douglas county,
Oregon. There the miners had agreed that a cer-
tain number of feet in length and width should be
the extent of the claim. The mines wore found
to be very rich. Subsequent to the arrangement,
a party came in and jumpeda portion of the claims
that had been set apart under this regulation for
one of the miners. An injunction was obtained,
and his working of the mines was stopped. The
case became^a very large one, involving a large
amount of ijioney; but the court, in that case, de-
cided that the usage of the mines was the law, and
the man was reinstated in his right.
There is nothing more plain, nothing better
understood in the world, than the laws or usages
of the miners. They are just and fair, and every
man who goes knows what the law is. He
knows his rights; he can have them. I have
known but few instances where a miner has at-
tempted to deprive another miner of the right of
working the claim that he had a right to under
the agreement of the miners. It differs. In some
mining districts, where the mines are very rich,
the claims are small, so that all may have an op-
portunity of working them. Where the mines
are not very rich, the quantity of land given to
each miner is larger, greater in extent, and it pre-
vails in that district; it is the law for that particlar
mining locality. Every one understands it, and
every one is governed accordingly. There is no
variation from this rule. It was my fortune to
work in the mines for some months. 1 dugout with
my hands several thousand dollars of gold, and I
understand well these usages. There is no va-
riation from this rule of equal right in the mines,
each man having a right to a claim of the same
extent, except the prospector who discovers the
mine. He, according to all the rules of all the
localities, is entitled to double the quantity of
those who come afterwards.. It is an invariable
rule. There can be no trouble growing out of
this amendment, guarded as it is. It is a good
amendment, and ought to be adopted; and I trust
the proposition will become a portion of the home-
stead bill.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to ask the Senator
what is the object, then, of striking out the words
" according to the laws and usages ?"
Mr. LANE. That refers to the laws of the
States.
Mr. MASON. So I understand. What is the
object of striking out the reference to the laws of
the States ?
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] objected to the phraseology, " laws and
usages." 1 want to get the principle that is em-
bodied in the amendment; and the Senator from
Ohio, not now in his scat, [Mr. Pugh,] proposed
this, to meet the objections of the Senator from
Delaware* I preferred the original phraseology,
but this answers the purpose; and, therefore, in
order to get cleaiiiof the objection of the Senator
from Delaware, and probably of others, we agieed
to this amendment. The mining usages answer
our purpose, which the Senator from Oregon has
so well explained.
Mr. WADE. What would bo the effect of
moving to lay this amendment on the table?
Would it carry anything; but the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
It carries the bill with it.
Mr. WADE. The bill will be talked to death,
then, I fear.
Mr. GWIN. Oh, no; we shall have a vote on
it in ten minutes. I have not another word to
say; I only ask a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on amending the amendment, by striking out, in
line nine, the words "laws and" and the word
" the;" so as to read: " use and benefit according
to the usages of mining within said State."
Mr." MASON. I inquired yesterday, when this
subject was up, what reason there was for this
legislation. The miners are in full possession of
the mines. They dig where they please, and they
take all the profits to themselves; and the Federal
Government, to whom the lands belong, has not
interfered, so far as I am informed, in any way
whatever to affect them, nor am I aware that there
is a disposition anywhere at present to interfere
with these miners. The answer given was, that
the Federal Government retains the power over
these mines, non obstante this legislation; and that
it would give to the miners some Reasonable as-
surance that they would not be interfered with, and
thus they would bo able to build up a credit on
their possessory rights under their usages, which
they do not possess now. I submit that, if such
be the working of the proposition—and I presume
it will be—then they will acquire a right, not a
right to be enforced in a court of law, if you
please, but a right from which this Government
can never disentangle itself. We shall, by per-
mission at least, have enabled them to establish a
credit on their possessory rights in the mines,
whatever they may be worth, which we shall
never be able afterwards to interfere with in any
form whatever. I should really think that the
permission to go on the public land and take the
valuable fruits of those lands without stmt or
limit; to parcel them out among themselves; to
agree as to the manner ill which the property
shall be enjoyed, is as much as any reasonable
people would desire. I should be very sorry to
differ from the honorable Senator from Oregon,
for whose opinions and good judgment I have
really profound respect; but I say if the Govern-
ment touches the thing by legislation with its little
finger, it will make an impression, that time will
never remove, to the detriment of the public
property.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know no reason why
the usages of the miners should prevail in Cali-
fornia a'iid Oregon, and not also prevail in Arizona
and Pike's Peak. I propose, therefore, to amend
the amendment, by striking out the words " States
of California and Oregon," and inserting: "the
several States and Territories of the United
States;'' leaving the law general—applying to all
the States and Territories alike.
Mr. GWIN. 1 ask the Senator if there are any
mining usages in those Territories?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is mining going on
in Arizona, and also at Pike's Pealt.
Mr. GWIN. But arc there any established
usages?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They are not, perhaps,
as old as those in California, but there is a usage
theie.
Mr. GWIN. Are there any?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator know the fact?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I know there may be.
Mr. GWIN. We can pl-ovide for it when we
know the fact. I hope the amendment will not
be embarrassed in that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not propose to dis-
cuss it
Mr. DAVIS. There were many usages in the
region of country which the Senator from Wis-
consin represents, in the lead mines; and the lex
non scripta of those lead mines made a more equal
adjustment than we could by any legislation here.
Tiie innate sense of justice, which seems to pre-
vail amongst all men, induces them to do what is
proper, particularly with a knowledge of the facts
that we cannot possess. I believe they adminis-
ter justice more equally among themselves than
we can do it for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Wisconsin to ihe amendment,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It makes it general, ap-
plicable to all the States and Territories, without
limiting it to California and Oregon.
Mr. RICE. The Senator from Wisconsin, who
has offered this amendment, is a member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and I presume he
j is aware that in Pike's Peak there is not a foot
of land to which the Indian title has been extin-
guished; and does he wish to inaugurate the prin-
ciple of Congress permitting citizens to go and
take the lands from the Indians without the as-
sent of the Indians having been obtained by the
General Government ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Min-
nesota will give way, I will, with the consent of
! the Senate, withdraw my amendment; simply
I saying that I regard this question about the min-
ing being controlled by the usages of the miners,
by an amendment of this kind, as being subjcct
to a great many difficulties and embarrassments,
and it ought to be provided for by a bill covering
the whole subject of mining in all the Territories
of the United States. It ought to be provided for
in a bill by itself, and not be put upon this home-
stead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia as it has been modified.
Mr. WADE. On that I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not know, sir, what may
bc^the sense of the Senate upon this amendment;
but, in my opinion, it ought not to be adopted.
If we are to make a law here to regulate the min-
ing in California by the usage that prevails among
the miners, we are adopting, to say the least of
it, a very unccitain species of legislation, and one
for which, in my mind, there is no sort ofusc or
necessity. It is said by the advocates of it, that
it gives the persons who are there now the privi-
lege of mining according to the usages'that actu-
ally prevail among the miners. If that is all, I
cannot see, for my life, what necessity there is for
the amendment at all. Their usages prevail there
now. The Government has not interrupted them
in any manner in the exercise of the nrivilege of
going there and working upon the Government
lands and extracting gold; nor does it propose to
interfere with them in any form or at any time,
so far as we have seen. No movement has been
made of that kind.
Then what do we effect by the amendment in
that respect? We effect just nothing at all. We
leave the thing precisely where it stands now.
What those usages are, we do not know; yet we
are undertaking here solemnly, by a law of the
United States, to establish that miners there shall
have privileges according to the usages that pre-
vail among them. What sort of legislation is
this? Would it be at all creditable to the Con-
gress of the United States—I mean no disrespect
to any gentleman whatever—to pass a law of that
kind, undertaking to establish rights there among
the miners, and that upon vague and uncertain
usage which may prevail there to-day, when an-
other usage may prevail to-morrow?
But, sir, 1 apprehend that that is not the whole
effect of this amendment. What does it propose?
To allow anybody to go upon any land contain-
ing minerals in the States of California and Ore-
gon, and to work any mineral lands there for his
own use and benefit. The Senate will perceive
that there is no sort of exception here as to any
mining property in California. I took occasion
yesterday to make a remark about the famous
Almaden mine. What is to prevent the persons
who have been in possession of that mine from
continuing to work it for their own use and ben-
■ elit' Yet we all know that there is a suit going
I on between the United States and the claimants
i to that mine, and has been going on for a good
I while. The claimants have been enjoined, and
the case is now pending either in the Supreme
Court here or in the courts of the United States
in California; and we arc undertaking to interfere
here, and say by this amendment (for I say that
is the effect of it) that any person or persons may
enter upon that property and continue to work it
for their own use and benefit.
Again, sir: what further does the amendment
allow ? There is a proviso at the bottom of this
amendment, preceded by a clause, to which I ad-
verted yesterday, that the United States would
