2738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
intelligently, would be approved at all times by
the Secretary of War, on a point of that sort. I
approach a question of this kind, of course, with
great diffidence and deference to the judgment of
others.
-Mr. DAVIS. I ask my colleague to take this,
which I believe will cover exactly his object:
And be it further enacted, That each candidate, when ad-
mitted into the Military Academy as a cadet, under the
qualifications now required, who shall make application
for advancement to a class that has passed through the
course of study prescribed for the first, the first two, or
first three yeats,or who, upon examination by the academic
board, shall be found pioficient in the academic course pre-
scribed for the first, the first two, or the first three years,
may be advanced to such a class.
I think that will rcach exactly the object, as I
understand my colleague's proposition.
Mr. BROWN. Perhaps it will; but I ask per-
mission to withdraw my original amendment and
substitute the one which I have just read in its
place, and the Senator from Maine can move his
amendment to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection.
3Vff. BROWN. Then, if they are both de-
feated, my colleague can move his.
Mr. TOOMBS. I merely rise, sir, to beg for
mercy. We had this question before us a few
weelcs ago, an'l it was fully debated. I voted
upon it, as every other Senatorpresentdid. We
expressed our opinions by our votes. 1 voted
with the Senator from Mississippi, for I did not
wish to establish a curriculum of study for West
Point. I did not care to do it. I thought other
people could do it better than I, especially as I
had more important duties to attend to. The
House of Representatives voted upon it. We had
a committee of conference and they settled it, and
we confirmed their action. I think it is a fair
presumption, as we are all thirty years of age,
that we have an opinion on it, and now all I want
is that we may have a vote after this three or four
hours' discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Geor-
gia will excuse me for saying one word in reply
to my friend from Iowa, and that is simply to ask
him a question. He says that he thinks it is the
duty ot our Government to educate these young
men in such a way that when they come outthey
shall come out finished, accomplished gentlemen;
did he mean scholars also?
Mr. GRIMES. " Educated gentlemen," was
my expression.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think you can
make a man a thoroughly-educated gentleman in
five years, beginning with the simple rules of
arithmetic, reading, and writing; and I will say
to him that it was not the idea of the gentleman
referred to, that it could be done in that period
of time, and therefore it svas not worth while to
attempt it, while you might be at liberty to at-
tempt what you could notaccomplish. You could
accomplish a good scicntific education, sufficient
to start men as officers—military men; but you
could not, in addition to that, in four or five years,
give them a finished education as scholars. That
is out of the question.
Now, I should like to ask him another question
for his consideration. How much does he sup-
pose could be gained in seven months towards it?
Will seven months' preliminary training place
upon an equality the young man who goes there
with the simple education that he says they get,
and a graduate of a college? It cannot be done.
You do not bring them any nearer together in any
shape or form. You give them a little more ed-
ucation to start with, but you cannot place them
on an equality. The only way in which the Sen-
ator could accomplish his object would be by pro-
viding that no graduate of a college should ever
go there, and that nobody should go there who
nad attained more than a certain amount of in-
formation. The Senator, it is very clear, cannot
accomplish his purpose in that way.
With, regard to his argument on the other point,
if ho considers it a -bill to equalize the educational
advantages of the East and the West, the North
and the South, in that point of view his argument
is a good one; but 1 do not think it is a bill for
that purpose. This institution was not designed
to raise the standard of education in Iowa to that
of Massachusetts, or to equalize the educational
advantages of any other States'. I do not believe
there is so much advantage in it. And another
thing: instead of many going there, it is a very
rare instance in which a graduade of a college
ever goes to West Point. Yery few do it; and
they do not always reach the head of the class.
There have been one or two instances, but they
are not common.
Mr. GRIMES. As to the amount any man
may be able to accomplish in seven months and
a half, that will depend altogether on his mental
capacities. 1 have known gentlemen to prepare
themselves to enter the highest colleges of this
country in eight or nine months. These seven
months and a half are an ordinaiy year of study.
Not being one of the Military Committee, or any
other committee, except that on Pensions, I have
not given my attention to the subject; but I am
willing to admit, from the light that has been
thrown upon it, that the present fifth year of the
course of study is not of very great advantage to
these gentlemen; but I am not, for that reason,
disposed to say that there shall not be a fifth year
of the course of study, bccause I want to have the
course improved, and think it will be improved if
it be distinctly understood that the fifth year is to
be added to the course of studies.
As to the other suggestion of the Senator, that
the addition of the fifth year will not bring up
gentlemen who are now at the foot of the class to
stand on more of an equality with those of su-
perior classical and educational attainments, I
think the Senator is mistaken. I think, if these
young men enter without education, the longer
you protract their period at the Academy, the
more they will rise,and consequently stand on a
greater equality than those with whom they
entered.
Mr. LANE. I promise the Senate not to de-
tain them on this question, though I have a little
speech in my head in relation to it; but I desire
to vidicate Oregon, and Iowa, too, from the sug-
gestions of the Senator from Iowa. He seems to
think that, if the standard of preparation for ad-
mission to West Point is raised, Iowa and Oregon
will be shut out.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so. I do not
know how the Senator comes to any such con-
clusion.
Mr. LANE. I recollect the Senator's remark
about Oregon.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely said that I thought
the Senator from Oregon, when lie came to reflect
on this subject, would conclude that it was not
the interest of his State, any more than of mine,
to shorten the term of study, but I did not say
either of thorn would be shutout. Perhaps what
lie is replying to is a remark of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. LANE. I only want to mention, in this
connection, that Oregon presented a cadet at the
naval school, a few years ago, who was, I be-
lieve, born in Oregon and raised there, and pre-
pared at the schools in that Territory for admis-
sion to the Naval Academy, and he took his stand
directly number one, the head of his class, and
maintains it to this day.
Mr. GRIMES. I will take the pleasure to in-
form the Senator that that young gentleman was
born in my town, but he does not stand, at this
time, at the head of the class.
Mr. LANE. He was not born in both places.
[Laughter.] At any rate, I have known him in
Oregon for ten years, and I understood he was
born there. Washington Territory sent a cadet
to West Point, who will graduate there this year
with honor in the five-years course. We have
two cadets at West Point; both in good standing.
We have had no trouble in preparing young men
for either school, and I do not think his State or
mine will be affected by fixing the course at four
years. I had intended to give the reasons why
I thought the course should be fixed by law at
that term, but 1 will not detain the Senate now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, offered as a substitute
to the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr- FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the proposition be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. Fes-
senden, which is, to strike out all after the en-
acting clause of the amendment of Mr. Brown,
and, m lieu of it, to insert:
That the term of instruction at the West Point Military
Academy shall not exceed four years; and this provision
shall be carried into effect by the academic stafFTis soon ad
practicable, consistently With existing arrangements.,
Mr. t)URKEE. I have paired off on this
question with the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Sebastian.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Clingman, Collamer, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Foot, Iverson, king, Lane, Pugh, Sewaid, Sum-
ner, Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Bigler, Blight, Brown, Ches-
nut, Clark, Crittenden, Davis, Doohttle, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Grimes, Hale, Hammond, Hatlan. Hemphill, Hunter, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham, Mallory,
Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell, Rice, Simmons,
Slidell, Thomson, Toombs, Tiumbull, and Wigfall—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brown.
Mr. DAYIS. I ask that the substitute which
I sent up for my colleague's amendment be read.
Mr. BROWN. As they are both very brief,
let my amendment be read, and then my col-
league's.
The Secretary read the amendments.
Mr. COLLAMER. When the amendment of
the Senator speaks of two divisions of cadets to
be admitted, it seems to me something should be
inserted as to the ground on winch that division
shall be made. Shall it be made according to
learning and acquirements?
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator had listened, he
would have seen by the conclusion of my amend-
ment that the academic board is allowed to pre-
scribe what shall be the rule of admission. It may
be merit, morals, or any other qualification. The
last clause of my amendment is:
"And the academic stall may fix the standard of merit
for admission into either class, with the approval of the
Secretary of War."
Now, if my colleague will take the first sentence
of my amendment in connection with his own, I
think it will make both of them very much better.
The first sentence provides that the course of in-
struction for cadets now at West Point Academy
shall be that prescribed at the time the cadet en-
tered. It is evident the whole controversy grows
out of the position of the present classes. The
friends of the younggentlemen there do not want
any further terms imposed.
Ml*. DAYIS. I will remove all further diffi-
culty by asking my colleague to appropriate so
much of the substitute I sent up as answers his
purpose.
Mr. BROWN. Then I will modify my amend-
ment to read thus:
That the course of instruction for cadets now at West
Point Academy shall be that prescribed at the time the
cadet entered;—
That does not change anybody's position—
and that each cadct, entering this year or hereafter, when
admitted as n cadct under the qualifications now required,
wiio shall make application for an advancement to ji cla^s
that has parsed through a course of studies prescribed for
the first, first two, or lirst three years, and who, on exam-
ination b> the academic boaid, shall he lound pioficient in
the academic coursc prescribed for the first, the first two,
or the firstthiee years, may be advanced to such class.
As I understand it, then, every cadet stands on
his own merits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Mississippi so to
modify his amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot modify it without
unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE. I will only say that I think the
amendment first offered by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] with a change of a word
or two, is as good as you can make it, and better
than it will be if you mix the two propositions
together. When the cadets apply for admission,
the board will decide at once whether the appli-
cant shall enter the fifth or the fourth class. If
he enters the fifth class, he will have five years
to remain; and if he enters the fourth class, he
will graduate in four years. The other proposi-
tion, as I understand it, authorizes the board to
admit him into the second or third class. That I
do not like. I want every young man who goes
there to stay at least four years; and those that
can go through in four years, allow them to do
so, and let others not as well prepared enter the
fifth class, as provided in the first amendment. I
hope we shall have the vote on the first amend-
ment without alteration.
Mr. DAYIS. Objection being made to the
