1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
modification, I send up my amendment as a sub-
stitute for that offered by my colleague.
Mr. BROWN. Let it stand in that way. Then
my proposed modification is withdrawn, and my
colleague offers his amendment as a substitute for
mine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] proposes, as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of his colleague, what
has been read.
Mr. LANE. That leaves this matter altogether
indefinite. No man can say whether a young
man is to stay there two, three, or four years.
Now, as proposed in the first place, it fixes the
term at four years or five years.
Mr. DAVIS. There is nothing in my amend-
ment making the term either two or three years.
Mr. LANE. It speaks of entering the second
or third class. The second class is the one that
has been there two years, and the third class is
the one that has been there three years. I do not
want any such thing as that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move now the amendment
which I offered in Committee of the Whole, in
relation to allowing interest to certain States. I
shali not debate the question, but only ask for the
yeas and nays. The Senate all understand it; it
need not be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to dispensing with the reading
of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask if that is the same
amendment we voted on before ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Theone proposing to pay
interest to the States ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is very thin, i
We had a distinct vote on that once before. I
suppose the Senator has a right to propose it, and
call tor the yeas and nays on it.
Several Senators. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fact that the yeas and
nays have been ordered, I suppose does not carry
the proposition, but itis open to discussion. [Cer-
tainly.] As I understand this proposition, these
States have once been settled with, and been paid
the principal and interest; and this is nothing
more nor less than a proposition to pay them
compound interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
understand it rightly. There is no such propo-
sition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I do understand
it. I think it is a proposition to pay to certain
States interest upon interest. Where the States
winch advanced the money had themselves to
pay semi-annual or annual interest, or where
they obligated themselves to pay interest, the
Government of the United States is to nuke up
to them what they had to pay. _
Now, sir, what is compound interest? Suppose
I give a note to the President for $100, with in-
terest, at six per cent., and that note runs ten
years, and it is specified upon the face of the note
that interest is to be paid annually. Suppose I
do not pay it at the end of ten years, and suit is
brought against me; what can be recovered r One
hundred dollars, and the interest upon it at six
per cent., making sixty dollars for ten years, or
$160 altogether. You cannot recover §1G0, and
then add interest upon each six dollars for nine
years, eight years, and so on, because it was not
paid at the end of each year.
Then there is an injustice in this amendment,
which I pointed out the other day. It does not
provide for paying interest to States which ad-
vanced the money unless they borrowed the money
themselves, and paid interest to somebody else.
I do not wish to take uptime upon this matter;
but it seems to me that if we are to open these old i
debts, and go back to pay interest upon interest
and this is nothing nwre, as I understand it after
the original debt and simple interest have been
paid, it would bankrupt any Government in the
world. It is a new principle that has been intro-
duced, to pay interest by the Government, unless
in case where it has contracted and-agreed to pay
interest. This thing of interest is regulated by
statute at any rate. The fact is, that I am not
much in favor of interest between individuals, or
States, or in any other cases. I think exorbitant
rates of interest are the occasion of a great deal
of injustice in communities, and among individ-
uals; but when a man engages to pay interest, let
him pay whatever he agrees to pay; and so where
a State engages to pay interest. Rut this is open-
ing all your accounts, and going back to pay in-
terest upon that which has been long since settled.
It seems to me that it will involve the Government
in an endless sum before we are done.
Mr. GRIMES. I have an amendment to offer
to this proposition, which, if adopted, will render
it entirely satisfactory to me; and I wilt explain
it as soon as it is read:
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay
to the several States in which lanrl^ have been entered by
land wairants since 1846, live percent, upon the minimum
price of said lands, estimated at $1 25 per acre.
Mr. GRIMES. Congress has agreed with all
the public land States of this Union to pay five
per cent, on the net proceeds of the sales of public
lands within their several jurisdictions. When
Iowa, for instance, was admitted into the Union,
it was stipulated between that State and the Gov-
ernment of the United States that the State should
receive five per cent, upon the net proceeds of nil
public lands sold in that State; and tile State ded-
icated this money to common school purposes.
There was a similaragreement,I think, with every
new State of this Union. In some of the other
States, the fund was devoted to some other pur-
pose—in some States to purposes of internal im-
provements, and in some, perhaps, to be distrib-
uted amongst the several counties; but in the State
in which I have the honor to reside, and of which
I am partly a representative here, it was devoted
to common school purposes. In 184G, as we con-
sidered in violation of this stipulation between the
Government and the State, Congress authorized
the issuance of land warrants, and directed that
those land warrants should be located upon land
within our several jurisdictions; and they have
refused to pay us the five per cent, upon the net
proceeds of those lands on which the land war-
rants were located They stipulated with us at the
time of our admission that we should receive the
five per cent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What were the land
warrants? What was the consideration for them?
Mr. GRIMES. The land warrants were issued
to soldiers of the war of 18] 2 and of the Mexican
war and of the various Indian wars. If there
was any contract subsisting between the Govern-
ment and these soldiers, it was made long subse-
quent to the time when this contract was made
between the Government and the States; and we
say that "we are entitled to this five percent., and
that it is a legal, subsisting claim against the
Government; but they refuse to pay us. I pro-
pose to add it here.
Rfe-. FESSENDEN. I am rather disposed to
favor it, in the hope that, as this money is to be
devoted to educational purposes in Iowa, it may
bring up the standard there sufficiently high to
enable boys of eighteen to enter at West Point,
by reading, writing, and the simple rules of
arithmetic.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say in relStion
to it is, that this proposes to carry out a stipula-
tion which was made between this Government
and every new State in this Union. At the time
my State was admitted into the Union, you agreed
to pay her five per cent, on the net proceeds of
every foot of the, public lands within her jurisdic-
tion. Instead of selling it, as your laws required
it to be sold at the time you made this agreement,
you authorized the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and all Indian wars, to locate bounty land war-
rants  , , _
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Iowa, if it will not interrupt him, if lie
understands that in case we pass the homestead
bill we are to pay five per cent, to Iowa and the
other land States ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; you have an un-
doubted right to reduce the price ot your public
lands; but you have no right to give them away
to our disadvantage. If you see fit to reduce the
price of the public lands to a minimum value, we
are entitled to five per cent, on that amount; but
you defraud us the moment you give away the
land entirely.
Mr. POLK. I shall vote for the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa, because I think
it is as just as the other, and more so; but if it be
voted on, I shall vote against the whole amend-
ment, because, as I said when it was up before
in Committee of the Whole, I think such a prop-
osition ought to be brought forward in a separate
bill, when it can be examined properly and un-
derstood upon a report from the proper commit-
tee, and not be nut on the appropriation bills.
Mr, CL1NGMAN. I hope the Senator from
Iowa will include the swamp lands that we gave
away also, and put them at $1 25 an acre. That
would be as just as this.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Dixon, Green,
Grimes, Gwin, Iiailan, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham,
Polk, ltiee, Simmons, Slidell, Trumbull, and Wilkinson—,
15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bragg, Bright, Cameron, Chesnut, Clingman, Oollamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Fessenden, FiUputrick, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, King,
Lane, Mallory, Mu.-.on, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Pugh,
Seward, Stnmiei, Thomson, Toombs, Wade, Wigfall,
Wilson, and Yulee—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ivekson.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say that, on
this question, I agreed with the Senator from.
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] not to vote. He was called
away from the Senate; and if present, would vote
for the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have paired off with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbtjry.] I
should vote against the amendment, if I were at
liberty to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bavard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Cameron, Chesnut, Colla'mer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Fessenden, Green, Hammond, Hemphill, Hunter, tverson,
Johnson of Aikansas, Kennedy, Lane, Latham, Slailoiy,
Ma.<on, Pearce, Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Toinson, and
Wilson—'28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bragg, Clingman, Davis, Fiizpatiick,
Grimes, Ilailan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, "Nic-holson,
Polk, Powell, Pugh, Slidell, Ten Eyek, Toombs, Wade,
WigiaN, and Wilkinson—IS.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I believe it is a privileged ques-
tion to make a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER'. It is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I make the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
Mr. LANE. I offer this amendment.
For suiveys of sites and commencement of defensive
works inside of Cape Flattery and at the entrance of the
Columbia river, §100,000. #
I am instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to offer this amendment, and I think it is
very necessary. It is, however, for the Senate to
decide whether it shall be adopted or not. It will
be borne in mind that there are no fortifications
and no works of defense onourPacificcoastnorth
of S.in Francisco. This is to authorize a recon-
noissance and survey, with a view of ascertaining
the proper poinfs at the mouth of the Columbia
river and at Puget Sound for the construction of
defenses neccssary for the protection of our coun-
try. I hope the Senate will adopt the amendment.
I do not wish to talk upon it. 1 will only say that
I think the proposition is eminently right and
proper. It is for the purpose of selecting proper
sites for fortifications necessary for the defense of
this portion sf the country.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. Is it in order to more to recon-
sider the vote on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Grimes?]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
motion to reconsider pending, made by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas. He moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Georgia [Mr. Ivbkson] was adopted.
