1790
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
hundred and sixty acres, and that in a compact body; but
entries may be made at different times, &c.
My object is, that if a settler on the public lands
enters at one time forty acres or eighty acres, he
may afterwards add, in a compact body, other
lands at differenttimes. That I understand to have
been the meaning of the committee who drafted this
bill. My amendment does not alter its purpose.
It will be seen, according to the language of the
bill, that if a party was allowed to make but one
entry, and he could not enter but forty acres, then
he would lose his rights, so far as the remaining
one hundred and twenty were concerned; because
the Land Office would say, " you have exercised
the right of making one entry, and you cannot
make another."
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Mississippi to use the words " one quar-
ter section," instead of " one hundred and sixty
acres;" for it sometimes happens that on the north
and west side of a township a quarter section in-
cludes a trifle over one hundred and sixty acres.
Mi-. BROWN. I have no objection to that. I
will make it read thus: " no individual shall be
permitted to enter more than one quarter section,
and that in a compact body; but entries may be
made at different times."
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to my colleague that
lie will answer the purpose by saying " fractional
quarter section." It may be one hundred and
seventy acres; it may be one hundred and forty.
Mr. BROWN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Ml1. BROWN. In section ten, line five, after
the word "have," I propose to insert the word
" been;"so that it will read: " the same may have
been graduated." It is doubtless a typographical
error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I believe the pending question
now is on the substitution of the Houso bill for
the bill of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question after the original bill is perfected.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to ask whether, if the
House bill is adopted as an amendment to the bill
now pending, the House bill can subsequently
itself be amended; or must it be amended before
the vote is taken on the substitution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must be
amended before it is substituted.
Mr. FITCH. Then 1 have an amendment to
offer to the House bill, not to the bill of the com-
mittee.
Mr POLK. Before that amendment is offered,
I desire to offer an amendment to the committee's
bill; and I do not think there will be any objec-
tion to it. I have spoken to one of the members
of the committee about it.
Mr. FITCH. Very well.
Mr. POLK. Itisi|i line seven of section eleven.
That section provides:
That nil lands lying within the limits of a State, which
have been subject to sale at private entry, and which re-
main unsold after the lapse ol thirty-live years, shall be, and
the same arc hcteby, ccdcd to the State in wluch the same
may be situated: Provided, These cessions shall in no way
invalidate any inceptive preemption right or location.
And it goes on to read:
Nor any sale or sales which may be made by the United
States, before the lands hereby ceded shall be certified to
the State.
I propose to add, after the word ^location,"
the words " or any entry under this act." It cer-
tainly can do no damage, and it may save diffi-
culty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I see no ob-
jection to it. It can do no harm, and it may do
good.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH. I now offer my amendment to
the House bill which it is proposed to substitute
as tin amendment for this bill. It is an additional
section.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
first in order.
Mr. RICE. I desire to ask a question, if the
Senator from Kentucky will permit me. If the
House bill is not adopted as a substitute, will it
then be in order to go on and offer amendments to
the committee bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. BROWN. I hope my friend from Ken-
tucky will allow me to correct a slight error in
my amendment to the sixth section. As it reads
now, U is this: "that no individual shall be per-
mitted to enter more than a fractional quarter sec-
tion." That is not what I mean. I propose that
it shall read thus: "no individual shall be per-
mitted to enter more than a quarter section, or
fractional quarter section," so as to put it in the
alternative. By a rigid construction it might be
said: " you are allowed only to enter a fractional
quarter section." It is a verbal alteration, and I
think it had better be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana proposes to add as new sections to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio:
JinA be it further enacted. That each of the surviving
commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates, whether of regulars, volunteers, rangers, or
militia, including wagon masters and teamsters, who wore
regularly mustered at any time into the seivice of the Uni-
ted States, or employed therein, or whose services as such
have been recognized by the proper authouties of the Uni-
ted States, in any Indian or other distui bances in any State
or Territory; and every officer, commissioned or non-com-
missioned, seaman and ordinary seaman, flotilla-man, ma-
rine, clerk, and landsman, of the Navy, in any of the wars
in jvhich this country has been engaged since 17(J0, and
each of the survivors of the militia or volunteers or State
troops of any State or Territory, called into military service
and mustered therein, siuill be entitled to receive a certifi-
cate or warrant fiom the Department of the Interior tor
forty acres of land : Provided, That the person so having
been mastered into the service of the United States, or of
any St^to or Territoiy, as.aforesaid, or whosesci vices have
been recognized as aforesaid, shall not lcceive said land
warrant if it shall appear by the muster-rolls of the legi-
ment or corps that he deserted or was dishonorably dis-
charged from the service.
Jind be it further enacted, That the benefits and provis-
ions of the second and thiid sections of the act " m addi-
tion to certain aetsgianting bountyiands? to ccrtain officeis
and soldiers who have been engaged in the military bervice
of the United States," approved March 3,1855, be, and the
same are hereby, declared to extend to the officers, boJdiers,
and others provided for in the preceding section of this act.
Mr. FITCII. Mr. President 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought the President
awarded me the floor to move an amendment to
the original bill.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Kentucky, I
believe, desires to amend the amendment offered
by the Senate committee. I presume that will
take precedence of the amendment I have just
sent up. If so, of course 1 will defer my remarks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am perfectly willing
to yield; I only wished to know whether yours
was an amendment to the House bill.
Mr. FITCH. It is an amendment to the House
bill, not to the Senate amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The House bill is not
the bill we are now acting upon. It is the bill in-
troduced by the Senator from Arkansas, I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the adoption of an amend-
ment to the bill reported by the committee, moved
by the Senator from Ohio. To that amendment
the Senator from Indiana moves an amendment;
and that is the question before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But I want to amend
the original proposition, which is proposed to be
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in or-
dcr.now; and will be in order after the question is
taken on the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. FITCH. It is immaterial, then, at what
time the vote is taken on my amendment to the
House bill. Senator** who heard it read, if they
could hear it, will see that it is only a proposition
to extend the present bounty land system to those
who served less than fourteen days. The House
bill gives away the land. I propose to pay a
debt first, and then give away the remainder. If
there is any justice in the land-warrant system,
those who have served less than fourteen days m
some of our short Indian campaigns are equally
entitled with those who served longer to more or
less of our public domain, and especially before
we give it all away. That is the sole purport of
my amendment.
Mr, WADE. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted, It only complicates the bill and
jeopardizes its passage. I hope the friends of the
bill will defend it against any of these sweeping
propositions. I have no objection, if is thought
necessary, to pay those who have been out less
than fourteen days, to do so when the gentleman
brings in a bill for that purpose; but I am not
willing that this great land system, which we are
about to inaugurate, shall be jeopardized by graft-
ing upon it these amendments. This makes it
more complex, and when it goes back to the
House endangers its passage. I hope that all the
friends of the bill will guard it against all amend-
ments that have any other purpose and objoctthan
that of giving homesteads to those who will settle
upon and occupy them. I do not wish to argue
it, because, to argue the bill now is to endanger it.
Mr. FITCH. The objections of the Senator
from Ohio are objections founded upon policy,
expediency; but my amendment is founded on
justice. That is the difference between the Sen-
ator and myself. I wish simply to do justice to
those who are entitled to it. They of course can
partake of the general benefits of the homestead
bill. They would be entitled to their land under
it. In addition to that, I propose to give them a
warrant for forty acres. The debt is due them;
and before I part with the title to the land, as wo
of course do under the general homestead bill, we
should permit them to select their forty acres, or
at least give them a warrant for it, of which they
can avail themselves.
But there is another argument in behalf of it.
Many of these very men may not have the means
of getting westward to make improvements upon
the lands which the House bill proposes to donate
to them. Their warrant, it is true, would be
comparatively valueless after the passage of the
bill; but still there would be some \aluc attached
to it; and even if it were very small, it would en-
able them to avail themselves of the provisions of
the homestead bill. I did not offer the amendment
for the purpose of ensbarrassing the homestead
bill, for I shall vote for the bill; though I am
frank toconfcss that Iprefertheamendmentof the
Senate to the House bill, and shall therefore vote
against substituting the House bill for that.
Mr. WADE. 1 am as much for doing justice
as the Senator is. I wish we could do justice to
all men in respect to every interest, on this par-
ticular bill; but I presume wc shall not b% able to
do it. Here is a system of bounty land warrants
of a character exceedingly extensive; I do not
know how extensive. I do not know but that the
provisions of the Senator's amendment arc well
framed to attain the objects designed; but I know
that Senators, on such an amendment being offered
here, have no opportunity to understand exactly
what it is, and how these men are to proceed to
prove their titles to the land. A man that has
served his country for fourteen days has done, to
be sure, a patriotic thing; but I do not think many
of them would come m and ask pay for it. I think
they would rather let it stand on their patriotism,
that they were willing to serve their country for
fourteen days, or five times that, if necessary, and
not ask to be paid in land or scrip of this kind.
The Senator says it would be worth something.
It will be worth but very little if the House bill
passes, if they do not go on to the land. At all
events, the measure is a crude one, and one not
well understood; and its tendency would be, as I
said before, to encumber, and, I think, endanger,
the passage of the bill; and I hope the Senator, if
he is a friend of the bill, will not press an amend-
ment of this sweeping character.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 rise for the
purpose of simply making a proposition. The bill
reported to the Senate from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands embraces in substance both the House
bill and Senate bill. The design of the com-
mittee was, m part, not to adopt either entirely,
but to embrace the substance of both; and the in-
tention was then to report it to the Senate as an
| independent proposition, and try to get a vote on
j it as an independent measure. I have just one
| single word, in this connection, to say to the Sen-
i ator from Ohio, We have got a pretty fair hill.
| It is pretty well guarded; it has been scanned
| closelyyand it is believed in its present shape that
, it can receive the sanction of every department of
' this Government. Then why not take the bill as
it is? Let us act upon it; and if the bilfmay not be
in one particular as the Senator from Ohio "desires,
or in some other particular as I desire, let us take
the substance of both propositions and pass it into
a law, trusting and believing that hereafter, when
experience shall dictate whatimprovements should
be made, they can be added to the law, and we
can make it more perfect wherever it is imperfect.
