354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th 0oxg....1st Sess. The Issue: Bred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. op Reps.
stone of all true Governments," is a sound one; and
it results that if slavery be not the corner-stone
of this Government, the Government has no good
uud safe foundation. If these positions arc well
taken, the proper and normal condition of some
men is that of ©laves and of property. And, in-
asmuch as the framers of the Constitution were
wise men, and understood this, and in all respects
knew what they were about, it cannot be doubted
that in the fundamental law which they made
they recognized the existence of such a class, not
only as a fact, but as a necessity; not merely as
an accident, but as an essential condition of the
new society; and although they speak of guaran-
tying to the States a republican form of govern-
ment, that was understood to refer to Govern-
ments not monarchical, and not to exclude those
in which, as in the Roman, Vonitian, and other
Republics which have existed m Europe, at dif-
ferent periods for many centuries, the people were
divided into castes and classes. So, when an or-
ganic law was framed, theie can be no doubt—
such is the argument—that its authors regarded
the degraded Africans as belonging to a disabled
and servile class, being all laborers, and stamped
upon them an incapacity to be citizens, and
treated them as the rightful subjects of property.
Undoubtedly, if the doctrine of the Calhoun
Democracy be sound, a very strong agument may
be adduced in favor of the Dred Scott decision.
According to this theory, slavery is of Divine au-
thority, and exists by natural law. It is, as we
were told by the framers of the Lecompton con-
stitution, "before and higher than all consti-
tutional sanctions." God made one class or
description of men, or certain classes and descrip-
tions of men, for slaves, and the Government
which does not perceive and act upon this essen-
tial truth is false and impious.
That the followers of Mr. Calhoun—and they
are now the ruling spirits in the Democratic party
—are fully committed to these doctrines, and are
preparing to accept their logical results, is seen in
the fact that they are beginning to maintain that
wherever a servile and laboring class of black men
cannot be found in a community, their place must
be supplied with white men.
Mr. George Fitzhugh, of Richmond, Virginia,
a political writer of large reputation in the South,
published, in 1854, a work entitled " Sociology
for the South; or, the Failure of Free Societyin
which he said:
" Slavery protects the weaker members of society, just
as do the relations of parents, guardian, and husband, and
is as necessary, as natural,andalmostasumvei&al, as those
relations.
" Ten years ago, we became satisfied that slavery, BLAck
or white, was right and necessary. We advocated tins
doctrine in very many es&ays."
The Richmond Enquirer says:
" While it is tar more obvious that negroes should be
slavi-s than whites—for they are only fit to labor, and not to
direct—yet Ike principle of slavery is itself right, and does
not depend on difference of complexion
In another article is tjie following:
" Freedom is not possible without slavery. Every civil
polity and every social system implies gradation of lank
and condition. In the States of the South an aristocracy of
■white men is based on negro slavery; and tiie adshnce of
negro slavery would fle supplied by white men."
It was to tin assumed degradation of white labor
that Mr. Mason, of Virginia, undoubtedly referred
the other day, in the Senate of the United States,
when he .spoke of the free States as servile States.
Governor Hammond, of South Carolina, a few
years ueo, referred to free labor in terms of sim-
ilar import, when ho denominated our free white
laborers the " mud-sills of society."
III. The court, in the opinion read by the Chief
Justice, rely in some measure upon two clauses
in the Constitution, which, they say, "point di-
rectly and specifically to the negro race as a sep-
arate class of persons, and show clearly that they
were not regarded as a portion of the people or
citizens of the Government then formed." The
best way to negative this statement is to ('Ofid the
clauses referred to. They are as follows:
"The migration or impoitation of such person* a-< any of
the States now o- Utrn« -hall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808, but
a tax or duty maybe imposed on t-uch importation,not e.x-
e<'<\diO£ ten dollar-. lor each pei-on."
" No peison held to service oi labor in one State, under
the Lim tkcrcoj, escaping into another, &hall, in conse-
quence of any law or tcguiation jUe/eiii, be discharged
fioiu  uch &civice or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor inav be
due."
In order to maintain that the " persons" spoken
of in these clauses were incapable of being citi-
zens, that they were recognized as property, or as
the fit subjects of property, it must be shown that
those results arc dcduciblc from other parts of the
Constitution (which is not pretended) or from
the universally known and admitted fact that ne-
groes were an inferior race, without rights, whose
normal status was that of slaves, and whose true
description was that of property. Because it will
be seen at once, that if these "persons" had
rights " which white men were bound to respect,"
if they were capable of enjoying social or politi-
cal relations with others, if they could by any
possibility be entitled to be regarded and respected
as men, or as anything except slaves and prop-
erty, the interpretation of the courtcould not be
sustained. The words used do not imply that
negroes were necessarily slaves—they might be
used in respect to those who could be freemen
and citizens. How are wo to ascertain whether
the " persons" referred to were incapable of be-
ing citizens, and capable only of being chattels?
Plainly, by showing that negroes were meant by
the word "persons," wherever used in these
clauses; and further, that by the universal opin-
ion of the times, or by the fitness and necessity
of the thing itself, or by both, they were of a race
that could not be citizens, and who ought to be,
and of right weic, chattels. So these clauses do
not relieve the court, as they fully understood
they did not, from the necessity of going beyond
them to ascertain the true effect and meaning of
the Constitution. But it will be observed that the
Constitution speaks always of "persons," and
never of slaves or property. And when it speaks
of " persons" as " held to service," it docs not
recognize their service as being in virtue of any
of its own provisions, but as under the laws of the
States. It excludes, carefully and industriously,
the idea or the implication that slaves arc, or can
be, property under the Constitution.
In respect to the clause relating to the slave
trade, 1 will observe, in addition to what has al-
ready been said, that if the framers of the Consti-
tution believed slavery to be right and just, and
that negroes were of a race so infenor and of a
nature so low that they could not be the subjects
of citizenship, and were the legitimate subjects of
commerce, it is difficult to see .why they were so
anxious to ingraft upon it a clause enabling Con-
gress to embarrass and cripple the piacticc or
system—why they should provide for damaging,
if not for destroying, a system which they all—
" the opinion was fixed and universal," you know
—agreed was wise, just, benevolent, and expe-
dient.
But one thingmore remains to me in connection
with this case—if, indeed, it be not a work of su-
pererogation—and that is, to show that the Dem-
ocratic party, as it calls itself, accepts and affirms
this decision in all its parts, with all its doctrines,
implications, and results.
The President of the United States, in his well-
known Connecticut letter, dated August 15,1857,
writes:
"Slavery existed at that period, and ^til! exists, in Kan-
sas, under fhe "Constitution of the United States. Tins
point lias at last been finally decidcd by the highest tribu-
nal known to our laws."
He also says, in one of his messages, that
" Neither Congress nor a Territorial Legislature, nor any
human power, has any autiiouty to annul or nupaii this
vested ught."
Charles O'Connor, a distinguished Democratic
lawyer of the city of New York, in a speech at
a great Union meeting, held at the Academy of
Music, in that city, on the 19th of December last,
said:
"Gentlemen, the Constitution guaranties to tiie people
of the southern Slates piotection to their slave pioperty.
In that respect, it is a solemn compact between the North
aijd ,thp £o}}th?"
In a subsequent part of his speech, he affirmed
the propositions which I have shown are the ba-
sis and groundwork of Pred Scott decision.
He said:
" I insist that negro slavery is nqt mjjust." * +
* * ft I maintain that negio slavery is not un-
just} that it is benign in its influence# jippn tiie white
man, and upon the black man; that it is ordained by na-
ture ; that it is an institution crcated by nature itself."
Nothing can be clearer upon this point .than
what I shall read from a speech delivered by Mr.
Breckinridge, the Vice President of the United
Stages, at Frankfort, Kentucky, in December last:
" Gentlemen, { bow to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States upon every question within its proper
jurisdiction, whether it corresponds with my private opin-
ion or not; only, I bow a trifle lower when it happens to
do so, as the decision in the Dred Scott case does. I ap-
piove it in all its parts as a sound exposition of the law and
constitutional lights, of the States, and citizens thaMnhabit
thorn. It may not be improper for me heie to add, that so
great an interest did I take in that decision, and in its prin-
ciples being sustained and understood in the Common-
wealth of Kentucky, that I took the trouble, at my own
cost, to punt oi have piinted a large ed'ition of that decis-
ion, to scatter it over the State, and, unless the mads have
mi:>carried, thei c is scarcely d member elected to the Legis-
lature who has not received a copy with my frank.
"To approve the decision of the Supreme Court in the
Dred Scott case would seem to settle the whole question
of teiutonal sovereignty, as I think will presentlyappear."
* x x * * * ***#•
" f repose upon the decision of the Supreme Couit of the
United States, as to the point that neither Congress nor the
Terutonal Legislature has the right to ob&tiuct or contis-
cate the pioperty of any citizen, slaves included, pending
the teriitorial condition." *****
" So that, in regard to slave property, as in regard to any
other property recognized and guarded by the Constitution,
it is the duty, according to the Supreme Court, of all the
courts of the country to protect and guard it by their de-
cision whenever the question is biought be'bre them. To
which I will only add this, that the judicial decisions m
our tavoi must he maintained—these judicial decisions in
our lavor must be sustained.
" If pic;-ent lemedics are adequate to sustain these de-
cisions, J would have nothing moie done. I, with many
other public men in the country, believe they are able, if
tiieyaie not, if they cannot be enforced loi want of the
pioper legislation to enforce them, sufficient legislation
must be passed, or our Government is a failure. Gentle-
men, I see no e&cape fiom that conclusion."
And, Mr. Chairman, there is not a particle of
difference in principle between Mr. Breckin-
ridge and Mr. Douglas; and all there is in ap-
pearance, is that, while the latter accepts the prin-
ciples and dogmas of the court, in the most ex-
plicit terms, the former states also their logical
results and requirements.
Let us see how this is. In a speech at New
Orleans, on the 6th of December, 1858, Mr. Doug-
las said:
" The Democracy of Ilhnoi«, in the first place, accepts
the decision of the Supreme Couit of the United States m
the ease ot Dred Scott, as an authoritative iuteipr elation
of the Constitution."
He is willing to surrender all power to inter-
pret the Constitution, so far as he is able, in favor
of the Supreme Court:
" In aecoidance with that decision, [he goes on to say,]
we hold that slaves are property, and hence on an
equality with all other kinds of propeity; and the owner
ot a slave lias the same light to move into a Tenitory, and
canj- his slave property with lum, as the ownei ofany other
piopeity has to go there and cany ins piopeity."
I submit that this covers the whole ground oc-
cupied by Mr. Breckinridge and President Buch-
anan. How, if slaves are property under an
"authoritative interpretation of the Constitution,"
that property can be exposed to unfriendly legis-
lation, in a territory subject to the Constitution,
Mr. Douglas has not shown, and cannot. It is
simply absurd to say that it can be. And so Mr.
Douglas himself understands; for in the same
speech he continues:
k*'And let me say to you, that if you oppose this just
doctrine, if you attempt to exempt slavery fiom the rules
which apply to other pioperty, you will abandon your
strongest grounds of defense against the assaults of the 1ilack
Republicans and jibolitioniUs
Certainly Mr. Douglas saw that the idea of
property in slaves, under the Federal Constitu-
tion, was the strongest ground of defense that the
slaveholders can have. And although he speaks
of the applicability of the same rules to slave as
to other property, he cannot be ignorant that any-
thing which is property by virtue, and with the
stamp of the Constitution, must be unexposed to
attacks which may be made on property not thus
fortified.
But, not willing to stop here, the Senator from
Illinois proceeded to indorse the reasons upon
which the decision is placed by the court, by
denying the natural and clear import of the Dcc-
clanUion of Independence, and complaining of
southern men—this northern Senator complained
of southernslaveholders—for not meeting as they
