1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
sum, and I wi',1 not pay, and you cannot make
me pay it." That is this case. The Govern-
ment is omnipotent; it is sovereign; you cannot
forcc it to do anything. Only an appeal can be
made to the justice of the Government in such a
case as this. These States have these debts due
to them by the Government for money which
they advanced duiing the war of 1812, and since
that during other wars; and they paid interest,
and have lost interest. Now, is it not strictly
just that whatever the States have lost should be
refunded back to them by the General Govern-
ment, when that sum has been paid out for the
common defense ?
The new States are as much responsible as the
old States to refund this money back. I am sorry
to see so many new States voting against this
proposition. Sir, the new States ought to re-
member how liberal this Government has been
to them. Where are your millions of public
lands that have been voted to you ? Millions upon
millions of acres by grants to railroads have been
given to your people. Besides that, you have
received five percent.upontheproceedsof the sales
of the public lands, and a great many other things.
I will not stop to enumerate them. Sir, the old
States have been liberal to the new States. They
not only have done them justice, but they have
been generous—generous even to a fault; and yet
now the new States come here and say, although
they admit that this is a just debt due to the old
States, that it is hard for the new States to ap-
propriate money to pay for a just debt which is
due to these old States. I think that is not alto-
gether generous on their part, and I do not think
it is an argument which ought to be made. I am
sorry to see it come from the new States, because
these things will bring retaliation. If the new
States do not do justice to the old States, it is in the
power of the old States to retaliate at some time,
and they may be induced to do it. I do not say
they will. For my own part, I trust 1 shall al-
ways be not only just to all the States, but gen-
erous to them, as long as 1 have the honor of a
seat on this floor.
This is no new question. It is one which has
been befoie us for the last two years, and every
gentleman understands it perfectly and fully. 1
think there is no reason why the question should
be postponed, because the Senate is quite as full
to-day as it probably will be to-morrow. The
vote was nearly as full to-day as that obtained
the day before yesterday. Gentlemen may have,
upon reflection, thought proper to change their
votes, and others came jn. We cannot be re-
sponsible for the voluntary absence of Senators,
and the public business ought not to be suspended
and clogged on that account. This question has
been presented from time to time, and it should
not be postponed because Senators are not in their
seats.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I regret very
much to have to say a word in regard to this mat-
ter. This is an amendment in which my State,
as has be«n said, is very largely interested She
believes the money is due to her, and she has ap-
pointed agents to attend to her interests, and to
see that it was collected, if the General Govern-
ment could take the same view of the question
that she has done. She lias been induced to be-
lieve so because, in the case of Maryland and Ala-
bama, this General Government has settled pre-
cisely upon the principles on which it is sought
to settle with the States in this amendment. She
makes no claim on account of the John Brown
raid,orany money expended by her in thataffair.
That, sir, is her matter. She makes no claim on
that account on the General Government of the
United States. This is a simple act of justice, for
the claim is cither just or unjust. If it be just,
the sense of justice which governs in each man's
bosom here will prompt him to do what he be-
lieves to be just, and vote for the claim. If he
believes it to be unjust, I am sure that State would
not have one Senator here to vote for a claim on
her account which he believes was not fairly and
justly due to her.
Hut, sir, what is the state of this claim ? She
comes hci'e asking to present no new account.
She comes here to present no new state of facts;
nothing in regard to the money whicti has been
furnished, because that is acknowledged by your
Government otlieeis. That account has beenset-
tied, cjhe does net ask us to change the debits or
the credits. She asks to take precisely the ac-
count which has been stated; and if, when you
come to take that account, you find it has been
stated, in regard to interest, upon principles which
have been pronounced by this Government and
by all the courts of the land to be erroneous and
unjust, what does she ask? That you take that
account thus stated, those items which have been
acknowledged, your oVfn accounts, and if you
believe that in striking the balance you have been
led to that result by an improper and unjust prin-
ciple of calculating interest, you will alter that bal-
ance so as to make it conform to your views of
justice and right; I will not say of equity, but of
justice. If you believe that, it is not just to pay
these States upon the same principle on which you
have paid the claims of Maryland and Alabama,
and upon which the claims of individuals are paid
in every suit in the land, between private individ-
uals, then you will notvote font; you will be jus-
tified in votingagainst it. But if, on the other hand,
upon examining this account—the items are undis-
puted, nobody seeks to disturb or to change them
—you find the rule upon which the interest was
calculated was unjust, would you not do towards
them as you would do towards a private individ-
ual, if you were settling an account between him
and yourself? If it had been settled on improper
principles, and there had been an erroneous calcu-
lation, by which he had been injured, you would
feel bound not to take advantage of any previous
settlement, but to settle with lnm upon piinciples
which should do him entire justice.
Now, sir, if the principle of calculating interest,
which is sought here, be just, then you are giving
nothing to these States; you are only paying them
a debt. If, on the other hand, you believe it to
be unjust, then I say you ought not to vote a cent.
They have no claim, and can have no claim, ex-
cept for what is due. It is upon that ground, and
that ground alone, that Virginia presses her claim;
and if it should be the opinion of the Congress of
the United States that she is not justly entitled to
it, I am sure there is no State in the Union that
would acquiesce more readily ill an opinion thus
given than that which I have the honor in part to
represent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, this ques-
tion, after all, resolves itself into a mere question
whether the Government of the United States is
ready and willing to pay compound interest or
not. If I understand this case, these States dur-
ing the last war expended money partially for
their own protection, and at the close of the war
were very glad to obtain their money without in-
terest at all, no interest being given; but, m the
process of time, they concluded that they would
like to get interest if they could. They then
came and applied for interest; and, as a Senator
on the other side has remarked, interest was voted,
and interest has been paid. This is a mere ques-
tion of whether you shall take the payment made
to the States from time to time, and deduct the
amount paid from the original amount, and inter-
est up to the date of that payment, and pay inter-
est upon that interest from that time down to the
present, ur whether you shall pay the original
principal and the simple interest. That is all there
is in it, as I understand it.
Now, sir, these accounts were closed and set-
tled to the entire satisfaction of the States at the
time. Why should we open a question that has
been closed for forty or fifty years. It seems to
me that it is unjust to the new States and to the
States that were not then m the Union, now to
come and ask compound interest that cannot be
collected in any court of law in any State of this
Union.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will allow mo to correct him.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. 1VER.S0N. He is mistaken about com-
pound interest. The provision of tlio twelfth sec-
tion of the act of 1857, as applicable to Maryland,
and from which this amendment is copicd, de-
clares and regulates the mode of computing in-
terest, and it is this: you compute the interest
upon the advance up to the time of the first pay-
ment. Then, if the payment is move than the in-
terest, you first extinguish the interest and apply
the balance to the extinguishment of the principal.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. But if the interest exceeds
the payment, then 'he balance of interest is ''ct oti
and does not bear interest. That is the provision
of the law. Therefore there is no compound in-
terest; there is no interest upon interest. The
simple proposition is, that whenever jrou' make a
payment, you must pay the interest on your debt
first, before you pay the- principal. •
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; it is the same
thing.
Mr. POLK. By permission of the Senator
from Michigan, I would like to ask the Senator
from Georgia, who makes very coo! and dispas-
sionate speeches, whether this amendment that
he offers docs not refuse payment to any State
that paid cash ?
Mr. IVERSON. It does not refuse it at all.
It only provides that the States shall have interest
that have paid or lost it; it does not touch the other
question. It puts it precisely on the footing of
the case of Maryland. That is all we ask for.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will allow me further to interrupt him but a
moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. As I understand it, no interest
can bo had by any State that advanced the cash;
but if the State borrowed and paid the interest,
then this bill proposes to refund that interest to
the State that thus paid interest, while any State
that paid the cash cannot have a dollar.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a very extraordinary
argument to be presented by the Senator from
Missouri, because that would take out a larger
sum from the Treasury. The day before yester-
day he was opposed to this amendment, because
it was taking a large sum out of the Treasury;
but now his proposition would take a much larger
sum than the proposition presented; and yet he
is arguing in favor of it as against the original
proposition.
Mr. POLK. I wish to say, by permission of
the Senator from Michigan, that I did not know,
when the Senator was speaking before, that he
had reference to what I said. The Senator mis-
understood me in the remarks I made. I did not
say that I was opposed to paying this claim, if
it was a just claim, because it was large. 1 said
it was a very large claim to present to us just
now; and to put m the new States to pay it as
well as the old States, was a pretty hard case to
present to us on an appropriation bill, without our
having an opportunity to examine into it.
Now,Mr. President, I will add further thatmy
objection to this amendment at present is this:
there is uot a Senator here unless his interest or
the interest of his State has led him to inquire
into the thing particularly and specially, I ven-
ture to say, that can say he fully understands it.
I doubt very much whether most Senators, other
than those who have been prompted by the inter-
est of their States to examine it, fully understand
all the provisions of that amendment. It comes
before us without having been submitted to a
committee to report on it,withoutour having had
an opportunity to examine intd the foundation of
the claim.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, he is mistaken in that. I will mention
the State of Rhode Island. I do not expect to
get a dollar for her; and yet, I have examined
every provision of the amendment, and satisfied
myself that it is correct.
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir; and how? This subject
was referred to the Committee on Claims, of
which the honorable Senator is a member; and
as a member of that committee, he may have ex-
amined it; but that committee has never given the
Senate ail opportunity to have the advantage of
their investigations, because ther.e has been no
report made in the case at all. It was offered by
way of amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator will allow me
to do so, I wish to state a fact here. There was
a report made on the subject of the claim of Mary-
land twelve years ago by myself. I n 1854, it was
debated at length for nearly a whole day—from
twelve in the morning to three in the afternoon.
Mr. POLK. The Senator will please to re-
member that that antedates my position in the
Senate of the United States, and antedates the
position of a good many others who have come
m sinee^hat.
Mr. PEARCE. That may be; but the subject
has been discussed in the Senate on two or throe
different occasions.
