I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36ti-i Cong—1st Sess. The Issue: Bred Scott Decision: Parties—Mr. Washburn.
Ho. of Kbps.
should the northern argument drawn from that
instrument. Said he:
<;I must be permitted to tell you, tliat many, even of your
southern men, have quailed under that argument, and failed
to meet it."
They have quailed before the great utterances
of the Declaration, and have been unable to deny
them—he, never. He can deny the immortal
truths of that instrument without quailing;.
That these extracts contain his deliberate opin-
ions, and his real position on this question, ap-
pears from some remarks which he made in the
Senate of the United States on the 23d day of
February, 1859:
" T do not put slaveiy on a diffoient footing from other
property. I recognize it as property under what is undo -
stood to be the decision of the Supreme Court. 1 agree that
tho owner ot s-luvos has the same right to romovu to the
Tetritories, and cany his slave pioperty with lum. as the
owner of any other species of piopeity; and to hold the
same subject to such local laws as. the Teintoriul Legislature
may constitutionally pass ; and it any person shall teel
aggrieved by such local legislation, he may appeal to the
Supreme Court to tat the validity o'j such laws."
There you have it—subject to such legislation
as the Territorial Legislatures may constitution-
ally pass ! And at that very time he knew that
this court, in the decision which he says he ac-
cepts, had declared that a Terntorial Legislature
could pass no laws impairing the right of piop-
erty in slaves, and had said that the only power
conferred on Congress (or its creature, the Terri-
torial Legislature) was " the power coupled with
the duty of guarding and protecting the owner [of
slave property] in his rights."
But compare the resolutions proposed by the
majority and by the minority of the committee at
the Charleston convention. The former were in
these words:
"1st. That the government of a Territory is provisional
and temporary, and duiing its existence all citizens ot the
United States have an equal right to settle with their prop-
erty m the Territory.fWithouttheir rights, either of peisous
or property, being destroyed or injured by congressional or
territoual legislation.
" That it is the duty of the Fedmal Government, in
all its departments, to protect the rights of persons and piop-
erty to the Territories, and wherever else its constitutional
authority extends."
Those offered by the Douglas men, as reported
in the newspapers, are as follows:
"That, inasmuch as differences of opinion exist in the
Democratic party as to the nature and extentot the powers
anddutiesofcongressjundertheconstitution otthe United
States, over the institution of slavery within thcTerntones,
Resolved, That the Democratic party will abide by the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States over the
institution of slavery in the Ten Hones."
And that decision (and Mr. Douglas speaks
of it as a decision in the speech from which I have
quoted) goes to the extent that the slave power is
entitled to all that is claimed in the majority res-
olutions.
But, sir, as if to place this matter beyond all
possibility of doubt, Mr. Douglas, in his recent
speech in the Senate, has renewed the expression i
of his entire willingness to leave the decision of '
the question, whether Congress or the people of i
the Territories can exclude slavery from the Tor- ;
ritories, or legislate to its prejudice therein, to the J
Supreme Court. He read, in confirmation of the 1
soundness of his own position, a letter from the j
Hon. A. H. Stephens, of Georgia, dated May 5. •
I860, from which I make tiie following extract: j
" And if Congress did not have, or docs not have, the j
power to exclude slavery tioin a Teiritory, as tho-^e on our :
side contended and stiil contend they have not, then they i
could not and did not coaler it upon the TeinLorial Lcgi--- !
latures. We ot the South held that Congie^ had nor the :
power to exclude, and could notdeleg.ite a pown they did [
not possess; also, that the people had not the powoi to e\- !
elude under the Constitution; and theieiorc the mutual
agieement was to take the subject out ot Congress, and :
leave the question ol the powei ot the people where the Con-
stitution had placed it—with the courts. This is the whole
of it. The question m depute is a uidicial one, and no act '
of Congress, nor any resolution ol any party convention, can ,
in any way affect it. unless we first abandon the position of
non-intuivention by Congress." {
Now, when Mr. Douglas made this speech j
he knew perfectly well what the Supreme Court j
had said the law was on this question; he knew, j
as everybody knows, what they wii) decide when- ;
ever it is brought before them, to wit: that the
only authority which Congress or the Territo-
rial Legislatures have over slavery is the power
coupled with the duty of guarding and protecting
it. So the only difference between him and his
opponents is, that while the latter ask that the
Democratic platform shall express clearly the
logical results of the Drcd Scott decision, he de-
sires that it shall indorse the decision in general
terms, leaving it open to such interpretation in
the North as he and his friends may wish to give
it. That somebody is to be cheated by the polit-
ical thimble-rigging now being played by the
Democratic leaders is certain; and it is quite man-
ifest who it will not be. It will not be the south-
ern propagandists, or Mr. Douglas; for tho. lat-
ter, in the specch to which £ have just referred,
suggests to his southern friends that, of all the
doctrines now advocated, his arc the best and
surest for their interests
He tells them that it is to the operation of the
principle of squatter sovereignty that slavery has
possession of New Mexico, and of evei y inch of
territory outside of the States that it now occu-
pies; and he asks whether it will not bo likely to
give them more by and by, when portions of Mex-
ico shall be acquired.
I repeat, sir—for the point cannot be made too
prominent—the Drcd Scott decision, with its just
deductions, covers the whole ground of difference
in principleandpolicy between theparties. Who-
ever accepts if, and acknowledges its authority as
a settlement of apolitical question, is, and of right
ought to be, a member of the so-called Democratic
party; and whoever rejects itas such a settlement
is a Republican, and can consistently act with no
other party.
Mr. Chairman, tho prompt and facile servitor
of slavery, the Democratic party, respects no
other interest, and knows no other love. Its na-
tional conventions, its Federal Administrations,
and its congressional majorities, are occupied ex-
clusively with the wants, claims, and exactions
of a single interest—the interest of capital invested
in men, women, and childien, as articles of own-
ership, baigain,and sale. Pray tell mo, sir, what
is there m all this broad land, or beneath the sun,
for which this party labors or cares, for which it
thinks, or speaks, or legislates, except the ad-
vantage, the perpetuity, and the universality of
this thing of human slavery? Turn to the records
of this and the other House, and show me what
policies, what acts of legislation, what measures
of wisdom and beneficence it inaugurates or intro-
duces for tho benefit of tho countiy at large, and
in behalf of all the sections; and especially, what
solicitude it ever manifests for the interests of
freedom, its: agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce, its faims, and shops, and ships I No; it
will pay hundreds of millions for Cuba and an
aristocracy of planters; but to furnish homes for
theU^meless, whether of the North, the South,
the Wast, the West, or from other lands, to en-
courage the aspirations of honest labor, it will not
give an acie of our boundless possessions. Reck-
less of t he noble objects of Government, false to
the true mission of a political party, deaf to the
calls of patriotism and nationality, it projects the
transformation of our political system from a Re-
public of freemen to an oligarchy of slaveholders;
it dei ides the faith of the fathers; it assails the
legislative and executive departments with the
arts and instruments of corruption; it subsidizes
the judicial tribunals, and erects within its own
confines an iion despotism, which strikes down j!
those of its members who would question the in-
fallibility or check the arrogance of its master. j
Mr. Chairman, it is in this unprecedented and |
alarming condition of the country, and against !
combinations and purposes, such as I have de- !
scribed, that the Republican party enters upon j
the campaign of 18(50. The successor and faith-1
ful representative of the republicanism of other i
days, it becomes the immediate and positive en- >j
emy of the modern Democratic party, it is the ||
only organization in the country which recognizes i i
the necessity and acknowledges the duty of resist- h
ing to the utmost the new and dangeious schemes !i
and dogmas of the party which has been so long >i
in possession of the Government. Unlike an- j!
other political organization, it perceives clearly;!
that the time has come when a decisive and un- '!
compromising stand must be taken against the j.
agressions of the slave power; and it feels that
if there is not a party now prepared to say to this i \
power, " no further," it will be hopeless to ex- i!
pect that one faithful and brave enough to do this
will arise hereafter upon any summons that may-
be issued. It sees that if the true and loyal pa-
triots of the country are not justified in resisting
the claims and exactions now made, nothing can
be suggested, nothing attempted, nothing accom-
plished hereafter, which would render it their duty
to make such, resistance; and that they may con-
fess and dcclare that henceforward there is to-be
j no opposition to any doctrine that may be «s-
! serted, or to any injustice that may be practiced,
l however false and fatal they may be.
; What is the obvious and unquestionable- duty
I of the Republican partyin this exigency ? Itde-
: clarcs that its purpose is to resist the extension of
j slavery ; to maintain the Constitutionand preserve
! the Union, by adhering faithfully to the opinions
j and sustaining the policy of tho great men wlio
! laid so wisely the foundations of our institutions;
| by restoring the Grovernmcnt to the principles
' ot Washington and Jefferson;" by resisting le-
gally, but with uufalteriug purpose, the efforts
that arc being- made to convert this fairest fabric
of freedom the round eaith supports into a Gov-
ernment whose cardinal policy and highest duty
is the protection of slavery.
It declares tliat,\vlnleseckingnothingforwhich
it has not the express and certain warrant of Wash-
ington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, and all the
great men of the heroic era, to which they are not
directed and enjoined by them, and for which they
havenotthe plain and admirable chart of the Con-
stitution, and to which they are not drawn by the
fixed and eternal polar star of the Declaration of
Independence, it will submit to nothing wrong,
and, least of all, to that change in our Govern-
ment prophesied and attempted by the Dred Scott
decision.
The plain and imperative duty of the Repub-
lican party is to live up, in all prudence and wis-
dom, and in all fidelity, to these declarations—to
be cai*eful to overate p in no wise the boundaries
of constitutional authority, and in all ways to
respect the rights of the various sections and in-
terests—to keep the word of honor and good faith,
not to the ear only, but to the hope; to show how
fair, manly, and trustworthy men may be who
are sincere and honest; how safe and wise those
who have faith in eternal truths, and who will
not, foi party or office, surrender the deep con-
victions of their minds, but will maintain them to
the end, against all entreaties, all threats, and all
compromises. This, sir, for the Republicans, is
the line of duty and the road to success. We
believe m what we profess in our heart of hearts;
we live there, or have no life. We are strong
when faithful and true, and weak when we act as
if we doubted the soundness of our principles, or
the pohc/%f oar aims. We kno>v and we feel
that the great essential truths of our party ought
to prevail, and that it is our duty to uphold .and
establish them; and we ought to understand that
there is no greater verity than this: that " when
God has told men what they ought to do, he has
already told them what they can."
Let us act in the spirit of this faith, and right-
minded, truth-loving men will seek our fello wship,
fill our ranks, and carry forward our columns.
And thus, succeeding the copflict and the strife
incident to all great and lasting achievements, will
come to triumph—after the cross of trial the crown
of honor. Then, when this party shall have been
placed m power; when its influence shall have
been felt, its pcs&cy understood, and its practical
beneficence realized, another era of good feel-
ing "will ensue, and North and South again dwell
together in mutual fellowship and respect. Their
sons and daughteis will join once more m songs
of deliverance; the earth itself shall throb with a
new joy, the sun shine with a brighter and kindlier
light, and the winds shall quire and the waters
murmur the reverential hymns of peace restored.
Ah*. Chairman, it may not become me, one of
the humblest members of the Republican party, to
make suggestions in respect to its duty, and the
words that 1 have spoken may not be those of
wisdom, but I know that they are the words of
earnestness and sincerity; ana 1 feel that they
come from a heart loyal in all its recesses, and
which vibrates in all its foldings to the Constitu-
tion and the Union,and to that liberty which they
were established to secure.
