356
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
Nl
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HONTEDWARD WADE,
OP OHIO,
In the Hocse op Representatives,
May 19, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WADE said:
Mr. Chairman: The Scriptures of the Old and
Ncw Testaments are admitted by all Protestant
Christians to contain the supreme rule of moral
conduct for all men, at-all times, and under all
circumstances. On this point there is 110 dispute
between the advocates and opponents of slavery.
Hence, the influence of these Scriptures is potent
for good 01-evil to mankind, according as they
may decide for or against the rectitude of human
conduct and human institutions. These supreme
arbitera of right and wrong among men must not
be pressed wrongfully and falsely into the service
of so great a moral, social, and political evil, as
that of chattel slavery.
This is a subject vital to the interests of civili-
zation and humanity on the American continent,
and throughout the world. The doom for ages of
the laboring classes, white and black, hangs upon
the solution of this question. Should the prevail-
ing sentiment of the age assume the verity of this
overshadowing falsehood, then would return that
reign of horror, during which the shores of the
American continent and adjacent islands were
made to swarm with vast multitudes ofwretched
and imbruted barbarians imported from Africa as
slaves. These would take the place of intelligent
and highly civilized white laborers; and these last
be forced back into poverty, ignorance, and that
deprivation of morals, ever the forerunner and the
companion of the unmasterable evils of human
slavery. The tate of the white race as well as
the black hangs upon tlus momentous proposi-
tion. Indeed, should the professed believers in
the holy Scriptures,from indilference, interest, or
prejudice, sillier such a pernicious heresy to pre-
vail, infidelity itself would feign belief, in view of
the profits and pleasures to be derived from this
unhallowed dominion of man over his equal and
immortal brother.
Sir, the magnitude of the interests, moral, so-
cial and political, involved in the solution of this
question, as well as the fact that many Christian
ministers and professors of religion either advo-
cate the oppressor's side, or else stand neutral in
this great controversy, moves me to stand up in
this Hall to resist an en-or, to say the very mildest
of it, involving the morals of the Christian Church
as well as the moral influence of the Christian
Scriptures, and the moral character of the Ameri-
can people.
Mr. Chairman, I come to the discussion of this
momentous question with the deepest sense of my
inability to do it the justice demanded by its im-
portance, and had hoped that some gentleman on
this floor, whose profession had been to study
and expound the Scriptures, would have under-
taken their defense against the insidious and de-
structive assaults made by those who have sought
to press them into the service of human slavery.
Sir, I recognize the Christian Scriptures as the
supreme authority in every moral question.
Hence, for me to know their teachings is to know
my duty on every question on winch I may be
called to act, in my relations to"iny fellow-man,
my country, or my God. Slaveholders virtually
admit this when they vouch the aul hority of Scrip-
ture in defense of slavery. Thus they, as well as |
their opponents, resort to the "higher law''of
the Bible in defense of slavery; while they de-
nounce with unsparing seventy those who vouch ,
uiat same law m opposition to tliatmonsterscourge 'j
of the human race. ]!
Sir, our duties in this life are threefold: to our j
Creator, ourselves, and ourfellow-men. As crea- '
tures of God, we have the right to pursue our in-
dividual well-being by any means we may deem
most conducive to ihat end, provided that in
such pursuit we do not obstruct others in the jj
exercise of the same right. Hence the natural /
right to property is the peaceful occupancy of jj
such and so- much of the products of nature as ||
we need, and which we may find unoccupied by '<<
others of our fellow-beings; and much more have
we the right to all the products of our own strength
and skill, effected without molestation of, or vio-
lence to, others.
This definition of natural rights excludes the
exercise of all dominion by one human being over
another of mature years and sound mmd without
the free consent of that other.
This principle is the only foundation of free
Governments, and cannot be violated without a
breach of that rule of right which the Saviour of
the world has declared to embody the sum and
substance of the "law and the prophets"—in
other words, the moral code embraced in Divine
revelation. Indeed, besides this great principle,
there is no rampart between the rights of the peo-
ple and the power and wickedness of despotism.
But we are told that the " wise and the strong
will rule the infirm in body and mind." Lctthis
be admitted: still it proves nothing. The ques-
tion is not what the strong in mind and body will
do to their weaker brethren; but what they may
justly do. I say, sir, that the just and benevolent,
however mighty, will not rule over the weak and
"helpless, only so far as is consistent with justice
and benevolence. I say further, that whoever has
intellect to know what is just, in order to be dealt
with justly, must be consulted, and induced by
just and hitmane motives to submit to the author-
ity of another man, or of many men, stronger and
wiser than himself. Any other rule, founded on
the supposed right of the strong to rule over the
weak, sets mankind at once at univeisal war in a
mad struggle of brute force, in which the idea of
right is excluded, thereby prostrating the sup-
posed supremacy of human reason to the dead
level of me re brute force.
Sir, if the barbarian be unwilling to submit to
the authority of the civilized, he has a right to his
wild independence, refraining, on his part, from
an invasion of the rights of his civilized neghbors.
If this be not the right of the barbarian, then the
superior, the civilized, the just, and the benevo-
lent, is permitted to demand and exact from the
barbarian what, he refuses to yield himself, and
thereby proves himself both a hypocute and a
knave. He violates the golden nile, setting at
naught the " lawand the prophets." Escape from
this conclusion is impossible. Hence there was
never a slave made and held a slave who was not
so made and held m violation of the letter and
spirit of the moral law,and the express commands,
of the Gospel. By the whole tenorof the Gospel/
in letter and spirit, no man, civilized or sava;
anywhere, or under any circumstances, has
right to lay his hands on another, with a vicvJ to
do him violence, when that other is neither dying
nor meditating a wrong to his assailant
But it is urged by southern gentlemen thai the
Levitical law, and especially the decalogue, rec-
ognizes the right of property in slaves. To this
point the tenth commandment is quoted as author-
ity. This commandment is simply prohibitory:
" 17. Thou shall not covet thy neighbor's house, thou
shall not covet thy neighbor's wife, not hi-* man setvant,
not- hn maul servant, nor his ox, nor Ins ass, nor anything
that is thy neighbor's.''—Exodus, chap. 20.
Now, if this text proves that the servant was
property, and therefore a slave because he be-
longed to the master, it proves also that the wife
was property, and therefore a slave, and belonged
to the husband as property, and might be bought
and sold as a slave; giving the sanction of Scup-
ture as well to wife and child buying and selling
as to servantbuying and selling; and", proving too
much, proves nothing.
But 111 order to understand this command of the
decalogue, it is vitally important to know " who
is our neighbor," in the Bible sense of that term.
Let the Bible settle that important question. Let
us know from the Great Teacher himself, who is
that neighbor whom wo are commanded to love
as we love ourselves. I will give the answer m
the inimitable language of inspiration, and assented
to as just, even by an ancient Jewish lawyer: 1
"25. And hehold a certain lawyer stood up and tempted
liim f-ayin«, Mastei, what shall 1 do to milent ctcru.il life
'■ lie said unto Inin, YVimt is wiitteiuu the law? iiow
reade^t thou ?
•'■Xi. Ami lie answering said, Thou slialt love the Lord
thy Gud wall <;il tliy lie.a t. and with all thy soul, and with
ail thy strength, anil with al) thy mind; and thy neighbor
as thyself.
"28. And lie said unto him, Thou has answered rtaht:
This do, and thou slialt live.
"■29. But he, willing to justify himself, said unto Jesus,
and who is my neighbor?
"30. And Jest!?* answering, said, A certain man went
down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and foil atnon« thieve
winch stripped him ofhis raiment,and wouuded'him and
departed leaving hmi halt'dead.
"31. And t.y chance there came down a certain priest
that way j and when he saw him, hp pas^d by on the other
side.
"32. And likewise a Levitc, when he was at the place
came and looked on hun, and passed by on the othci side!
"33. Cut a certain Samautan, as lie journeyed, came
where he was: and when lie saw him, had compassion on
lum,
" 3-1. And wont to him, and bound up his wounds, pour-
in? in oil and wine, and set him upon his own beiut, and
brought him to an inn, and took caie of him.
"3o. Ami on the nionow, when he departed, he took out
two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him,
Take caic of inni; and whatsoever thou spendest more,
when I come again, I will rppav thee.
" 38. Winch now of these three, jhmkest thou,was neigh-
bor to lum that fell among thieves ?
"37. And belaid, He that showed mercy on him. Then
Jesussaid unto him, Go, and do thou likewise,''—St. Luke,
chap. 10. J
Is this inimitable exposition of the Divine law,
by the incarnate Son of God, right and binding
upon the consciences of Christian men and Chris-
tian nations? If so, the controversy from Scrip-
ture is closed forever!
From the Bible, tlien, we are taught that we arc,
or should be, all of us, neighbors to the wretched
and helpless; not such neighbors, however, as
would covet and convert these neighbors, their
wives and children, to our own uses, and subject
them to tho most abject and crushing despotism;,
but such as commiserate and relieve them to the
extent of our ability, from the degradations of
barbarism and its attendant evils. But this inter-
pretation of the Divine law, from the mouth of
Him " who sits on the right hand of the throne
of the Eternal," is not satisfactory to the holders
of slaves and the traffickers m human flesh on the
coasts of Africa. They hold that, instead of the
tenth commandment being a direct and positive
prohibition of both the act and the motive of en-
slaving men, it is a Divine license for the very ace
of enslavement itself! Their exposition of this
commandment differs very widely from that of
our Saviour, Iiis making it a prohibition of every
unjust act towards any one, even the most de-
graded and abject; while the slaveholder'sis, that,
'although we are forbidden to covet our neighbor's
ox, ass, or servant, we may, nevertheless, covet
our neighbor himself, his wife, and children,and
"everything," instead of nothing, "that is our
neighbor's." There seems, therefore, a mat iced
discrepany between these interpreters. Which is
the safest for us to lollow, think yo? But the
slaveholder., like the nation of which Shylock was
a most vivid type, preferring the Old to the New
Testament dispensation, endeavors to help this
odious doctrine of the Divine ongin of American
slavery, and to that end quotes from the law tho
following passages:
" 41 Both thy bondmen, and thv bondmaid*5, which thou
phalt have, shall be of the heathen thatare round about you ;
ot them klmll ye buy bondmen and bondmaids.
" 45. Moreover, of the children of the strangers that do
sojourn among yon, ot them \e bhail buy, and of their fain-
iliew that are wall jou, winch they begat in your land; and
they shall he youi po,-cpsbion.
"'16. And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your
clnkhen after you, to inherit them for a possession, they
shall be your bondmen forevei, but over your bicthreu the
children of Israel, ye shall not rule one over anothei with
ngor.-'—XecUiciis, chap. *25.
"20. And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with
a rod, and he die under his hand; he viiall be euiely ptmMied.
"21. Notwithstanding, it lie continue a dav ot two, he
fcimil not be pumshud • for he is Ins money.''—Krodus, chap.
On those texts we may justly remark that wither
of them shows that, even under the Old Testa-
mentdispensation,servants bought oftho heathen
were the property of the Israelites in the sense that
negro slaves aie held as property in the southern
States. The expression " he is his money" is
not to be taken literally; for a slave, eitlier Chris-
tian or heathen, is literally neither specie norbank-
bills. The phrase is figurative, and is equivalent,
and nothing more, to the assertion that the mas-
ter had an interest in his servant; ineonsisient, in
the absence of contrary proof, with the presump-
tion that the killing was with malice. The idea
of one having an interest in a servant as a ser-
vant is as true in the case of the hired servant as
in that of the slave.
