778
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
through the mails free of postage be, and the same js
hereby, repealed.
Mr. SPINNKR. My amendment to that
amendment now comes up for the action of the
House.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to know how the gen-
tleman from New York obtained_ permission to
introduce his amendment. I certainly expressed
my objection to its introduction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Ohio yielded the floor to enable the
amendment to be offered, and then moved the
previous question, which applies to thia, as well
as to the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. CURRY. Was the amendment offered
before the previous question was called?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. SPJNNER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon my amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. "WOODSON. I ask whether that amend*-
ment is not debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RUFFIN. What has become of the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Alabama?
[Mr. Curry.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overruled the
point of order.
Mr. WOODSON. I rise to a point of order.
It is that if the amendment of the gentleman from
New York is in order, it is debatable. If it is not
debatable, then it is not in order.
The SPEAKER. By an express rule of the
House, after the previous question has been sec-
onded no debate is in order.
Mr. WOODSON. Do I understand that this
, amendment was offered before the previous ques-
tion was called ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. WOODSON. 1 still insist upon my point
of order: that this amendment, if in order, is de-
batable. If it is not debatable, it cannot be con-
sidered at all by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is in order, and that it is not debatable.
Mr. CURRY. I rise to a question of order. It
is, that the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New York was not read at the Clerk's
desk when he received permission of the gentle-
man from Ohio to introduce it. It was read, it is
true, in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; but it was not read in the House
prior to the call of the previous question, and there-
fore cannot be considered as having been enter-
tained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, as no member called for it, the reading was
not necessary.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I rise to a point of
order. I submit that the amendment is not ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate. [Cries of
" Too late!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late to raise that qnestion.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers upon Mr,
Spinner's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox, and
Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-nine; a furthercount not having been
demanded.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the Senate
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 11:2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.ThomasL. Anderson, Ashniorc, Avery,
Bark&dale, Bariett, Bonham, Boj ce, Brigg^, Bristow, Bur-
nett, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper. Jamc.-Craig,
Curry, Reuben Davis,DoJarnette.Edmundson, Ethendge,
1- eiry, Gartiett. Gartrell, Hardeman, Hatton, Hill. Hindman,
Houston. Jack-on, Jenkins, Jones, Killmger, Lamar, Lan
Sickle'/, Singleton, Stcvon^on.' Stokep^TaylorrThonias'
Webster, Woodruff, and Woodson—60. J
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam*, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alien, Alley, Babbitt, Bealo, Bingham, Blake, Boteler
Bouligny. Brayton, Bu^'iiiton, Uiiioh, KmTmgame, Burn-
wards, Ely, Farnswonh, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Fouke,
Frank, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Haskin, Hel-
mick, Hoard, Howard, Humphrey, Ilutchms, livine, Jun-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, De Witt C.
Leach, Lee, J/oomis, Lovejoy/Marston, Charles D. Martin,
Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, MeKean, McKmahf, Millson,
Milhvard, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Isaac N.Morris, Morse, Nelson, Niblaek, Nixon, Noeli,
Pendleton, Pettit, Potter, Reynolds, Christopher Robmson,
James C. Robinson, Royce, Scluvaitz, Sedgwick, Sherman,
William N. H. Smith, Spaukhng, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
vens, Stout, Stiatton,Tiieaker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble,
Vallandigham, Vance, Vandever, Van Wyck, Wade, Wal-
ton, Cadvvalader C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wilson, yVmslovv, and Wood—112.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
currcd in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Blair, had paired with Mr. Mallory upon
this vote, the former being- opposed to and the
latter in favor of the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. CASE said that he had -paired with Mr.
Davidson upon this vote, he being against and
Mr. Davidson for the Senate amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said he declined to
vote for the amendment, for the reason that he
did not think it germane to the bill.
Mr. WOODSON took the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. WOODSON. Mr. Speaker, without enu-
merating the countless abuses, utter worthless-
ness, and deleterious influence of the franking
privilege, I will say that I consider it a gratuity
not warranted in the Constitution, and not within
the power of Congress to grant.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is a proposition I
should like to have time to controvert.
Mr. KEITT. I ask leave of the House to
withdraw my vote. It seems, by some misun-
derstanding, that my colleague [Mr. Miles] has
been paired off with two gentlemen on the other
side; and, in order to relieve gentlemen from this
difficulty, I will assume one of the pairs myself.
Mr. LEAKE. I move to dispense with the
reading of the names.
Mr. JONES. I object.
Mr. HILL. As my moderate amendment was
not accepted by the Committee of the Whole, I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senate, too
radical though I think it, rather than see no ap-
proximation to reform of the much-abused frank-
ing privilege.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. SHERMAN moved that the votes on the
several amendments be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to?
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question ofprivi-
lege. On the 10th instant a communication from
the Department of State came here, being The
Commercial Relations, and an order was made
to print it. I undeistand that the Superintendent
of Public Printing construes the order to print,
so that only the communication from the State
Department shall be printed, and not the docu-
ment itself, which is an absurdity. I rise, indeed,
to correct the Journal if the Journal will permit
that construction. But one copy having been
sent here, I ask that the Speaker be directed to
request the Senate to return the document, this
House having ordered it to be printed.
Mr. BURNETT. I object. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will call up the question
again in 4he morning.
Mr. Burnett's motion was agreed to: and then
the House (at ten minutes to five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 15, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CLARK. I understood, in the reading of
the Journal, that the Clerk had made a record that
the resolutions of Mr. Brown were those under
consideration yesterday. I understood that they
were those of Mr. Davis. I do not know that it
is material; only I desire to make a motion in re-
gard to one of them at some future time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator was under a misappre-
hension, The resolutions under consideration yes-
| terday were the resolutions offered by the Rena-
; tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.]
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. John W. Forney, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed in the first, second,
third, fourth, and fifth amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1) making appropriations to
! defray the deficiencies in the appropriations for
| the service of the Post Office Department for the
; fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, and in part for
! the support of the Post Office Department for the
[ year ending- June 30, 1860; and had disagreed to
| the sixth amendment of the Senate to the said
j bill.
! CONTUMACIOUS "WITNESSES.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
j hour has been exhausted by the reading of the
j Journal of yesterday; and this being the hour
i assigned for the consideration of the special order,
< that special order being left as the unfinished busi-
! ness, it is the duty of the Chair to present that to
i the consideration of the Senate. The business
' now pending before the Senate, is the bill to pro-
! hibit the issue of bank notes in the District of
Columbia. That, however, is at the disposal of
the Senate.
i Mr. MASON. I desire to make a report from
i a select committee, which involves the authority
; and dignity of the Senate. I look upon it as a
i privileged subject. The repoit is a very short
■ one, and I ask that it be read.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask my colleague if it will
give rise to debate; because, if it doe§, there is an
. appropriation bill which I want disposed of first.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this is a ques-
tion which affects the authority of the Senate;
! and I supposed it would take precedence even of
an appropriation bill. I presume there will be no
debate upon it. I ask that the report be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER- By common
consent of the Senate, the special order will lie
over for the time being, and the report of the com-
mittee will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Whereas, F. B. Sanborn, of Concord, in the State of
Massachusetts; John Brown, jr., of Ashtabula county, in
the State of Ohio, and James Uedpath, of Maiden, in the
State of Massachusetts, were respectively—the said San-
born on the 16th <lay of January, A. D. 1860, tho said Brown
on the 26th day of January, A. D. 1860, and the said Ked-
path on the 31st day of January, A. D. 1860—duly sum-
moned to appear before the select committee of the Senate,
appointed "to inquire into the facts attending the late in-
vasion and seizure of the armory ami arsenal of the United
States at Harper-s Ferry, in Virginia, by a band of armed
men,-' and have, severally, failed and* refused to appear
before said committee, pursuant to said respective sum-
mons: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the Senate issue his
several warrants, directed to the Seigeant-at-Arms, com-
manding him to take into his custody the bodies of tJie said
F. B. Sanborn, John Blown, jr, and James Redpath, re-
spectively, wherever to be lound, and to have the same
forthwith before the bar of the Senate, to answer as for a
contempt of the authouty of the Senate.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution reported by
the special committee.
Mr. MASON. I will say, in a word, that the
facts, as recited in the preamble to the resolution,
are reported as facts by the select committee to
the Senate. The precedent I have found in the
Journal of the House of Representatives. Upon
a diligent search, which I have required to be
made in the Senate, I find that there has been no
instance, apparently, of a witness refusing to ap-
pear before a committee of the Senate. This reso-
lution is in strict accordance with the precedents
of the House of Repirseiitativis.
Mr. HALE. I shall be obliged to vote against
the resolution for this reason, and I will state it
very briefly: I do not believe in the power of the
Senate to bring a citizen of one State out of that
State. I do not believe tho power is conferred by
the Constitution; and, as this is said to be the
first instance, I simply desire to record my vote
against it. I will not stop to argue it. I do not
believe the power exists m the Senate, and I simply
wish that the question be taken on the passage of
the resolution by yeas and nays.
The-yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 46, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. iiayanl, iieniamin, Biglcr, lira.'",
Bright, Brown, Camc'on, Clay. C'lmRm.m, Collamer, Crii
tendon, Davis, Divon, Doohtll'c, Fes-,en<!cn, Pitch, Pitz-
patrick, toot, Foster, (iieen, Grimes liaimnomi.
