1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
Harlan, Haun, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Lane, Mailory,
Ma^on, Nicholson, Pearce, Powell, Pugh, riaulsbury, Sew-
ard, Shdell, Ten JEyck, Thomson, Trumbull. Wade, and
Wifffall—46. <
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Hale, Sumner, and Toombs
—4.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr.PUGH. I wish to move to reconsider that
vote, simply to enable me to say that the question
not having been discussed, I shall not hold my-
self bound by the vote I have given, in any future
discussion of the question. I follow the commit-
tee. I now withdraw the motion to reconsider.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to make a slight correction of a report of some
remarks which I made yesterday evening. The
report is generally a very excellent one, but there
are some errors, of course, which the context
would readily correct. There is one, however,
of some importance, and I desire to correct it at
once. The report says:
" Mr. Doolittle. The assumption of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, in one single word, depends entirely on
the question, whether the law of Congress be or be not con-,
stitutional?
"Mi. Toombs. Certainly.
"Mr. Doolittle. If the law Is unconstitutional, the
whole proceeding in your district court of Wisconsin is a
nullity.
c< Mr. Toombs. Yes, sir.
"Mr. Doolittle. And Wisconsin is right. If your law
ia constitutional, then the proceeding of the court of Wis-
consin was wrong.
"Mr. Toombs. I have nothing to say to that now."
This is an entire misapprehension of what I
did say, except the last clause. "Whether or not
the law was constitutional, the proceedings of the
State court of "Wisconsin I hold to be wrong.
That did not depend on the question of whether
the fugitive slave law was constitutional or not;
but, in any event, the district court of the United
States for Wisconsin having had jurisdiction, there
was no power to seize the person from prison under
a habeas corpus, and reverse the proceedings of a
court having competent jurisdiction; and so much
of the report as makes me admit that, in any event,
whether the fugitive slave law is constitutional or
not, the proceedings of the court of "Wisconsin
were right, is erroneous.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not go into the dis-
cussion of this question now, as I purpose to dis-
cuss that point oh" the future occasion to which I
have moved that this matter be postponed. I sim-
ply desire to say, however, that, if the Senator
from Georgia admits that the law of Congress is
unconstitutional, the district court has no juris-
diction under it; and the propositions which the
gentleman submits, and the distinction which he
makes, that a law can be unconstitutional and a
nullity itself, and yet the court have jurisdiction
under an unconstitutional law, are, in my judg-
ment, preposterous.
Mr. TOOMBS. I merely wished to state my
position, not to argue it. I am prepared to meet
the argument at any proper time.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a statement of
the appropriations applicable to the service of the
"War Department for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the communica-
tion be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
carries the communication to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FITCH subsequently said: "With alj due
deference to the Chair, I think an erroneous de-
cision was made in reference to the printing of a
document. The Senator from Virginia moved
the printing of a document on some subject. I
did not hear it read, but it was a report of the
"War Department. The Chair decided that the
motion to print necessarily went to the Committee
on Printing. That is an error. The motion to
print the usual number docs not go to that com-
mittee. It is only a motion to print extra num-
bers that is so referred. The usual number can
be printed without any report from the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. T only moved the printing of
the usual number.
Tin* PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
very liable to error on these questions, and will
be very much obliged to any Senator who will
correct him. The question is on printing the
usual number of the document referred to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to print five hundred
extra copies of that report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -That motion
goes to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with law, statements
showing the contracts made under the authority
of the "War Department during the year 1859;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER also laid before
the Senate the following resolutions of the Board
of Aldermen and Board of Common Council of
the city of Georgetown:
Jl resolution in regard to a certain bill now pending before
Congress.
Whereas, a bill has been introduced in the Senate of the
United States to prohibit all corporations in the Distiiet of
Columbia from issuing notes or bills ol any kind for circu-
lation in the District of Columbia after the 1st day of April
next:
Be it resolved by the Board of Jlldermcn and Board of
Common Council of the Corporation oj Georgetown, That
the said proposed measure is repugnant to the well-known
wishes of the people of this town ; that, however well in-
tended it may be, it is founded upon a misapprehension of
the true intcic*ts of our people; that if would f-ink us to
the fret of the cities which, enjoying the aids and tacihties
ot legitimate banking, are competing with us for the trade
and commerce upon which we have mainly subsisted for ,
the last sixty years; that it would restrict our resources, i
cramp industry, depreciate the value of propertv, and ma- J
terially decrease our population; that, as the long experience j
of all the commercial cities has taught them that a well- ;
lcgulatcd banking system is an indispensable auxiliary to j
their piospeuty, we cannot perceive why it is not ol equal J
and imperative importance to us; that we object to jt. al o, j
on the ground that while its ostensible object is to di^coun- I
tenance the circulation of paper monev bv our coiporations. 1
it authorizes and invites ihe banks of the States to flood |
this District with paper money, of who.-c soundness and j
stability we know nothing; that we have no objection to I
the passage of an> laws by Congiess which would place our
banks upon a basis ot greater security than may he deemed
now to exist; but we dread the rumour consequence* of a
sudden disruption of a system with which we have been
so long familiar, and with which we will be satisfied until
a more wholesome and congenial one shall have born-sub-
stituted by the kind consideration and wisdom of Congress.
And be it further resolved, That the Mayor be, and he is
hereby, requested, to present a copy of tins resolution to
each House of Congress, as a deliberate and most respectful
expiession of the views of this corporation upon a subject
of grave importance to the people of Georgetown.
JOHN T. BANGS,
President of the Board of Common Council.
HUGH CAPERTON,
Recorder, and President of the Board of Jlldcrmcn.
Approved February 11, 1860:
HENRY ADDISON, Mayor.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the tabic.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of the mem-
bers of the association of soldiers and sailors of
the war of 1812, residing in the western part of
Pennsylvania, praying that pensions may be al-
lowed them; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. SAULSBTJRY presented a memorial of
citizens of Delaware, praying the substitution of
steamers of light draught of water for the reve-
nue service, in place of the present class of sailing
vessels; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Joseph
Cunningham and others, citiztnsofGrcen county,
Kentucky, praying for the alteration of the mail
route from Glasgow to Grcensburg, Kentucky,
and the establishment of a post office at Osceola,
in that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. M ALLORY presented the petition of David
B. Martin, praying compensation for the use by
the Government of his patent vertical tubular
boiler; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of F. Woodruff; which were
lefcrrod to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of William B. Herrick; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ANTHONY presented resolutions of the
city council of Newport, Rhode Island, in favor
of the erection of a marine hospital on Rose Island,
or some other suitable nlacc in the harbor of that 11
city; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
; Mr. HALE presented the memorial of Jonas
[ P. Levy, commander of the United States trans-
j port ship American, during the late war with
i Mexico,prayingtobeallowedbounty land; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Isaac II. Randal!, pray-
ing compensation for extra services performed by him while
a master's mate attached to the Japan expedition under
Commodore Perry, on the files of the Senate, he referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, That Charles Knap have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers fiom the files of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 119) for the relief of A. M.Mitchell,
late colonel of Ohio volunteers in the Mexican
war, reported it'with an amcndment;and submit-
ted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the letter
of the Superintendent of Public Printing, commu-
nicating the seventh annual report of his office,
showing the condition of the public printing, re-
! ported in favor of printing the usual number; and
the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the letter of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, a report of the commercial relations of the
United States with foreign nations, for the year
ending September 30, 1859, reported in favor of
printing eight hundred copies thereof, for the
use of the State Department; and the report was
agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Catharine
I L. McLeod, only surviving child of Ebenezer
I Markham, a Canadian refugee, praying relief on
| account ofcthc losses and sufferings of her father
| in aiding the cause of the American Revolution,
I asked to be discharged from its further considera-
[ tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed to.
Pic also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Money,
praying indemnity for horses seized by order of
Brigadier General Kearny, during the war with
Mexico, and for losses incurred in consequence
thereof, reported a bill (S. No. 174) for the relief
of William Money; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Phelps, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 175) for the relief of George
Phelps; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Richard W. Clarke,
reported a bill (S. No. 176) for the relief of R. W.
Clarke; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also,from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of John R. Nourse, reported
a bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of John R. Nourse
and others; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLARK gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill relating to the mileage of
members of Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, chief
Clerk:
In tiie House of Rfprf.sf.n-tatives,
February 15,1860.
The following documents were this day ordered to be
punted, at the hour of twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes :
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a state-
ment of appropriations applicable to the service of the War
Department, for the year ending June 30, 1859, &c.
Letter tiom the Secretary -of War, transmitting state-
ments exhibiting the contracts made under the authority of
that Department during the year 1859.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
