I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3.5*
86th CoffG....lST Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. 0# Reps.
If a white or black man makes a fair bargain to
serve another, whether that other be white or
black, he is now, under our law, bound to fulfill
his contract; and to the extent to which the bar-
gain is profitable to the master, the servant "is
his money" or property; and if the contract of
service and the municipal law allow it, is as
transferable as gold coin or bank bills; and yet
such a servant is by no means a slave, in the sense
of the slave code of our southern States. Such an
arrangement, freely made on both sides, reason,
common sense, and Scripture, all recognize to be
just, whether the contract be for the life-time of
the parties or a term of years. That this is the
substance of what is to be drawn from those texts,
will be very plain, when we " compare Scripture
■with Scripture," as the Scnpturcs themselves re-
quire, and reason and common sense would dic-
tate; for the Bible must be its own interpreter,
unless we leave it to be tortured and mangled as
self-interest, prejudice, or malice may dictate. It
must be taken as authority for the whole or for
none, and passages which cannot be reconciled in
this way to the satisfaction of earnest and candid
minds, must bo left as destructive contradictions,
proving nothing for either side of any controversy.
Thus the moral teachings of the OldTcstamentand
of the New, must be consistent with themselves
and with each other, or they aire both worthless
as authorities, either for or again stslavory. Things
permitted, however, undera local, and, as it were,
an introductory dispensation, ought not to be cited
as authority against the teachings of the peifect
and final dispensation. But reasonable and just
as it is to demand this position to be conceded,
still i do not ask even this. All I require is, that
the New Testament shall be conceded to be the
finishing and perfection of the Old, and that where
these differ, if they do differ, the New Testament
shall be held to be the superior.
The first great inquiry m this discussion is, by
what authority, according to the Scriptures of the
Old and .New Testaments, or by the New Testa-
ment alone, is one man of mature years to be sub-
jugated to another, and held in the condition of a
slave? or by what tight, derived from the same
authorities, is au infant to be trained up and held
in the same condition? Now, the condition of
slavery is the complete subjugation by force, or
by force and fraud combined, of one human being
to the sole use of another in the status or condition
of that other's property. It implies, on the one
side, absolute and uncontrolled power; andon the
other, unconditional submission. Butdo the Scnp-
turcs authorize one man to exercise, or require
another man to submit to, this uncontrolled do-
minion? Now, the act of making or holding
slaves must have for its moral sanction the accom-
paniment of such motives as arc declared by the
Scriptures to be of universal moral obligation.
Whatman, woman, or child, untainted with crime,
is it, whom we have the Divine sanction to snatch
from a state of freedom and doom to a life of un-
conditional bondage?
Let us now take the most favorable case for the
slaveholder—say that of our mortal enemy, taken
in the very act of a malicious attempt upon our
property, our liberty, or our life even. Surely,
if wc have Divine authority to enslave our fellow-
creature in any case, this would be that case. But
no; not for a moment, not even though we may
have been taught to do so out of the Oid Testa-
ment even by Moses himself; and notwithstand-
ing that vengeance in such a case may seem so
reasonable and so agreeable to human nature.
"4o. Ye have heard that it hath been sud, Thou shalt
love thy neighbor, aw! hate thine enemy:
"44.*But I fsdy unto you,Love your enemies, bU>s* them
that cuwi you, do good to them that hate von, and pi ay foi
them which dcspitelully use you, and persecute >ou.''—
Mcctthcw, chap. 5.
How different a mental exercise is this, to
"love, bless, and pray for our" enemies, from that
of hunting them like wolves and panthers, stow-
ing them under slave decks, and transporting them
thousands of miles over the fretful ocean, half
suffocated in filth, to the doom of ceaseless toil,
for those who render them only a sufficiency of
food and clothing to keep them in working order.
But if, by the Scriptures, we may not enslave our
mortal enemies, most surely we may not kidnap
and enslave those poor, far-off Africans who never
injured or offended us. But the advocates of sla-
very are not particularly fond of New Testament
authorities, so I will call their attention for the
present to that 44 Old Dispensation" which they
esteem so highly* Hear it;
"16. And he that stealeth a man and selleth him, or if he
be found in his band, shall surely be put to death."—Exo-
dtts, chap. 21.
"49. One law shall be to him that is home-bom, and unto
the s>tianger that sojouineth among you."—JW.. chap. 12.
'*'•21. Thou shalt neither vex a anger, nor oppress hi in :
for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.
" 22. Ye shall not afflict any widow or fatherless child.
"23. It' thou afflict them in'any wise, and they cry at all
unto me, I will surely hear their cry;
"2-1. And my wrath shall v\a\ hoi, and I will kill you
with the sword; and your w ive-. shall be widow*, and jour
children fatherless.—Ibid., chap. 22.
" i). Also* thou shalt not oppress a stranger: foryek.nowt
the heart of a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land
of Egypt."—Ibid-, chap. 23.
" Id. And tiiou shalt not glean thy vineyaid. neither shalt
thou gather every ginpe of thy vineyard; thon shalt leave
them lor the poor and the stranger: I am the Loidthy God."
"13. Tliou shalt notdeiiaud thy neighbor, neither 10b
him : the wages ot him that is lured shall not abide with
thee all night until the morning "
"17. Thou f halt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou
shalt in any w<ise lebujke tiiy neighbor, and not suffer sin
upon him.
" 13. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."—Lcviticiis,
chap. 19.
Some people—some even who esteem themselves
very good Christians—seem to think that, by the
Scriptures, we are under obligations to treat our
own countrymen, our own race or stock, with a
very different measure of justice from that due
from us to the black, thick-lipped, and repulsive
African. So differcntisthismcasure,thattowards
our own race'we recognize the obligation of the
" golden rule," while we prebs to the lips of the
African the bitter cup of perennial and remorse-
less bondage! Nay, even "men of God give
Scripture for the deed." Those refer us to such
passages of the Mosaic law as I have cited before,
and "search the Scriptures" no further, as if
they feared that, in the search, they might find an
antidote for their envenomed nostrums. But if
wc read that law and interpret it by the rules pre-
scribed for the interpretation of any well-inten-
tioned code or system of municipal laws—for in-
stance, that golden rule of the common law,that
every intendment shall be made in favor of life
and liberty'"—all pretense that it upholds the sys-
tem of African slavery as it exists in modern
slaveholdmg States vanishes like ghosts before
the rising sun. In the light of this rule let us
read the following passages from the Leviticallaw,
and see what strength the system of slavery can
draw from thence:
" 33. And it a stranger sotourn with thee in voui land, ye
shall not vex oi [margin] oppirs* bun.
"31. But the stranger that dwelleth with you shall be
unto you a-s one born amongst you, and thou siialt love
him as thyself; toi ye vveio strangers m the laud of Egypt:
I am tin: Lord your God."—Lcri'ticus, chap. 19.
"22. Ye shall have one manner of law, as well for the
stranger as for one of yoin own country: for f am tiie Loid
youi God."—Ibid., chap. 24.
"23. Neithci shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy har-
vest; thou siialt leave them unto the pooi,and to ihestrangei:
1 am the Lord jour God."—Ibid., chap. 21).
" 10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim
libei ty tin oughout alt the land unto all the inhabitants there-
of."— Ibid., chap. 2a.
" l.">. One oirtmance shall be both for you of the congre-
gation, and al.-o for the stranger that sojouineth with you,
au ordinance foiever in youi generations: as ye aie, *>o shall
the Mianger be belore the Loid.
" IG. One law and one manner <hall h° for you, and for
the ^tianeei tbatsojourrieih with you Arum/>c>s. chap. 15.
" 11. For tiie Loid youi God i* God ot god> and land ot
loul-«,a gicat God, a mighty, and a terrible, winch legardeth
nor poisons, nor takcth levvaid."—Deuteronomy, chap. 10,
No, sir: no White House patronage where-
with to bribe the Eternal!
" 18. He doth executethc ludpinentof the fatheiless and
widow, and lovetli the htiauger. in giving him lbod and
lauuent.
" JO. Love je therefore the danger: for ye were sfran-
geis in the land of Egypt."—Deuteronomy, chap. 10.
"17. Thou shalt not pervert the judgment oi tne stran-
ger, noi of the lathcrieso; noi take the widow's raiment to
pledge:
" 13. But thou shalt remember that thou wast a bond-
man m Egypt, and the Lord thy God ledeeinedthce thence:
therefore; 1 command thee to do this tiling."—Tbid.f chap. 24.
" lo. Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant
which is escaped from his master unto thee:
" 10. lie shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that
place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it
hketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him."—JW.,ehap.
Ho.
Alas! Mr. Chairman, had the patriarchs of
Virginia read these Divine commands, and im-
bibed their sublime spirit, when that robber and
murderer, Sir John Hawkins, in 1020, first landed
his cargo of kidnapped Africans on her shores, •
what might not have been the fruits of such de-
votion to the letter of the Levitical law, so beau-
tifully illustrating the spirit of-the Gospel of the '
Son of God? But the deed was done; and, like
the sin of our first parents in th6 garden of Ed&n,
it has showered upon our country abundant evilsxn
the past, and shadows the future with others fetal
to her prosperity and true glory,if not to her exist-
ence, as the abode of nationalliberty. But slavery,
perhaps, may not be so bad, notwithstanding the
vehementScripture denunciations before cited and
others still more emphatic to be cited hereafter.
'Southern statesmen on this floortellus that neither
in theory or practicc is the institution of domestic
slavery that vile and wicked thing which we
northern " fanatic s " and " Black Republican agi-
tators" represent it. This may be so, and it may
be that my Scripture artillery is pointed at the
mere chimera of a distempered fancy. Let us
see. If I cite the testimony of slaveholders for
the nature and character of the institution, I shall
be excused, at least, if not justified, in yielding
assent to the verity of a likeness drawn by them-
selves.
But what is a slave, not according to the rep-
resentation of southern politicians, but according
to the inexorable decrees of southern law?
"A slave is in absolute bondage; he has no civil right,
and can hold no propeity, except at the will of his master;
and his master is his guardian and protector." (1 Stew-
art's Alabama Rep. 3UJ. Wheeler's Law of Slavery, page
6.)
"Slaves, from their nature, are chattels,and were putin
the hands of executors before the act ot 1792, declaring
them to be personal estate." (Waldin's executors vs.
Payne, 2 Washington, 1,8. Hawkins's administrator vs.
Craig, 6 Momoc'llep. 254. Wheeler's Law of Slavery,
page 6.)
A slave, therefore, is a man, a human being,
"created in the image of God," owned as the
property of another man. The service to which
he is held is but an incident of this ownership.
All the incidents of property attach to the Amer-
ican slave: the right to work without wages, to
buy,sell, let to hire, to feed,clothe,chastise,and
by any means to subjugate at the will and forthe
profit of the master alone. In short, to be thus the
slave of another man, implies the legal right in
the owner to do to his slave all that is compre-
hended in the most dreaded and fearful tyranny
to which human nature can be exposed or sub-
jected; and it is this state of slavery which is de-
fended, not only as right by the law of nature,
but by the Word of God—the " higher law" of
Divine revelation !
It is thus seen at a glance that, by the law, the
slave-owner exacts everything in his own behalf,
yet concedes nothing to the slave. Even food,
clothing, and shelter are not conceded as the right
of the slave, more than the provender Of the horse
is conceded as the right of the horse. These pro-
visions arc but outlays and expenditures in the
nature of repairs on machinery,oron a dwelling-
house. To these plain and truthful expositions of
the law of slavery, and the condition of the slave
under this law, there arc no exceptions. In its
nature, therefore, slavery is applicable as well to
the Caucasian as to the African race. Gentlemen
on this floor, as well as the conductors of leading
southern newspapers and conventions, speaking
the embodied sentiments of the southern people,
seem to be agreed in this great apostacy from the
foundation principles of the Federal Government,
and of the great men who were its architects.
Thus, during the presidential campaign of 1856,
the Richmond Inquirer said;
" Repeatedly have wc asked the North, 1 Has not the ex-
periment of universal liberty failed ? Are not the evil3 of
free society insufferable? And do not most thinking men
among you pioposeto subvert and reconstruct it.?5 Still
no answer. This gloomy silence is artother conclusive
pi oof, added to many other conclusive evidences wc have
furnished, that free fcociety, in the long run, is an impracti-
cable form of society; it is ever starving, demoralized, and
insurrectionary.
" Wc repeat, then, that policy and humanity alike forbid
the extension of the evils of free society to new peopic ami
coming generations.
" Two opposite and conflicting forms of society cannot,
among civilized men, coexist and endure. The one must
give way and cease to exist, the other become universal.
If free society be unnatural, immoral, unchristian, ,£t jnu^t.
fall and give way to a slave society—a system old as the
woild, universal as man.
" Until recently the defense of slavery has labored under
great difficulties, because its apologists (for they were mere
