358
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May Iff,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Reps.
apologists) took lialf-wuy grounds. They confined the de-
fense of s-lavery to mere negro slavery ; thereby giving up
the prineiple7admitting other forms ot' slavery to be wrong,
" The line of defense, however, is now changed. The
South now maintains that slavery is right, natural, and ne-
cessary, and does not depend upon the difference of com-
plexion. The Jaws of the slave States justify the holding
of white men in bondage.
Also the Charleston Mercury:
" Slavery is the natural and normal condition of the labor-
ing man, whether wiute or black. The great evil ot north-
em Iree society is, that it is buidened with a t>crvile class
of mechanics and'luborers, unfit for self-government, and
yet clothed with the attributes and powers of citizens.
Master and slave is a relation in society as natural and ne-
et Juy a  that of parent and child; and the noithem States
will yet have to introduce it."
Free society a failure! And how has this
strange hallucination found entrance into the
southern mind ? From what causes of decay and
final ruin have the southern people been left to
entertain so strange, so startling, and so baseless
a chimera? Free society a failure! Sir, 1 defy you
to point to another instance in the annals of the
race, where so many millions of the pariahs of for-
eign despotisms have been transferred fiom their
native lands beyond the seas, ignorant, thriftless,
poor, and degraded, and yet, within a period of
less-than a quarter of a century, without enslave-
ment, without oppression, have been absorbed
among the masses of the population of the free
Stales, without causing even so much as a ripple
on the calm surface of our free State society.
I am aware, sir, that these reflections do not
meet, directly, the question " what is the charac-
ter of American slavery when tested by the Bi-
ble?" The Bible nowhere sanctions the doc-
trine of" doing evil that good may come or, in
other words, of obtaining beneficent ends by un-
righteous means; but, on the contrary, pronounces
the " damnation" of those who advocate that
heresy "to be just." Therefore, if the intent of
kidnapping the negroes, instead of being to grind
them with the crushing despotism of slavery, had
been to convert them to Christianity, and thereby
save their souls in Heaven, the Bible would still
have condemned the fanaticism as an impudent
outrage upon the mbum freedom of the souls and
bodies of men. -What, then, nmSt be the verdict
of these sacred pages against those who kidnap
these ignorant and inoflensive barbarians tor the
purpose of destroying both soul and body in the
Gehenna of remorseless bondage?
In 16*20, Sir John Hawkins, an Englishman,
brought the first cargo of kidnapped Africans to
Virginia forsale. A friend of slavery, and aslave-
holder, has given us the character of tins first
groat paliiuicli of African slavery in Vngiuia.
Ileal* it:
" fn repaid io Ilawkin- himself, he was, I admit, a xcr-
x>CKt.K and a Rouutu. Jlis avowed purpose, m ruling to
Guinea, w.h< to take, by stratagem oi jorcc, and cairy away
the uusiispectuig natives, m \ lew of celling them as slaves
to the pcoplt. ot ilispatnola. in this pursuit hwobjeetwas
present piofit, and Ins employinentand pastime devastation
and inwider."1'—J^divards^s JVeU Indies, vol. 2, pp. *13, 44.
This, Mr. Chairman, seems to have been the
inauguration of the great missionary enterprise,
which was followed by our own shrewd Yankee
missionary kidnappers, until this most Christian
pursuit was denounced as piracy by our own
Congress, and by the laws of nearly all Christen-
dom.
This infamous traffic, having its origin in the
felon's purpose of the robbery and murder of de-
fenseless men and women, guilty ot no crime, is
now, in this democratic land, under a storm of
execrations from the civilized world for more
than two hundred years'duration, not only jus-
tified as right by reason and revelation, but is
more than right—is pious and benevolent, and
therefore sanctioned by the revealed will of God!
Sir, if any malt now in this Hall had been told
twenty years ago that he would, in twenty years
from that tune, in the Halls of Congress, openly
advocate the reopening of the foreign slave trade
as a traffic in itself innocent and sanctioned by
reason and Scripture, he would have cried out,
with Hazael of old, " is thy servant a dog, that
he should do this great thing?** Has the slave
trade or slavery changed since that day; or has
the eternal God, or his revealed will to man,
changed within those two centuries?
Sir, the Bible condemns all acts of violence and
injustice committed by man against his fellow;
and it equally condemns the motives from which
each unjust act proceeds. The act of seizing an
unoffending barbarian on the coasts of Africa is
but the result of a degradingly selfish, corrupt,
and devilish motive. The motive or purpose of
kidnapping or stealing a man, with the intent to
make him a slave, constitutes the sin of " covet-
ing"—a sin expressly forbidden by the tenth com-
mandment, and throughout the entire text of the
Scripturcs, as one pcculiaily odious in the sight
of ©od—a sin which, in its nature, is thenextand
ladt step to that other still greater sin—oppres-
sion—a sin,next to blasphemy, more vehemently
denounced in the Bible than any other.
W Sir, I think 1 am entirely safe in asserting that,
m all the Bible, there are no texts so overflowing
with compassion for the wretched, and none so
vehement and dreadful in their denunciations of
the wicked, as those which plead for the oppressed,
and those which denounce the oppressor. But no
language can equal, in the tenderness of its pa-
thos, or in the fcarfuiness of its rebukes and de-
nunciations, that of the Bible usglf. Sojet it speak
for itself:
"18. There [m the grave] the prisoners rest together;
they hoar not the voice of the oppressor."—Job, chap. 3.
" 20. The wicked mail travaileth with pain all his days,
and the numbei of yeats is hidden to the oppressor.
"21. A dreadful sound imii his ears: m pio«perity the
destroyer shall come upon him."—Ibid., chap. 15.
" 13. This is the portion ot a wicked man with God, and
the heiitagc of oppressors., winch they shall receive of the
Almighty.
" 14. if his children be multiplied, it is for the Mvord :
and his offspring shall not be satisfied with Jucad.
*'15. Those that lemam of lum shall be buued m death :
and his widows shall not weep.
" 16. Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare
raiment as the clay;
" 17. lie may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and
the innocent shall divide the silvei.
" 18. lie huild'ith his house as a moth, and as a booth
that the keeper inaketb.
"19. The rich man shall he down, but he shall not be
gatheied : he openeth his eyes, and he is not.
"2d. Tenors take hold on lum as waters, a tempest
stealeth him away m the night.
" 21. The east wind carryeth him away, and he depait-
eth: and as a stoim liurleth him out of his place.
"23. For God .shall cast upon him, and not spare: he
would l.i tn flee out ot hn hand.
'• 23. Men .shall clap theii hand-* at hnn, and shall hiss him
oat ot his place.'1—Tbid., chap. 27.
" 17. Thou wilt pitp.ue thine heait, thou wilt cau-e
thine e;i] to heai :
"IS To judge the fathci less and the oppie-sed, that the
man oi the eaithmayno more oppress.'— P^ahnt, chap. 10.
'•5. Fot the oppression of the poor, for the sighing ot the
needy, now will 1 arise, saith the Lord ; I will set him in
safety from him that puli'eth at him. [Margin.] would en-
snare him."—Ibid., 1J.
" 4 He shall judge the poor of the people, he shall save
the childieu of the needy, and shall break in pieces the
oppressor.1'—Ibid., '> 2.
"II Foi I wa.-> envious at the foolish, when I saw the
piospt'iitvof the wicked."
"0. Theieioie pnde compasscth them about as a chain ;
violence eoveteth them a-> a gaimeut."
"8. The} are cortupt. and speak wickedly concerning
oppiesMon : the\- *peak loltily.
"9. They set then mouth against the heavens, and their
tongue walketh thiough the earth.'*—Ibid., 73.
These were the words of Job, and- of King
David, the man after God's own heart. But as
we move down the current of the ages, we en-
counter the inspired wisdom of Solomon, the man
on whom God was pleased to bestow not only
the most exalted worldly position and prosperity,
but a sagacity and wisdom which constituted him
the most gifted, as his wealth and splendor did
the most prospeious of men.
"8. Open thy mouth for the dumb in the cause of all
| h-ueh as aie appointed to distraction.
I "9. Open thy mouth, judge ughteously, and plead the
I cause of the pool and needy."—Proveibs, chap. 31.
j "31. Envy thou not the oppic&soi, and choose none of
I his ways."—Ibid., eiiap. 3.
j "31. fie that opprcsseth the poor reproacheth his Maker:
! but he tnat honoreth him hath meiey on the poor.-"'-—Ibid.,
I chap. 11.
" lfi. He that oppre seth the poor to increase his riches,
and he that giveth to thench, shall ^uiely come to want."
"22. Rob not the poor because he l-s poor, neither op-
press the afflicted in the gate :
"23. For the Lord will plead their cause, and spoil the
soul ol those that spoiled them."—Ibid., chap. 22.
"7. The lighleoiu consideretli the eaufC of the poor: but
the wicked legardeth not to know it."—Ibid , chap. 29.
" 11. If thou torbear to deliver them that are drawn unto
death, and those that aie ready to be slam ;
" 12. II'thou saye t, behold, we knew it not; doth not he
that pondei eth the heart consider it ? And he that keepcth
thy soul, doth he not know it:' and shall he not render to
every man aceoidmg to his works?"
"'24. lie that saitii unto the wicked, Thou art righteous ;
him shall the people cuise, nations shall abhor him.55—Ibid.,
chap. 21.
" 3. To do judgment and justice is more acceptable to the
Lord than sacrifice."
" 7. The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them; be-
cause they refuse to do judgment."
" 13. Whoso stoppeth his eais at the cry of the poor, he
also shall cry himself, but shall not be heard."
" 30. There is no wisdom nor understanding nor counsel
against the Lord."—Ibid., chap. 21.
" 1. So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that
are done under the sun: and behold the tears of such as
were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side
of their oppressors there was power; but they had no com-
forter.
" 2. Wherefore I praised the dead which are already
dead more than the living which aie yet alive.,,—EccUsia^
tcs, chap. 4.
" 8. 11 thou seest the oppression of the poor, and vio-
lent perverting oi judgment and justice in a province, mar-
vel not at the "matter: lor he that is higher than the highest
legardeth; and there be higher than they."—Ibid., chap. 5v
" 7. Surely oppression maketh a wise man inad."—Ibid.,
chap. 7.
Here, sir, we have the assurance of one inspired
from the fountain of wisdom, that death and the
grave are to be chosen rather than a life cursed
with hopeless bondage; and so says every brave
and generous soul in this Hall, from whatever lat-
itude or longitude he may hail. Living up to the
spirit of these texts of inspiration by the children
of men, where among them all could the curse of
human bondage be found?
But, if we descend the current of ages, and con-
verse with the Hebrew prophets, those heralds of
the coming Saviour, of the doctrines, the truth
and purity of winch He was to seal with His
blood, we find no word of comfort or license to
the oppiessors of individuals or of nations. On
the contrary, we hear them thundering the anath-
emas of the Eternal against the oppressors and
the oppressing nations of the earth, boding forth
their utter overthrow and extinction. In all these
inspired writings, there is no word of license,
no voice of hope for the nations or the rulers or
people of those nations which counted for their
prosperity and glory on the enslavementand op-
pression of the poor. Suoh is the copiousness
of their testimony, one is perplexed to know
where to begin or what to select consistently with
that brevity so desirable on an occasion like this.
These piophete were the heralds of the Gospel
dispensation, which has come, and brought with
it proof of the inspiration of those who, tor ages
preceding, foretold the advent of the Son of God,
the lowly Nnzarene, and the doctrines of1' peace
on earth and good will to men," which he was to
proclaim to the benighted, struggling, and slave-
cursed nations. In the van of these heralds of
the coming Saviour, the thunder of whose pro-
phetic voices made the knees of the oppressors
of the earth smite one against the other, was
j) Isaiah.
"7. Foi the vineyard of the Lord of Hosts is the house
of Isiai I, and the men or Judah his plea-ant plant: and he
looked toi judgment, but behold oppiession; loi nghteous-
ness, behold a ciy."—Isaiah, chap. 5.
" 12. Who ait thou, that tlioufchouldest be afraid of aman
that shall die, and of the ton ol man which sdiall be made as
gi ass;
"13. And foigetteat the Loid thy Maker, that hath
stretched forth the heavens, and la.d the foundations of the
earth; and hast feared continually every day because of
the tury of the oppiessor, as it he were ready to destroy?
and where is the! uiy of the oppiessor?"—Ibid., chap. 51.
" 14. In righteousness shait thou be established, thou
t-halt be tar liom oppression; lor thou shalt not ieai : and
from teiror; lot it shall not come near tlice,"—Ibid., chap.
54.
"6. Is not this the fast that I have chosen ? to loose the
bonds of wiekeduess, to undo the heavy hui dens, and to let
tne oppicssed go txee, and thatje bicak eveiy yoke!
"7. Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungiy, and that
thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house ? when
thou uocst the naked, that thou covci hnn ; and that thou
hide not thyself from thine own riejh ?"—IbuL, chap. 58.
"3. Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow
as the night m the midst oi the noonday; hide the outcasts,
bewr.iy not hnn that wanderetli."—Ibul., chap. 16.
"13. In transgressing and Ijmg against the Loid, and de-
pal ting away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt,
conceiving and uttering from the heai t words of falsehood.
" 14. And judgment is turned away backwaul, and jus-
tice standeth afar off: for truth is tallen m the street, and
righteousness cannot enter. "—Ibid., chap. 59.
"17. And the work of righteousness shall be pcace; and
the effect of lighteousness, quietness and assuiance for-
ever.—Ibid., chap. 32.
" 20. Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil;
that put darkness foi light, and light for darkness ; that put
bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!
"21. Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes,
and piudent m their own sight!—Ibid., chap. 5.
" 17. Learn to do well; seek judgment, lehove the op-
pressed, judge the fatherless, plead tor the widow.—Ibid.,
chap. 1.
" 15. He that walketh ughteously, and speakcth uprightly i
