2744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 705) making ap-
propriations for territorial libraries, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 64) to disapprove
and declare null and void all territorial acts, and
parts of acts, heretofore passed by the Legislative
Assembly of New Mexico, which establish, pro-
tect, or legalize involuntary servitude or slavery
within said Territory, except as punishment for
crime upon due conviction, reported it without
amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Senate relative to
the expediency of making provision for running
and marking the forty-sixth parallel of latitude as
far as it is the boundary between the State of Ore-
gon and Washington Territory, reported in favor
of the resolution, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of T.J. M. Richardson
and Thomas Ross, executors of Samuel B. Rich-
ardson, praying payment for fifteen days'services
performed by said S. E. Richardson, as a member
of the Senate during the session of the Legislative
Council of the Territory of Florida, for the year
1845, asked to be discharged fromits further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 203) to punish of-
fenses against slave property in the Territory of
Kansas, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration.
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Chair will put the question on dis-
charging the committee now.
Mi*. BROWN. I object to the consideration of
that report this morning.
Mr. GREEN. Let it be entered on the record.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will go upon
the Calendar.
Mr. YULEE. I also ask that the report in the
case of Richardson, upon which a motion was
made to discharge the committee, may go upon
the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These cases
will go upon the Calendar.
Mr. YULEE subsequently said: I have con-
versed with the chairman of the committee who
reported adversely just now upon the memorial of
Richardson. It was acted on under a misappre-
hension, and, with his assent, I move that it be
recommitted to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 410) to perfect the title of the United
States to lands upon which the Government is
erecting fortifications, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the report
of the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a copy of
the statistical reportonthesicknessand mortality
in the Army of the United States for the last five
years, reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the statistical report on the mortality and
siekncbs in the United States Arm), with the rcpoit of the
Secretary of War communicating the sani< , in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, be printed, and that
five thousand additional copufs thereof he printed; three
thousand five hundred for the use of the Senate, and one
thousand live hundred Jbr the use of the medical depart-
ment of the Army, with the map.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 765) to amend an act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States," approved August 18, 1856,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, because it related entirely to the con-
sular system; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 127) for the relief of 0. F. D. Fairbanks,
Frederick Dodge, and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, reported it without amendment, and
that it oughtnot to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the
relief of Anson Dart, reported it without amend-
ment,and submitted a report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 576)
for the relief of Coale & Barr, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
458) for the relief of Mrs. Rachel McMillan, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee, on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Miriam Davis, widow of Lot Davis, who died of
wounds received in Dartmoor prison, praying for
a pension, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 490) for the relief of Miriam Davis.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 454) granting a
pension to Andrew Templeton, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 447) for the re-
lief of the children of the late Captain E. A.
Capron, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, tq whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 544) granting a
pension to Rufus Call, jr., a soldier m the late
war with Great Britain, reported it without amend-
ment, and adversely.
Mr. DURKEE. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 528)
for the relief of Beda Hayes, widow of Dudley
Hayes, of Granby, Hartford county, Connecti-
cut, have directed nie to report it without amend-
ment; and as it merely provides a small pension
to the widow of a revolutionary officer, and is
recommended by the committee, I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to consider it at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks the present consideration
of this bill. It requires unanimous consent.
Several Senators objected to the consideration
of the bill.
Mr. DURKEEsubsequen tly said: I understand
the objection is withdrawn to the bill which I re-
ported some minutes sincp—the bill (H. R. No.
528) for the relief of Beda Hayes, widow of Dud-
ley Hayes, of Granby, Iiartfoid county, Con-
necticut. I ask that it may now be considered.
Mr. IVERSON. I cannot consent that a bill
shall be taken up contrary to the order of the
Senate for to-day.
COLONEL BURKE AND CAPTAIN "WINDER.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 266,.merely with a view to offer
an amendment to it; not for the purpose of hav-
ing it considered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAY1S. The amendment, is in line six,
to insert the words " and Lieutenant William A.
Winder."
Mr. GRIMES. I should like, atleast,to know
what the title of the bill is.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask the Senate to take
it up for consideration, but merely to put an
amendment in the bill, so that it may be ready
for consideration when the bill is taken up.
The Secretary read the title of the bill, which
is "An act for the relief of Brevet Lieutenant
Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles S.
Winder, of the United States Army.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment is merely to in-
sert the name of Lieutenant William A. Winder.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hill will
now go over.
VIRGINIA LAN-D WARRANTS.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. HALE. Yesterday the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Bragg] reported a bill which, by
unanimous consent, was being mad, but not be-
ing aware of the nature of it, I objected to its
consideration. I am since satisfied that the bill
ought to pass; and, as a matter of justice to those
interested, I withdraw the objection. The bill is
simply explanatory of a law relating to Virginia
lana warrants, and I am told it is of great conse-
quence to Virginia that it should pass.
Mr. BRAGG. I hope that bill will be taken
up. It is reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, and the Senator from New Hampshire
has examined it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Michigan yield the floor?
Mr. CHANDLER. If I yield it, shall I have
a right to it again when this matter is concluded?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not according
to the decision of the permanent Presiding Officer
of the Senate.
SMITH & HUNT.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I desire to report
back, from the Committee on Commerce, House
bill 317, for the relief of Smith & Hunt, of Toledo,
Ohio, and to recommend its passage; and I ask
unanimous consent to put it on its passage now.
The Committee on Commerce gave it a very
thorough investigation, and unanimously report
in favor of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to hear the
title of the bill read.
The Secretary. It is House bill 317, for the
relief of Smith & Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will lead to no debate.
If it does, I shall withdraw the motion for its
consideration.
Several Senators. Read the bill.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
for the payment of §9,265 90, being the amount
paid by Smith & Hunt as freight and charges on
railroad iron transported, while in bond, from
New York city to Toledo.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to the consideration
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie over.
COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 764, which merely changes
the time of holding the district court in north Al-
abama. It is a local matter,and will not occupy
time. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (IT. R.
No. 764) to change the time for holding the terms
of the district court of the United States for the
northern-district of Alabama, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
hereafter the terms of the district court for the
northern district of Alabama shall commence on
the thud Mondays of May and November in
every year; and that the court, in term time, or
the judge, in vacation, may order a special term,
of which notice shall be given by the clerk by
advertisement, in some newspaper published in
Huntsville, at least once a week for four weeks
next preceding the time appointed for holding the
special term.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third leading, read the third time, and passed.
. . JUDICIAL POWER TO CONSULS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 448) to carry into eftcct the pro-
visions of the treaties between the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries,
giving certain judicial powers to ministersand con-
suls, or other functionaries of the United States
in those countries, and for other purposes, to re-
port it back, with a recommendation that it pass;
and I hope it will be taken up and disposed of at
once.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will consent
to the present consideration of that bill. It is re-
ally of vital importance that it should pass. It is
simply an extension of certain jurisdiction over
China, Japan, and other countries, where you
have no tribunals to decide on the wrongs com-
mitted by your own citizens. I received yester-
day a communication from the Department of
State, showing that an American citizen had
killed a Japanese, and there was no tribunal to
try him. The consequence will be, you will have
difficulties there, however it may affect the em-
bassadors here, if you do not provide some tri-
bunal for the purpose of rediessing wrongs com-
mitted by your own citizens where there is no
other tribunal to take cognizance of them. I hope
the hill will be considered now.
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been reported this morning, it will require
unanimous consent to pass it through its several
stages to-day. The Chair hears no objection.
