1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1801
gress, to get up and put in a pica that we must
postpone it because we do not understand it, does
not seem to me well founded;and I hope that the
friends of the measure will press it to a point
where we can have action on it. The Senate has
'provided that when it adjourns over to-day, it
shall adjourn substantially for ten days, and then
there will be another adjournment; and when, I
ask, in the name of common sense and high fTea-
ven, will there be time for this bill to be acted on ?
In the early part of the session we would not con-
sider it; in the middle part of the session there
was other business so pressing that we could not
take it up, and then, on the heel of a temporary
adjournment, we must go to other business, and
let this bill be overslaughed. Can we never do
any legislation for the country, for the people?
It seems to me the time has arrived when we
should quit sporting with this bill, and with the
country; and if we are not prepared to act on it
now, we never shall be. Every single proposi-
tion contained in this bill has been before the coun-
try, in one form or other; has been discussed, and
is understood in the public mind; and it is now
too late in the daj^ it seems to me, to plead that
we are not prepared to act on this measure.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Senator says this
question lias been before the country the last
fourteen years 
Mr. GRIMES. Is the motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded to proceed to the consideration of
executive business. It is not debatable, unless by
common consent.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask indulgence merely
for an explanation. lam well aware that the home-
stead bill has been before the Senate for a series of
years. In the first place, we have the bill intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Tennessee.
That was referred to the committee, thoroughly
investigated by it, I presume, and reported back.
While that was pending lu-ie, a bill came from
the House of Representatives, and to both these
measures there were sundry amendments, propos-
ing to make a change in our land system 
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are wasting the time
when we could pass the bill, by this debate, which,
I apprehend, is not m order.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I doubt whether you
will be able to pass the bill 111 the short time the
Senator anticipates. But here were all these meas-
ures; and they were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; and they come m with ari entirely
new plan, a new programme for the disposition
of the public land. That was reported only the
day before yesterday; and while the Senator from
Tennessee himself, who was on the committee,
and some few others, who have made it their
special study, may understand this new bill, I
know that I, for one, (and there are other Senators
in the same position,) have not had the time to do
so. That is the reason why I say that I do not
think it possible to geUthrough with tins bill to- ^
day, in the very summary manner that its friends r
propose we shall dispose of it. There is some
business that should be acted 011 in executive ses-
sion, and should be acted on to-day; and I trust
the Senate will allow at least a short executive
session. Then, if they are disposed to resume
the consideration of the bill, after the executive
session is over, they can do so.
Mr. TRtJMBULL. As this is a test vote, and
will dispose of the bill for the present, I call for
the yeas and navs.
Mr. CLAY. "I wish to say that it will not be
a test vote so far as I am concerned, for I am not
disposed to commit myself against this bill at this
time. There is a great deal that commends it to |
my favorable consideration; and I am quite earn-
est and sincere in saying that I want time to con
sider it. I am inclined to think I shall vote for the ;
bill, at any rate, with one or two amendments, j
which I hope will prevail; and 1 am sure my col- j
league, who has made this motion, has not done j
it from any hostility to the bi 11, but because, as lie t
has correctly said, there is an absolute necessity j
for an executive session to-day. ]
Mr. WADE. It is very difficult ever to come 1
to a conclusion on any great measure in the Sen- ;
ale, and we always, so far as I know, have sat [
late and long 111 order to get a final vote. Now, ,
the policy of all these measures lias been so long (
before the public that I cannot persuade myself j
that any one doubts what the provisions of all !
these bills are, and has made up his mind as to,
the course he will pursue. I am exceedingly
anxious that we should conclude this whole mat-
ter before we adjourn. I hope, therefore, we
shall not go into executive session, or do any
other business, but go on with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded that the Senate go into executive
session; and on that motion the yeas and nays
are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I understand the Senator from
Alabama to say that he wants a short executive
session on important business that is to be trans-
acted there, and I cannot see any objection to it.
After we get through with that business, if Sen-
ators desire to go on with the subject now before
the Senate, they can do so; but if it is important
that there should be a short executive session,
I cannot see myself why we should not vote
for it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. So far as the business I
allude to is concerned, it will occupy the Senate
but a short time; and if, then, it is the pleasure
of a majority of the Senate to keep up the discus-
sion of this question, they can do so.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Then we can certainly at-
tend to the executive business after we get through
with this bill. Every one must see that if, at this
hour of the day, we go into executive session, this
bill is not going to be acted on to-day; and we all
know the way in which the bill was disposed of
at the last Congress. If each Senator is to require
time on all the amendments as they are moved to
a bill that has been pending as long as this has
been, 1 do not think it will ever be brought to a
vote in the Senate. I think we had better make
a test of it now. If we go into executive session
now, it will certainly go over for ten days.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Pass the bill
now, and then have an executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not dis-
posed to take any other course now than what
may be in conformity with the pledges which I
gave, and which I regard as honorably binding on
me, when I proposed to refer the original home-
stead bill, with all the amendments, to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and I am not willing now
to part from the friends of the bill 011 this matter,
unless they agree with me thai it would be wise
on their part to arrive at an understanding as to
the time when it shall be disposed of. From what
I can see around me, and on conference with
some of the friends of the measure on this side of
the Chamber, particularly the Senator from Ten-
nessee, who sits behind me, [Mr. Nicholson,}
I am of the impression that this motion will carry;
and if it does carry, and we have an executive
session now, without making any disposition of
this bill, what will be the result? The chance of
getting a vote on it to-day, after we have disposed
of the"executive business, will certainly be very
little; and as we shall have been defeated on the
motion to go into executive session, we certainly
cannot hope to induce the Senate then to act upon
the bill. T
Now, I desire to suggest a course which may, 1
think, be adopted with propriety, and with which
I should be perfectly satisfied, and with which 1
hope the friends of the bill generally will be sat-
isfied. Under the resolutions which have already
been passed, there is 110 business to be done here
until Monday week. On that da^ there will not
probably be a quorum .present. This is one of
the most serious questions that has come up, 01
that will probably come up during this session.
I propose now that, before we take a vote oil the
proposition for an executive session, we have a
distinct understanding that 011 next Iuesday week
the bill shali not only be taken up, but shall be
adhered to, and shall be, in the language which is
ordinarily used to express the purpose, sat out
here until it is disposed of. It theiT is a general
agreement to that, it will be but deterring for a
single business day tilts bill. If gentlemen piefei
to name Monday, I will propose that day; but X
think Tuesday would be better, 011 account of the
certainty of having a quorum then. _ 1 make the
proposition, and f hope the sense of the Senate
will be expressed in regard to it. I move that we
now make the bill the special order for Tuesday
week, and I trust we shall adhere to it on that day
until we have disposed of it. I do not believe
this arrangement will be objected to on this side
of the House.
If the other side, who havo supported this meas-
ure so often and so long, will concur in it, I hope
the body of this side of the House will agree to
the course I have suggested. If they do, it will
be in the power of the Senate to control the mat-
ter, though any few persons may refuse to come
into the agreement. There is other business that
does now demand the attention of the body; and
certainly the next Tuesday we sit we can dispose
of this bill; and that is the first day of business
after to-day, except Monday week. For these
considerations, I propose that this bill be made the
special order for Tuesday week, and then we can
go into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion be-
fore the Senate is for an executive session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I should be
obliged to have an expression of the other side of
the House on the proposition I make. I suppose
this motion will be withdrawn for that.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas that, so far as 1 am concerned,
I will throw no obstructions in the way of taking
up the bill on the day designated by him. I will
not say that I will sit here day and night for the
purpose of disposing of the bill; but I will agree
to take up the hill in its regular order, and to con-
tinue with it until it shall be disposed of, as far I
am concerned.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask the Senator from
Arkansas whether he means next Tuesday, or a
week from Tuesday ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Next Tuesday
there will be no business done, in consequence of
our resolutions. 1 mean Tuesday of the week
after, when the Senate reassembles.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know if
it is generally understood on the other side that
this measure is to be taken up and finally acted
upon on Tuesday of the week after next ? I think
we would acquiesce here upon that day—or say
Wednesday. A number of Senators are going
away, and I understand they will not probably
be here in time to vote 011 Tuesday. I would sug-
gest, if it goes over with this'understanding, that
wo take Wednesday.
Mr. FITZPATRICK and others. Very well.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 am willing to
agree ?o it; and I do not tlunk it will be objected
to by any one 011 this side.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make no objection to it,
and I think, on the contrary, I shall support the
bill, according to my present undei standing of it;
but I have not had time to understand it suffi-
ciently. As it was last reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I think I can give it a
cordial support; but I have not studied it suffi-
ciently to be certain of it. I do not, therefore,
desire to be understood as saying, that on next
Wednesday week I will sit here, as the Senator
from Alabama says, day and night, until the bill
is passed; but I will sit here in good faith,devot-
ing our time to this bill, and no other, until it is
disposed of. It may take another day.
Mr. BROWN. That ought to be satisfactory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is satisfactory.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to ask one ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee 011 Public
Lands. Inasmuch as the House bill is not now
before the Senate, and we have another proposi-
tion pending, if we pass the Senate bill, it then
goes to the House as an original bill, and may go
to the table, or may be embarrassed in the taking
up and passage of the bill in the other House. I
! ask whether it would not be entirely in accord-
ance with his views, if the majority of the Senate
are determined to pass the Senate bill, to substi-
tute that as an amendment for the House bill, so
that the House bill can go back to the House with
the amendment: and then it comes to the question
of concurrence or non-concurrence, without the
necessity of a reference to a committee in the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will answer
the Senator to this effect: of course, on the part of
the committee, I have no authority to make such
an agreement; but I find that the sentiment here
is concentrating, and that there will be no captious
opposition to obstruct the passage of the bill,
should undoubtedly be favorable to that move-
ment; but 1 can make no agreement for a commit-
tee that is not together, and I would not be will-
