1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
hope the Senate, in view of the fact that the prin-
ciple lias been violated, and in view of the fact
that there is groat unanimity in this body on this
particular point, will insist on this just reform
which the Senate put m this bill, ana which the
House struck out; and, therefore, I move to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate receded
from the amendment.
Mr. PUGII. I wanted to say a word, and only
a word, before giving my vote, but I had not an
opportunity to do so. I am in favor of the Senate
amendment, and I voted to put it upon this bill.
X regret that the House of Representatives do not
concur in it; but this question of one branch in-
sisting on a collateral amendment as the condition
to an appropriation bill, was very thoroughly
debated in the Senate at the time of the famous
proviso to the Army appropriation bill; and hav-
ing then stated my opinions on the subject, I am
bound in consistency now to vote to recede from
this amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Green,
Hammond, Iver^on, Lane,Malloiy, Mason, Powell, Shdcll,
"j'oou i h-. Wigtall—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Rayaul, Benjamin, TCiglei,
Uiughain, Biagg, Bright, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Chng-
rnan, Collamei, Ciittenden, Dixon, Uoolittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hainlin. Ilarian, Ilaun,
Hemphill, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King,
Nicholson, f'earee. i'u'ili, Itice, SaislslTifry, Scba-ti;tii, Sew-
aid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyek, Thomson, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wilkinson—43.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote
receding from its sixth amendment.
FllANICIXG PRIVILEGE.
Mr. GWIN. I now ask the Senate to take up,
for consideration, the bill icported by the Post |
Office Committee abolishing the franking privilege. |
X do not believe it will lead to any debate, or will
inteifere with the bill of the Senator from Louis- .
iana, which is the special order. I ask that it be i
taken up, and sent to the other House to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the'Scn-
ator from California move to postpone the special
order with a view to take up that bill ?
Mr. GWIN. It has already been postponed
for the bill which has just been considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For that spe-
cial purpose.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the permission of the Sen-
ator fiom Louisiana to allow me to call it up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will consent to yield to it
for the present; but if it leads to debate, I shall
ask to take up the special order.
The motion of Mr. Gwra was agreed to; and
the Senate, as 111 Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 35) to abolish
the franking privilege.
The bill, as originally introduced by Mr. Pow-
ell, provided for the repeal of all laws and parts
of laws granting and conferring upon any peison
whomsoever the right or privilege to receive or
transmit through the mails of the United States, ;
free of postage, letters, packets, newspapers, pe- j
riodicals, books, or any other mailable matter, |
printed or written, with a proviso that this should j
not be construed to repeal any special laws here- 1
tofore enacted granting the franking privilege to
any ex-President, or any person or persons to
whom the privilege has been granted by name.
It also required the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
respectively, to procure from the postmaster of
Washington, and furnish each Senator and each
member and Delegate of the House of Represent-
atives, at the commencement of each regular ses-
sion, with S175in postage stamps, to be paid for out
of the contingent funds of the two Houses of Con-
gress; and provided that all letters, packets, news-
papers, periodicals, public documents, and books,
printed by order of either House of Congress,
and all other mailable matter, should be prepaid
by postage stamps or stamped envelopes before
their delivery at any post office for transmission
in the mails; and that all mailable matter, printed
or written, directed to the President or Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, or to any member of
either House of Congress, or to the Secretary of
the Senate, or Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, should be prepaid at the mailing office;
and also that all letters, packets, and mailable
matter sent from or directed to any of the Exec-
utive Departments, bureaus, or public offices or
officers, civil or military, at the seat of the Gen-
eral Government, except the Post Office Depart-
ment, and the office of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury of the Post Office Department, should be
prepaid by postage stamps or stamped envelopes
before delivery at Ihe mailing office.
It further provided that the Postmaster General,
the Assistant Postmasters General, the chief clerk
of the Post Office Department, the Auditor of the
Treasury of the Post Office Department, and the
chief clerk of the Auditor, might receive and send
free in the mails all letters and packets, and other
mailable matter, relating exclusively to their offi-
cial duties, or to the business of the Post Office
Department—m every such case indorsing on the
back of eveiy letter or package so to be sent free,
over their own signatures, the words "official
business;" and that the several postmasters might
send through the mail, free of postage, all letters
and packages which their duty required them to
transmit, relating exclusively to the business of
their respective offices, or to the business of the
Post Office Department—iji every such ease the
postmaster sending any such letter or package
indorsing thereon, over his own signature, the
words " post office business;" and for any and
every such indorsement falsely made, the person
making the same should forfeit^300—one half for
the use of the person or persons informing and
prosecuting for the same, and the other half to
the use of the United States, to be paid over to
the Postmaster General and accounted for by him
as other moneys of the Department.
It also proposed to make it the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay or refund quarterly,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropnated, to each of the Executive Depart-
ments, bureaus, and offices at the seatof Govern-
ment, except the Post Office Department and the
office of the Auditor for that Department, such
amounts as the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury should audit and allow as having been
expended for the purchase of postage stamps and
stamped envelopes, used or to be used for the pre-
payment of its postage on letters, packets, and
mailable matter sent from the respectiveoffie.es j
on official business; and that the postage on all '
letters and packages from the President and Vice
President of the United States should be paid by
the Department of State and the Secretary of the
Senate, respectively; and that officers, civil and
military, might have allowed to them, in the set-
tlement of their accounts by the proper account-
ing officers of the Government, the postage paid
by them on letters and packets sent by them in
the mails exclusively on official business.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads proposed to amend the bill by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and inserting;
That all laws by winch any person or persons arc au-
thorized to send or leeeive any mailable matter free ol'post-
age be, and the same ale hereby, icpealed. Provided, That
this aet shall not apply to any person oi peisons to whom
the flanking privilege may have been gianted by name.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I propose to add to the
proviso of the committee's amendment, by way
of amendment:
.lad provided further. That the President and Vieo Pres-
ident of the United States, each of the heads of Depart-
ments. each member of the Senate, each member ot the
House* of Representatives, and each Delegate from a Ter- j
li'oivof the United State-, may, during eaeli session of j
Congress, and tor a peuod of thirty dayf before the coin- i
nienecment and tiliity days after the end of eaeli and every
session of Congress, send and receive tli'.outrh the mail, tree
of postage, any letter, newspaper, or packet not exceeding j
two ounces in weight. ^ |
I do not desire to.discuss the question, but I -
simply say that I think that if the Senate should
pass a bill which would abolish all the franking
of books and get rid of lumbering up the mails
and all the expense of transporting books, which
would lead also to the abolition of all expense in
the printing of books, and confine tl^e franking
privilege simply to matter below two ounces,
which does not lumber up the mails, which does
not cost anything to the Government in printing,
which does not cost anything to the Government
in transportation—for the mail contractors will
carry the mails just as cheap, whether that mat-
ter is franked or is not franked—my opinion is,
(although, of course, I can only judge from what
transpired at the last session and what has trans-
pired at the present session,) that we may suc-
ceed m getting rid of this part at least of the
franking privilege; but if we insist on the entire
abolition of it, I do not believe we shall succeed
in abolishing, perhaps, any portion of it. There-
fore, I am for this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
what the bill is. My attention was not directed
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . The original
bill will be read for information.
The Secretary read the bill at length.
Mr. GWIN. I am sorry that I cannot speak
to the question; my throat is in such a condition
as to make utterance very painful to nic. I will
only say that the object of the committee was to
abolish the franking privilege, and hereafter, if
any other legislation is found to be necessary, we
can easily originate it. If we incumber the prop-
osition at all with any amendment, it seems to me
wc jeopardize the bill.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think it has
been the practice of the Government from its
foundation, by law, to permit members of bojh
Houses to receive and transmit their letters free
of postage, at first for a limited time, a time, I
think, named in the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, and more recently it has
been extended to the whole period of the duration
of a Congress. That continued, m my judgment,
I am free to admit, I think with great propriety,
becaus(?the greater portion of the correspondence
of members relates to public business, and I
thought there wasgreat propriety that they should
be exempt from the tax of postage. But there
came a time, in England, when it was believed that
by introducing a system of reduced postage, very
far reduced, they would be enabled to maintain
their postal system and at the same time to in-
crease their levenue; and there, I think, as apart
of that policy, it was found expedient and wise—
it is a very wise nation—to take from membeis of
Parliament, and, 1 believe, trom all the public
functionaries there, the franking privilege as a
part of the system of reduced postage.
We followed the lead of England in reducing
the postage, bringing it now to the most incon-
siderable sum; but we did not follow it by the
example of England in relieving the postal sys-
tem from the burden of the franking privilege at
the same time. What has resulted3 It has re-
sulted in this country, from causes which prob-
ably might have been foreseen, with some con-
sideration, that we could not reduce the postage
with the same safety to the postal system that
England did; because there they have a dense
population and a small territory, and here we
have comparatively a sparse population distrib-
uted over an immense territory; and therefore the
burden is greater on the postal system here. P>ut
we reduced the postage, and we did no more; and
we have continued from day to day since then to
burden the mails by vast additional mail matter,
the distances increasing by the new communica-
tions established with our distant frontiers.
I still retain the impression that there would be
no impropriety ill Congress retaining the frank-
ing privilege, but that there is a great impropriety
in°their retaining it while the tax of carrying the
mails is saddled on the Trcasuiy of the United
States. It is for that reason alone that I am as
earnest as any member of this body in desiring to
see the franking privilege effectually destroyed.
We must do one of two things: we must yield
up the Federal Treasury and proportionately in-
crease the taxes, not for the purpose of carrying
the mails only, but for the purpose of diffusing
information, and enlightening the people and civ-
ilizing the country by means of the I1 ederal Pie us-
ury, or we must bring back the machinery of the
Post Office to a self-sustaining system. It may
be that the amendment proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin would not very
largely increase the burden of the mail or the cost
of its transportation. But, sir, take away the
precedents. If, then, we can, by a proper course
of legislation, relieve the postal department from
the immense contracts that have been sanctioned
by Congress, or required by Congress, and relieve
the mails from the burden incurred by the frank-
ing privilege, and bring them, with the present
rate of postage, to a system that will sustain it,
self, I shall very cheerfully yield to continuing
the postal system as it is; but if that be not done,
we must either give up the Federal Treasury to
