3f>0;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Wade.
Ho. of Eeps.
should be blessed,' would have been no better
than a * rascally abolition lie.' "
Mr. Chairiqan/on the principle of this reason-
ing, or rather this impious cavil, those guilty men
might have raised a much more plausible argument
for the sale of the soul and body of their brother
than the slaveholders are able to do in defense of
slavery, based upon the good which the Divine
( conomy has "educed " from the " evil " of the
African slave trade. But, sir, it is wicked to
waste precious time on such impudent sophis-
try; let us turn to the testimony of the Bible. On
one occasion, a "certain Pharisee, who was also
a lawyer," tried by one of his legal quibbles to
entangle our Saviour, and propounded to Him the
following questions:
"36. Master, which is the great commandment in the
law?
"37 Jc-n^said unto lnm, Thnu«?halt love the Lord thy
God with al! thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with nil
thy jmnd.
''38. This is the first and great commandment.
" 39. And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy
neighbor as thyself.
"40. On these two commandments hang all the late and
the prophets.7*—Matthew, chap. 22.
"23. Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites!
for ye pay tithe of mint, and anise, and cummin, and have
omitted the weightier mntteis of the law: judgment, mercy,
and faith, these ought ye to have done, and not to leave
the others undone.
"24. Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, and swal-
low a camel."—Ibid., chap. 23.
Mr. Chairman, is there not much of the like
kind of straining at gnats and swallowing of cam-
els in these days of the triumph of a spurious
pro-slavery Gospel ?
Sir, if " all the law and the prophets" hang on.
the above commandment, there ends the Scripture
argument for slavery under the Christian dispen-
sation. No sophistry can elude the conclusive
force of that most comprehensive summing-up of
the absolute and the relative duties of the human
race, as well those they owe to each other as
those they owe to their common Creator. I have
before shown, from the Bible, " who is our neigh-
bor," and need only repeat, that each individual
human being so related to us, by whatever circum-
stances, as to stand in need of kind offices, which
we are able to exercise towaids him, is "our
neighbor;" and we are, therefore, bound to con-
sider his sorrows and sufferings as our own, and
to relieve them as we would have him relieve us
were our relations to each other reversed.
In continuing these extracts from the Bible in
support of the argument against the Scripture
morality of slaveholding, I shall extract some
passages from the Gospel of St. Matthew, which,
for sublimity and pathos, are without a parallel,
even in this book of wonders—the Bible. It is
the description of the final judgment and sentence
of the impenitent; and, above all, the reasons on
which their utterand eternal doom is based. To
my mind those texts alone would be conclusive
against the righteousness of the system of slavery,
inasmuch as they utterly condemn all the motives
of human action in which that system can have
its origin or continuance:
"34. Then shall the king say unto them on his right hand,
Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom pre-
pared for you from the foundation of the world."—Matthew,
chap. 25.
Before slaves had been stolen and worked to
death under the lash.
"35. For I was. an hungered, and ye gave mo meat • [was
thirsty,and yegave me drink: X was arranger,and ye took
me m:
" 36. Naked, and yc clothed me: I was sick, and yo vis-
ited me ; I was in piteon, and ye came unto in;.
" 37. Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord,
whim saw we thee an h lingered, and fed thee ? or thirsty, and
gnv: thee drink ?
" 38. When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in ? or
naked, and clothed theef
" 39. Or when  aw we thee sick, or in prison, and came
unto thee ?
"4t). And the King shall amvci and say mito them, Verily
I say unto ) ou, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the
least of these my brethren, ye nave done it unto me.
"41. Then shall he say also unto them on the leit hand,
Depart irom me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared
foi the devil and his angels :
"42. For I an hungered, and ye gave me no meat:
1 was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:
" 43. I was a stranger, and ye took ine not in: naked, and
ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me
not.
" 44. Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord,
when saw we thee an hungered, or atliiist, or a stianger,
or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto
thee?
"45. Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say
unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of
these, ye did it not to me."—Matthew, chap. 25.
It will not answer for the apologist for slavery
to reply that this rule presents tests of obedience
more severethanhumanfrailtycanendure. These
are Bible tests, and by such tests the slaveholder
submits when he vouches Scripture as his title to
hold his slaves. They are tests prescribed by the
Author of Christianity in his own language, and
evasion is simply impossible. Neither is there
any lack of ability in mankind to comply with
these tests of obediencc which may not be re-
solved into a simple indisposition thereto. The
only difficulty in the case is in the human loill,
not in the work to be done. That perverse and
non-complying will is our own, and it is all for
the government and guidance of which we are
morally responsible in this life, or will be held
responsible in the day and hour of final judg-
ment.
These passages show us further that the Saviour
of the world has left to our care and kindness, as
tests of our faith in and obcdience to Him, not
the wise or the mighty of the earth, but the lowly,
the sorrowing, and the outcast; and has made
ouraffections towards these, as manifested by our
self-denials to relieve their sufferings, from what-
ever sources these may have spiung, the tests of
our obedience, our humanity, self-denial, and
charity towards Him, were He m the like condi-
tion of wretchedness with them. No quirk nor
quibble of the stall-fed priest; no sophistry of
him who directly or indirectly "fares sumptu-
ously everyday" on the unpaid labor of aweary
life of despairing bondage, can shield from the
condemnation of those solemn and fearful declar-
ations of God's written word:
"18. The spirit of the Lord Is? upon me, because he hath
annotated me to preach the Gospel to the poor; he hath
sent ine to heal the broken hearted, to pi each deliverance
to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set
at liberty them that arc bruised,
" 19. To preach the acccptable yenrof the Lord."—Luke,
chap. 4.
If we desire to know what was that accepta-
ble year of the Lord, we are referred to the year
of jubilee, (Leviticus, chap. 25, verses 9 and 10;)
the year when " liberty was proclaimed through-
out all the land, to all the inhabitants thereof."
At this point J may as well advert to certain
objections to the force and authority of the pas-
sages of Scriptures before citcd. Many of these
objections amount simply to a denial of the au-
thority of the Bible itself. But to this class of
objectors I reply, that if the authority of the
Bible is denied when itseems to condemn slavery,
U must, of course, be worthless as an authority in
fttvor of it. Jt cannot be an authority both for
and against the same system.
A favorite modern pro-slavery argument of the
genus before stated is, that the negro and the
white man are not of the same common original
stock. But this, if true in fact, upsets the Bible
argument for slavoy^ inasmuch as it denies the
veracity of its own witness. Thus the express
letter of both the Old and New Testament asserts
the common origin of the whole human family:
"26. And hath made of one blood all nations of men for
to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined
the times before appointed, and the'bounds of their habit-
ation ;
"27. That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might
feel after him, and 11 ndinm, though he be not larfiom every
one of us:
" 28. For in him we live, and move, and have our being;
ascertain also of jom own poets have said, For we arc
also his offspring."
"30. And the tunes of this ignorance God winked at; but
now commandeth all men everywheic to repent:
" 31. Because he hath appointed a day, in winch he will
judge the world in righteousness, by that man whom he
hath ordained wheroot' he hath given assurance unto all
men, in that he hath raised him from the dead."—JicU,
chap. 17.
Whoever appeals to the testimony of the Bible
must accept these proof texts concerning the com-
mon origin of the human race, or lie must deny
the credibility of the whole Bible. These texts
assert no more, significantly, the common origin,
than they do the common destiny of the race. A
common "judgment in righteousness" awaits
us all, white men and black men, bond and free,
"by that Man whom he hath ordained." By
this Scripture it is very clear that neither supe-
riority of race nor diversity of condition will
avail us before that august tribunal. But to
break the force of these texts, it is said that Rabbi
Agassiz,Rabbi Gliddon,and divers others, " men
of renown,"have discovered that the different races
of men are descended from different original stocks;
and hence, that if it is not right, it is at least not
so very bad, to enslave each other; and that the
common Father will probably have so great a
prejudice against the color of his dark children^
that he will not call his white-skined children to
a severe accountfor treating them like the " beasts
that perish."
But further, in confirmation of this brilliant dis-
covery of the rabbis aforesaid, another of the .
same sort, and a southern rabbi at that, has dis-
covered another scientific wonder, namely: that
the negro's wool is not true hair, as is the sorrel
top of the white man; and hence it is inferred by
the philosophers aforesaid that the negro is rather
a cousin germane to the bear and the monkey
than to the white man, who has—if not bald—
"true hair on his head." The wool of the ne-
gro is supposed to prove him near of kin to the
sheep, alpacca, or other wooled animal—the
" wooly horse," for example. But it seems to
me, Mr. Chairman, that an argument built on this
wpoly basis may be turned as well against the
white man's as against the negro's humanity.
Now, the white man's hair is proved, by those
same savans, to be " true hair," and not wool in
the least; so these same philosophers have dis-
covered, by analysis, that the hair of the donkey
is "true hair:" ergo, the white man, or at least
those white men who resort to this argument, are
near of kin to the donkey.
But aside from these crude and not very credit-
able speculations of a few time-serving men of
education and scientific reputation, which are
really unworthy of serious refutation, there are
passages of the New Testament, which are, no
doubt honestly, supposed, under the teachings of a
class of time-serving, or peihaps of really sincere
Christians, to favor the institution of slavery, and
to deserveacandid examination from candid men;
not, however, from any difficulty in the case, but
from the strength of pro-slavery prejudice accu-
mulated in their favor.
No person pretends that either Christ or His
apostles taught the doctrine of slave emancipation
as a duty, as independent of a compliance with
the grand duty of masters doing to slaves as they
would have their slaves do to them were their
conditions reversed. The reason of this probably
was that their mission was not to overthrow, di-
rectly, the existing arrangements of society, but
to teach men the duty and necessity of loving one
another, and of treating each other as a common
brotherhood. Obedience to such teaching would,
of necessity, work the overthrow of every polit-
ical and domestic relation inconsistent with the
command to love our neighbor as ourselves.
Slavery, therefore,as it exists in the slave States
could not be practiced among Christians. Still,
there were in those days, throughout the Roman
empire, multitudes of slaves—not negro, but white
slaves—and among those slaves and masters there
were many converts to the faith of Christ. To
such converts the apostle addresses the language
of I Corinthians, chapter 7:
" 20. Let every man abide m the same calling wherein he
was called.
"21. Art thou called beingaservant? care not for it: but
if thou mayost be made free, use it rather.
"22. For he that is called in the Lord, being a servant,
is the Lord's free man: likewise also he that is called,
being free, is Christ's servant.
"23. Ye arc bought with a price; be not yc the servants
of men."
Thus Christ and the apostles taught the right
of the slave to freedom, and the duty of the mas-
ter to recognize that right; but He did not advise
servants to assert that right by force; neither do
Christians, in these days, teach that doctrine.
The vindictive resumption of withheld rights is
not a doctrine of Christ, whether those rights be
of property or of personal freedom. But this,
surely, gives no sanction to the outrage of with-
holding acknowledged rights, or of denyingthose
rights which are clear and incontestable, by way
of shift or subterfuge for withholding them. On
the contrary, it greatly aggravates the wrong.
On this question, the writings of the Apostle
Paul contain some passages which the advocates
