1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2747
month, beginning on the 1st of January, 1860, and
to continue during the existence of his present dis-
ability.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a resolution requesting the
Senate to r-eturn to the House the bill (H. R. No.
501) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861, to enable the House to supply
a clerical omission in the engrossmentof the bill.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 6th instant, at one o'clock
and nine minutes, the printing of a letter of the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House, a report in refer-
ence to the defalcation of the late postmaster at
New York.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand a message
has just been received from the House of Rep-
resentatives requesting the return of a bill in order
that the House may correct an error. 1 think it
is proper to notice it at once.
Mr. HUNTER. I have just come in for the
purpose of moving that the bill be returned. The
House have sent us a message asking fjjir the re-
turn of the bill (H. R.No.501) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1861, to enable the
House to supply a clerical omission in the en-
grossment of the bill. I move that it be returned.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL ROUTE PREEMPTIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As I am called
out of the Senate to attend a committee of confer-
ence, I desire to ask the Senate to take up what
is called the mail route preemption bill, winch
now lies upon the table, so that I may move to
disagree to the House amendment. No debate
will occur in regard to it. It is necessary, con-
sidering the advanced stage of the session, that
the bill should go back to the House at once, with
our disagreement to their amendment, and let
them take any steps they may choose—ask a con-
ference, if they want one, or let it" die. Legisla-
tion is undoubtedly needed on the subject, and
the Committee on Public Lands have considered
it with great care and attention. Taking every
pioper consideration they could of it, and under-
standing the ease fully, they merely desire to
move that the Senate disagree to the amendment
of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas moves to take up, for considera-
tion, the bili indicated by him. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. PUGH. I think we had better finish the
Private Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it leads to
debate, I shall withdraw my request.
Mr. PUGH. I make no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House to the
Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 44)
confirmingcertain land entries under the third sec-
tion of the act of 3d March, 1855," entitled "An
act making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1856."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate disagree to the House amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
■WEBSTER S. STEELE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
House bill on the Private Calendar is the bill
(H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Webster S. Steele,
which has been reported adversely by the Senate
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that it be laid
aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair sup-
poses the proper question on an adverse report is,
" Shall the bill be indefinitely postponed r"
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is some mistake
about that bill.I apprehend. The same bill passed
the Senate at the last Congress for the relief of this
party, granting him a pension of eight dollars a
month. He was a soldier in the war of 1812, and
was here himself and went before the committee.
The case was reported on favorably .in the Senate,
and paMed the Senate at the last session. I have
called for the papers at the Clerk's desk, and I
find there are no papers with the bill; and this re-
port, I imagine, must have been made for the rea-
son that the papers have not been sent over from
the House. I do not know how else to account
for it. A bill for the same party passed the Sen-
ate at the last Congress; but there are no papers
herewith the bill at this time; there is simply an
adverse report of the Senate committee. I think
the bill ought to pass, and I am sure if the Senate
understood it they would pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of
the Senator from Louisiana was, that the bill be
postponed informally.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is all. I will not ask
that it be postponed indefinitely. I move that it
be passed by informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take that to be the sense of the Senate.
EMMA A. WOOD.
The bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widowof the late Brevet Major George
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mrs. Emma A. Wood,
of Utica, New York, widow of the late Brevet
Major George W. F. Wood, of the Army, on the
pension list, at the rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, to commence from tin: passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. V. IIANSELL AND OTHERS.
The bill (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of W.
Y. Hansel!, the heirs of W. H. Underwood, and
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for paying to these parties $30,000, being
the balance of the sum of $60,000, reserved in the
treaty between the United States and the Chero-
kee nation (negotiated on the 29th of December,
1835) for the payment of the claims, and misap-
plied by the commissioners of the United States
to the payment of other claims; the sum to be
distributed in the following manner: to W. Y.
Hansell, §11,146; to the heirs of W. H. Under-
wood,$9,035; to the legal representatives of Sam-
uel Rockwell, §10,144.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that a verbal amendment seems to be ne-
cessary, the word "sum" having been omitted,
doubtless in the printing of the bill, after the
word " said."
Mr TOOMBS. Nevermind.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARYETT TAN BCSKIRIC.
The bill (II. R. No. 245) for the relief of Ma-
ryett Van Buskirk, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Its object is to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Maryett Van
Buskirk §20,367, imfull payment for the claim for
forage, grain, cattle, and other supplies furnished
to the American Army by Thomas Van Buskirk,
deceased,of Bergen county, New Jersey, during
the revolutionary war.
Mr. PUGH. I understand the bill is for a very
large amount. I should like to hear the report.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Briggs, of the House Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, by which it appears that Maryett
Van Buskirk is the lineal descendant of Thomas
Van Buskirk, who, during the period of our rev-
olutionary struggle, was a wealthy farmer and
grazier, and a man of great influence. He was
one of the most ardent Whigs of the revolution,
and in a community where a large part of the
population was hostile to the American cause.
The American tioops at dilferent times, under
the command of Generals Wayne, Greene, and
other officers, during the period ranging between
the years 1777 and 1730, encamped at Harring-
ton, (or Paramos, as sometimes called,) m Ber-
gen county, New Jersey. In the latter years, the
winter of 1779-80, General Washington, with the
main army, were encamped at Morristown, near
by. From 3777, while our army was in winter
quarters at Valley Forge, until the year 1780,
Thomas Van Buskirk was frequently applied to
by the several officers commanding the American
troops for supplies of cattle, horses, forage, grain,
and o^her necessary articles, all of which he fur-
nished ; and he frequently purchased articles from
others with his own money, to enable him to
supply the army. The difficult task of obtaining
supplies at this time, and in a part of the State
notoriously disaffected; the resort to force by our
officers to obtain them, under the command of a
resolution of Congress, are facts known in his-
tory. The evidence establishes the fact that it
was during this time that the ancestor of the peti-
tioner, Thomas Van Buskirk, furnished these
supplies, with cheerfulness and alacrity. It is also
proven that when the.British had possession of
Philadelphia, in 1778, and Colonel Lee had been
sent into New Jersey to carry off and destroyall
(hat otherwise might fall into the hands of the
enemy, in order to cut off their supplies, among
those that suffered in this expedition was Thomas
Van Buskirk, who cheerfully gave up what ho
had. He seldom was paid in money for his
property, but instead received certificates, exe-
cuted by the several officers in command, a3 pro-
ven by the depositions of parties who saw the
officers sign many of them. One of the witnesses
examined on the 1st day of December, 1854, says
that he was then ninety-six years of age, and
that he saw Colonel Lee subscribe two qjf the
certificates, and that he saw the property described
in three of the others delivered to Major Tilgham.
It is satisfactorily proven that the amount of sup-
plies of every kind thus furnished by Thomas
Van Buskirk to the American army, with those
destroyed by Colonel Lee, amounted to the sum
of $20,367, which is covered by the certificates,
and still remains unpaid.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. BRAGG. I should like to ask one ques-
tion. I sec it stated that the present claimant is
a lineal descendant of the party who is alleged ori-
ginally to have furnished these supplies. I should
like a statement from the committee, whether this
claimant is the only descendant, and how he or
she represents the original claimant.
Mr. FOSTER. She is the great grandchild, if
I mistake not, of the party who furnished these
supplies. Her father is alive. He is the repre-
sentative, and the sole representative; but the
father has transferred his claim to his daughter,
who is the great grandchild of Thomas Van Bus-
kirk, who furnished the supplies. That is the
relation in which she stands to the claim.
Mr. PUGH. That suggestion, it seems to me,
ought to call the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment to this matter. It is a very vicious practice
in us to pay to heirs-at-law and assigns. The
proper party is the administrator.
Mr. BRAGG. Undoubtedly.
Mr. PUGH. If there be none, there is no rea-
son why to-morrow, or after the passage of the
hill, the. proper probate or orphan'scourt or county
court may not appoint an administrator to make
distribution. If we pay the money to the wrong
person, there will be another claim. We ought
to follow legal principles, and, standing on the
ground of paying the claim, we ou^ht to pay it to
the legal representatives. 1 am disinclined to dis-
turb tiiis House bill, for fear it may suffer some
mishap if sent to the other House with an amend-
ment; and yet, as the amount is very large, I
would suggest to my friend froni Connecticut
whether it would not be well to insert a provision
that the money shall be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of the party.
Mr. FOSTER. I think there is no question
that the party in whose favor this bill is made
stands in the relation legally, beyond all question,
of the original party. I think ncr ancestor took
under the will of Thomas Van Buskirk; and,
therefore, it would not, as the Senator from Ohio
correctly suggests, be in the administrator, but it
would be through the person who derived title by
the will. The distribution being made under the
will, I do not think there is any legal question
such as the gentleman suggests that would be
embarrassing at all. Itwould be, as I happen to
know, and as gentlemen would know, if they
knew the facts, very embarrassing to the pai ty in
interest if the bid should be delayed. The claim
