1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
holds the high office of President of the United
States.
There is another newspaper in my city, which
is not very well sustained. It is the leading Dem-
ocratic press of my State; but it cannot very well
afford to pay its editors. In that city there is an
office—I will call it an office—of porter or* mes-
senger to the post office. It is a salaried office,
the duties of which are to transport the mails from
the post office to the cars. A gentleman connected
with the Democratic Free Press is this salaried
post office porter. He receives $1,200 a year as
porter to the post office; but he hires a cartman
for twenty dollars a month to do the work. Four
times a year, at the end of each quarter, he draws
his $300, and pays over his sixty dollars to the
man who does the work. lie thus pockets his
salary from the Post Office Department of $1,200
a year, less $240, which he pays to the man who
performs the service. Nine hundred and sixty
dollars per annum are therefore paid for no other
earthly service than the partisan support of a cor-
rupted press; and this is no exceptional case, icy
throughout this broad land post offices and cus-
tom-houses are made to pay tribute for the same
sycophantic and degrading prostitution of that
engine which should diffuse both light and truth.
But again, sir, I have a little further experience
in my State. In the summer of 1857 a man in the
town of Lexington, in the State of Michigan, was
detected in robbing the mail. It appeared that he
was a deputy postmaster; that is to say, the post-
master lived some mile or two away from the
office, and deputized him to act as postmaster un-
der the plea that, owning the Democratic paper,
he must receive the revenues of the office to enable
him to run his press. The facts of the case were
set forth at the Post Office Department. How
was the guilty man treated? The postmaster of
Lexington was removed, and the identical man
who had robbed the mail was appointed to succeed
him. I supposed'that this was a mere mistake; I
supposed that they had taken the postmaster who
had been removed for the thief, and I applied at
the Post Office Department to have the mistake
rectified. I brought the papers along and sub-
mitted tkem to the Postmaster General, and said:
" this is clearly a mistake, and I ask that it be
rectified, and that this man be removed." He
said, " very well; I will have it investigated."
This was during the first session of the Thirty-
Fifth Congress, and some months after the man
had been detected. I went to the Post Office De-
partment from time to time, but I was turned
away and sent to one of the Assistant Postmasters
General to see what progress was made in the in-
vestigation. Finally, the Assistant Postmaster
General drew out a large quantity of letters from
leading Democrats in my State, and said that it
was necessary for the Democratic party that this
man should be kept in office. "But," said I,
" this man is a post office robber, a thief; and I
demand that you have him removed. I do notask
that a Republican be put m his place, but that you
have a Democrat appointed who will not steal."
Well, sir, the demand was deemed unreasonable.
[Laughter.] He was not removed; he was re-
tained in office; and more, sir, he was promoted
—he was promoted to be the deputy United States
marshal for that district after these charges were
made and proved. It was a very lucialive place
for him. Under the postmaster he could rob the
mail, and being deputy United States marshal his
very first act was to establish ail immense manu-
factory of counterfeit money, [laughter;] but he
held his office there for two years after these facts
were established. True, he was a liberal man; lie
owned a newspaper press, and they could not
have a Democratic press there without giving it
the patronage of the post office. He spent his
money freely, and he could afford to do so, foi he
made it himself, [laughter,] or all beyond what he
p-ot by robbing the mail.
It is these abuses, extending from the highest
to the lowest officer under this Government con-
nected with the Post Office Department, that pre-
vent it from becoming a self-sustammg concern.
It is absolutely necessary that a different and
more economical system be introduced; that the
whole system of jobs be abolished; and I trust
that some more efficient system may be introduced.
I understand that the present Postmaster General
is laboring with all his might to reform many of
these abuses. 1 hope he will succeed m remedy-
ing many of them; but I do not believe that the
franking privilege is the greatest or one of the
great abuses.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I concur in much
that was said by the honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin;] and yet 1 regret that he
said it on this occasion, for the most effectual way
to defeat a proposition is to bring in something
disconnected with it. We have heard enough
about steamships,and about railroads, and about
star bids. We know all about them; but that is
not the question. The question is, shall we get
rid of the franking privilege ? Suppose it is not
the chief error; suppose it is not the chief incubus
of the Post Office Department; suppose its abuses
are not as great as some Senators have said: we
come back to the question, it is an abuse that lies
at our door; and until we begin reformation at
home, we are not the men to commence reforma-
tion abroad. *
I object to the franking privilege as wrong in
principle, even if it were not abused. It is a
system of compensating members of Congress;
nothing else. It was intended as part of their
compensation; and it is in vain for gentlemen to
print their speeches in the Globe, and call it a
burden. If it were a burden, they would be glad
to get rid of it. It is part of their pay; it extends
not only during the sessions of Congress, but
during the whole term of officc. It relieves us i
from paying postage. If our pay is not sufficient, j
let us raise it, openly and distinctly; but not, while i
we profess to receive a particular compensation, j
charge our expenses for receiving and sending
letters upon the revenue of the Government.
It is wrong as applied to every person, to the
President aiid Vice President, and members of
Congress; and so as to other persons upon whom
it has been confened by name; it is a mere pen-
sion; and therefore I concur with the Senator from
Maine. I will strike it out everywhere. If I can-
not strike it out everywhere, 1 will strike it out
where I can. He shall have my vote to strike out
the proviso that retains it for any person, whether
conferred specially by name, or by a general au-
thority. And sir, look at the operation ofit. The
Post Office was given to the Federal Government
as a source of revenue. It was intended to be a
source of revenue, as much so as the duties upon
imported articles. No man can read the debates
of the convention that framed the Constitution
without seeing that it was intended as a source of
revenue to maintain the Government. Instead of
that, you have loaded it down with the franking
privilege, which is part of the compensation of
Congressmen and other public officers; you have
loaded it down with subsidies to steamships; you
have loaded it down with subsidies to contractors;
you have loaded it down with subsidies to rail-
roads; until now it must be supported at the ex-
pense of the Government, and the money that
supports it must be added to the duties levied on
imported articles. That is our revenue. You
have perverted the whole design of the Constitu-
tion; and it has risen to that maximtlm now that
it swells the great tide of expenditure and extrav-
agance by this Government.
I have been told by an intelligent gentleman—
I have not been able to veiify the figures myself,
but it cannot be far from the truth—that this Fed-
eral Government expands every year more money
than all the State governments put together. If
it were raised by direct taxation, as the revenues
of the States are, it would not be tolerated for a
month; but you go on with impunity because it
is a system of indirect taxation. You do not let
the purchaser know, when ho goes into a store
to buy an imported article, that a portion of the
price which lie thinks he gives for the article is
really his tax to this Government. The object
is to cut off every source of revenue of the Fed-
eral Government, except the duty on imported
articles, and thereby to pervert the taxing power
of the Federal Government into a contrivance to
plunder the agricultural States for the benefit of
the manufacturing States; and that is one element
of it. Keep up the expenses of the Post Office
Department; charge upon them part of the com-
pensation of Congressmen; charge upon them part
of the compensation of Presidents and heads of'
Departments; charge upon them the pensions you . \
have given to ex-Piestdents and their widows; :i
and thus create a deficit m the Federal Treasury, j|
and fill that deficit by an increase of the duties on IS
imported articles; that is what it means; that is
why the House of Representatives have refused
to concur in our amendment to the Post Office
deficiency bill; and if we can bring them to a vote
on the abolition of the franking privilege in no
other way, I hope that the majority of the Sen-
ate, when their bill comes here, if it shall come,
to raise the duties on" imported articles, will put
this amendment there, and stand by it until the
4th day of March, 1861.
Sir, I represent a State of which agriculture is
the chief interest; and until we pull down the ex-
penses of this Government and bring them where
they belong legitimately, we shall liave it as it
now is, a grand prize, attracting the ambition of
the profligate, North and South. If this Govern-
ment expended only ten or twelve million dol-
lars a year, you would never hear of an " irre-
pressible conflict." It is an irrepressible conflict
for the spoils, for the honors and the offices and
the patronage of this Government. That is what
it means, sir. These party strifes would be tame
affairs if the Government of the United States had
not so many offices and so much revenue.
1 say the reform is to begin here. It is not
worth while to attempt to deceive ourselves or to
deceive others. This franking privilege is money
to us. The Government pays our postage—that
is the plain English of it—and there is no more
reason why it should pay our postage than the
postage of every citizen in the Republic. If it is
for the distribution of civilization, give every man
a chancc to distribute civilization. I say it is for
us; and it has gone to that degree now that the
Post Officc Department must either be relieved in
all these particulars, this being one,or it must be
finally pensioned upon the revenues of the Treas-
ury derived from imports. This being our of-
fense, being our matter, within our control, let
us begin here; and when wc have done this act
of retrenchment, when we have purged ourselves
from all connection with these things, we can go
about to call other officers of the Government,
executive and otherwise, here and elsewhere, to
an account.
I say, then, that if the franking privilege had
never been abused at all, I should nevertheless be
in favor of repealing the laws which authorised it.
The amendment offered by the Senator from Wis-
consin comprises an attempt to save the most
objectionable part of it. There is some argument
why the books which you print should be distrib-
utes, but there is no argument why the speeches
of Senators, and the speeches of Representatives,
printed at their own expense, and put into envel-
opes, should be circulated free of postage. If our
constituents do not deem our utterances here of
sufficientconsequence to pay the postage on them,
let them sink into oblivion and be forgotten.
Now, I hope that instead of the complaints of
the Post Office Department in other particulars,
which have been debated again and again and
again, since I have been here upon the appropria-
tion bills, we shall bring ourselves to the question
of this bill. Shall we, Senators, commence by
giving back to this Government this extra com-
pensation which is paid to us under the name of
the franking privilege ? If we commence it, if we
set this example of self-dtnial, then wc can talk
to other officers of the Government. I hed hoped
this bill would pass by a unanimous vote, as it did
the last session; but I very much fear, from the
course of debate, that a general complaint is to be
made of the Post Officc Department, and a repre-
sentation that the franking privilege ig not so very
bad after all, and it will finally end as our amend-
ment to the deficiency bill did, by not being passed
into a law.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, the Senator
from Ohio seems to think it important to abolish
the franking privilege. 1 have no groat objection
to abolishing it, or to retaining it in the modified
form proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin;
but the Senator from Ohio says there is a covert
purpose in retaining the franking privilege to get
at some revenue system that will benefit the man-
ufacturing States.
Mr. PUGH. I said the effect of this whole
thing of keeping up the expenditures of the Fed--
eral Government, and preventing the Post Office
being self-sustaining, would end in that very prop-
osition—plundering the agricultural States for the
benefit of the manufacturing States.
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated that the Senator said
