1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
would never think of enlisting for the term of five years.
It is no objection to sav that six months would be too short
a tunc to make disciplined tioops of these men. They
would all bo skillful riders and dexterous in the useot fire-
anns—soldierly accomplishments which it takes years to
teach, inadequately, to many of our mounted men. As they
would go at once into the. field, they would need little be-
* yond a knowledge of loutine necessary in camp life, for
they would be already fitted for spy or scout duty, so essen-
tial in Indian warfare. In actual battle with the Indians,
succcss is more owing to individual prowess, skill ii\arms
and horsemanship, than to discipline.
((After a few yeais this system would supply the front-
iers with a very large number of settlers sufficiently in-
structed and disciplined to give them confidence and self-
reliancc, whose personal knowledge of the country and the
haunts of the savages would render them fully capable of
either defense 01 attack. In point of economy gieat ad-
vantages would accruc to the country. It would save all
expense for the foiageof half the number of horses belong-
in" to the mounted service ; it would save the pay, clothing,
subsistence, fuel, and quaiters of tlio tame numberof men
for haif the year, and dunngthfi most expensive part of it—
the winter; and whilst pivin? afresh supply of good horses
cveiv year, would cost the Government nothing for them.
To prevent any miscariia?e of the plan, it might be intro-
duced giaiiuaUy and m such manner as not to impair the
ctFicicncy of the service, or to endanger the security of the
frontiers.
"The Texan and New Mexican people would, beyond
doubt, gladly embrace such an opportunity to enter the
service, than whom no better troops for such service could
be found. This system would save considerable sums in
the hue of spies a'nd guides, nearly all of whom are now
taken from this class of men."
This, Mr. Chairman,is the plan submitted by
the Secretary of War at the beginning of this ses-
sion of Congress. He proposes to have the very
troops which the Senate amendment proposes to
raise, exccptthat under the Secretary's plan they
were to be enlisted for six months into the com-
panies in the regular service, under United States
captains and lieutenants. We will have identi-
cally the same troops that the Secretary argues
conclusively are the best, except that they will
have company officers and field officers of their
own selection; but they will be still under the con-
trol of the United States officer commanding that
department.
Now, the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs says he docs not see the ne-
cessity for this regiment; but he puts his objec-
tion to it, in no little degree, on the ground that
this recommendation has been procured from Sec-
retary Floyd by the earnest solicitation of the
Texan Representatives in the two Houses of Con-
gress. It is true, as the honorable member states,
that ihe Secretary did withhold that recommenda-
tion for some cause; and that cause I now desire
to explain, as I think I can do conclusively, to the
satisfaction of the committee.
The Secretary of War and the President, it is
well known, when the bill passed authorizing
Texas regiments to be raised,preferredan increase
of the regular Army. It is well known that they
prefer regular to volunteer troops for such warfare.
The Secretary of War did not recommend it so
long as there was a hope of having his own plan
adopted. I cannot say that I would not have
favored that plan. But the very reason the Sec-
retary does not insist on that plan now is, that it is
too late in the year to accomplish what he desires.
It would take much longer to enlist men than to
raise the proposed volunteers. He knew that the
plan of mounting infantry could not be effective
for this summer's season, and he now desires to
do the best he can under the circumstances of the
case; that is, to call out these volunteers._ I be-
lieve he has recommended it in good faith. I
believe it is the most effective plan that can ^ow
be adopted to bring to a close these Indian dep-
redations.
The officers of the regular Army all concur m
the opinion that you must cafry the war into the
Indian country; that you must penetrate their fast-
nesses; that you must make them feel it in then-
homes. That is the only way in which you can
put a stoi> to the inroads of the Camanches.
The objection made to volunteers is, that they
are too destructive; that women and children will
suffer alike with the men. Well, sir, instances
occur of women and children being killed by the
regular troops. In the gallant fight made by
jor Van Dorn, on the 13th of May last, in which
some forty or fifty Indians were killed, he reports
that eight Comanche women were unavoidably
and unintentionally killed; yet, sir, a more gallant,
humane, or prudent officer—one who has shed lus-
ter in the wars of the country with the savages, as
well as with a more civilized foe^—cannot be found
in the American service. But, sir, these incidents
of the killing women have occurred in the past;
and they mustoccur in the future,necessarilyand
unavoidably from the nature of their warfare, in
which the women themselves frequently take part.
But I think that such a regiment as is now asked
for, under the control of the officers in the regu-
lar service, may safely be called out. And, sir,
while we are actuated by hi^h considerations of
humanity towards these Indians, let us not lose
sight of considerations of humanity to our own
race. We owe protection to the people of Texas.
When they were admitted as a State of this Con-
federacy, we assumed the duty of protecting them
from their savage foes; and it will be a crying
shame if we allow this summer to pass without
affording that protection.
I desire to say, before I take my seat, that the
Secretary of War makes his recommendation for
the passage of this measure in earnest terms. He
says:
" I have just heard of your return, and embrace the op-
portunity to say that, in my judgment, the interests of the
country imperatively demand that those troops should be
called out. The exposed condition of the Texan frontier,
and the destruction of life and property, make it necessary
for a larger and more effective force to be posted in that
ricinity than it is possible for this Depaitment to supply."
Mr. PENDLETON. I am one of the members
of the Military Committee, who has had the
misfortune to differ with the majority. I think
that every consideration of justice to the people
of Texas, and of economy in the administration
of the affairs of the General Government, requires
that the amendment of the Senate should be con-
curred in by the House. And I do so because I
think it is demonstrable, indeed that ithas already
been demonstrated to the House, that there is an
Indian war now existing within the borders of
Texas; and that the discharge of its duties to the
people of that State requires this Government to
interfere for their assistance.
I was surprised yesterday when the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Olin] informed the House
that there were no Indian hostilities worthy of the
name now within the limits of Texas. In a com-
munication addressed to the Senate by the Presi-
dent, under the date of 6th March, 1860, there is
a copy of a letter from General Houston, Gov-
ernor of Texas, to the Secretary of War, under
date of the 15th February, 1860. In that letter he
uses this language:
 < I deplore the situation of Texas: an empty treasury,
the Indian tioubies unexampled for the la-^t ten years, and
the forays from Mexico on our southern boideis, aie well
calculated to impress the mind of the Executive of the ► tate
of Texas with the intricacies of the attitude which he has,
injustice to his fellow-citizens and humanity, to assume,
should not the Fedeial arm be speedily raisea, and extended
in behalf of our suffering frontier."
In a communication transmitted to the Military
Committee by the Secretary of War, I find a let-
tor from Colonel Lee, now in command of the
United States tro.ops in Texas, which has been
alluded to by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Bonham.] it bears date of March 6, 1860.
He says:
" Reports from the posts in the northern part of Texas
give frequent information of deptedations upon the settle-
ment* These have become more numerous and darmg
since the necessity lias arisen for withdiawing a portion ot
the force on that line, to place it on the luo Grande. Dur-
ing the last month outrages have occurred m the immedi-
ate neighborhood of many of the posts, several ot which
are occupied By cavalry. In some instances Indians have
been overtaken and punished ; m others they have escaped,
from the nature of the ground, the obliteration of the trail,
or other causes beyond the control of the pursuing party.
Again, he says:
" On the same evening: on which the animals from the
Indian a enev were stolen. Fcbruaiy 18, a citizen lesidmg
within two miles of Foil Mason was rhot, within one hun-
dred vards of his house, by three Indians, on loot 1 he
commanding ofhcerdul not hear of the attack till nestmo.n-
in", when lie endeavoicd tor thiec days to discover the trait
of"the assassins, hut without effect."
Goin^ on to speak of the necessity of posting
troops on the frontier, for the protection of the
settlements, lie says:
'•The tioops in the department are posted ovel along
line of frontier, and vet. from the paucity ot tueir number,
are nnablc to protect the settlements. The best^ method «
preventing the inroad-' of the Indians is l° "nd * -'r°! °
body of troops into their country, which wonkI have the
oflect of recalling them to their w omen and childu n .but
there is not at this tune within the department a
available for the puiposc."
Ao-ain, in another letter from Governor Hous-
ton, of still Liter date than his former letter to the
! Secretary of War, he says:
i " Texas is ready for the emergency, and will net at a mo
ment's warning. Texas needs, to repel invasions both from
the Indians aud Mexico, an immediate supply of arms.;'
Now, sir, this is the official record of the last
two months, made by the executive of the State
of Texas, and by the commanding officer of the
United States troops in that department; and -it
shows that a state of hostilities between the In-
dians and the whites, unparalleled in the history
of the last ten years, now exists.
We have had it stated upon this floor by the
gentlemen from Texas, that since they have been
attending to their duties in this Capitol, during
tliis session, within the limits of their own dis-
tricts, almost within ear-shot of the capital of the
State, there have been sixty-four white citizens
murdered by the Indians. And, sir, in the news-
papers of to-day—in the Constitution of this
morning—you will find an account of the Indian
hostilities, not only in Texas, but in New Mex-
ico. A most deplorable state of things exists
all along the New Mexican frontier. Settlers are
compelled to leave their homes, to desert their
houses and property, and to abandon all their im-
provements in order to save the lives of their fam-
ilies. The.Camanche Indians are continually com-
mittingdepredations upon them. Sir, the accounts
of to-day show conclusively that the Government
of the United States' has been derelict in the per-
formance of its duty to the frontier settlers; and if
this course is to be continued,.it will be sufficient
to justify them in organizing their companies and
inflicting chastisement upon those Indians, to any
extent whatever, whenever they may find them.
No w, Mr. Chairman, what is the response given
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Olin,] my
colleague upon the Committee on Military Affairs,
to the argument based upon this state of affairs ? He
states that no regular war exists. "What does he
mean by a regular war? When the Indians make
war they send out small parties. They commit
depredations wherever they can. They murder,
pillage, burn, and steal. They do whatsoever they
can to injure those who reside ill the country where
they prowl. Does the gentleman expect that they
will send a formal declaration of war, equip an
army, and lay in supplies ? Does he suppose that
they will give notice to the Government before-
hand that they design making a foray into the set-
tlements ? Why, sir, the war upon the Mexican
and Texan frontier is exactly like every otheV
Indian war which has been waged in the western
country.
What further response does he make r He says
that the Texans themselves have committed acts
of great cruelty upon the reserve Indians. I ad-
mit it. It is true that they have committed acts
of cruelty. I agree with the gentleman that the
history of those outrages will be a black one. I
admit that the statement of those outrages excites
the liveliest indignation; but, while 1 admit that,
1 can find, in the correspondence to which the
gentleman alludes, a great deal to palliate those
outrages. As was stated by the gentleman from
Soutli Carolina, [Mr. Bonham,] bitter enmity
has existed between the Indians upon the reserve
and the people of the neighborhood for many
years They were located on those reserves in
the midst of the people of Texas against their
wishes and their remonstrances, repeated time
and again. The people became so exasperated,
by well-founded charges of theft and murder,
against these Indians, that they determined to
confine them within the reserve. If the gentleman
from New York will examine all this correspond-
ence, as I have done, he will find that the people
of the surrounding counties proposed that the
Government should keep the Indians within the
reserves; and if that were done, they would not
molest them. He will find that it was not done,
but that the Indians were permitted to roam at
lar<re to the great annoyance of the whites. He
will find that the Governor of the State, in order
to keep them out of harm's way, sent a corps of
State troops, who surrounded the reserves and
pi offered to give the friendly Indians who left the
reserves an escort, to show to the people of the
neighboring counties thatthey had left the reserves
upon legitimate business and'were to be treated as "
friends. ' ,
The gentleman will find that the agent whom
he has lauded so much, Major Neighbors, refused
the escorts, and refused to cooperate with the com-
mander of the Texan troops. These escorts were
proffered for the very purpose of helping these
