784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15.
there was an indirect purpose and design, on the
partof people who thought something- of the labor
of the country, whether in agriculture or in man-
ufactures, to keep up the public expenditures, so
as to get the franking privilege on the Department,
in order to tax the agricultural for the benefit of
the manufacturing States,
Mr. PUGH. That is one of ten thousand
things.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have heard it stated, since
this debate began, that the Post Office Department,
up to the year 1851 or 1852, had paid a revenue
to the Government with the franking privilege
existing. It paid all its expenses, and, besides,
yielded a revenue to the Treasury, up to that pe-
riod. The abuses and extravagant expenditures
which have recently been characteristic of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, in this Department,
have all come about within seven or eight years.
These abuses have been introduced anu extended
by an Administration that calls itself a free-trade
Administration, belonging to the party of the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio, who has justaceused other people
of having indirect objects in maintaining extiav-
agant expenditures. It is his party that lias made
these extravagant outlays in the form ho has been
condemning; and he is getting up this little talk
about franking to raise a smoke to cover them in
their iniquities, and keep the people's sight from
them, and charge the responsibility on somebody
else.
Mr. PUGH. What was the outlay that was
made ?
Mr. SIMMONS. This outlay for carrying the
mail, this subsidizing railroads, these expendi-
tures, that have been carried up from four or five
million to nine million within five or six years.
Mr. PUGH. The laws have been passed by
Congress.
Mr. SIMMONS. What laws?
Mr. PUGH. All of them.
Mr. SIMMONS. The mails have not been let
in ten years under the law. They have been
let in direct violation of law. Your Department
gives a high price for four-horse post-coaches,
when the law requires that no distinction should
be made as to the mode of service. I know when
the law was violated, and I tried to get it back
again. But, sir, the outlays of fins Post Office
Dopartmenthavedoublcd within six years. There
has been the most extravagant outlay I ever hoard
of. The expenses of the Department are three-
fold what the law permits them to be. There is
a limit in the law, and the actual income is twenty-
five or Unity percent, above the legal limit of the
expenditure.
1 have no purpose of making a speech to retain
the franking privilege for the benefit of members i
of Congress. My deliberate judgment is, that j
the franking privilege costs members of Congress j
a good deal more money than it would if they i
paid their postage, bccause the people expect a 1
great deal of printed matter. But the retention ,
of the franking privilege as to letters or packages '
of no more than an ounce weight, woulu not cost
the Government, in the transportation of the mails,
$100 extia. It might be that the speeches might
be more expensive, but 1 do not think it is worth
while to higgle a greeft deal about whether you
frank written matter, or do not frank at all: but
this is not the way to reach this great evil. \Vh£n
vou have a deficiency of five or six million dol-
lars a year, to strike off the franking of docu-
ments or communications weighing less than two
ounces is n<5t going to reach anything; it is not
going to amount to anything; it is going to post-
pone reaching a great evil by doing a small act,
and making a great deal of talk about it. There
will be no great difference in the lesult. I think ,
the Postmaster General is trying to correct these
abuses, and he will make a great saving—tenfold
the saving we should make by the difference
whether frankmg is allowed on smnil packages, '
or no franking at all. That will make but wry
little difference; but the books that we print inav
make a difference m the transportation of the
mails d. great distance,. I think they do, and I
have been trying to stop the printing of the books, ;
so that we should not have any to frank. That '
would be my way, and not to pay for the cost of '
printing the books and then for carrying thera in :
the mail. But the Senator from Ohio says that is :
the only kind of matter that there is any excuse I
for giving the franking privilege upon. We do j
not deny the franking of them for the purpose of
relieving the mails so much as we do for the pur-
pose of relieving the Treasury from the cost of
printing the books. I agree that that is indirect.
We cannot get the printing of the books stopped,
because there is some profit that goes to other
sources, to carry on the party. Otherwise, I be-
lieve we could stop them. I shall vote for the
motion of the Senator from Maine to strike out
the proviso reported by the committee—that mem-
bers of Congress shall have $175 worth of franks.
Mr. PUGH. That is not the committee's
amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the bill reported by
the Post Office Committee.
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote to strike out the
stamps.
Mr. SIMMONS. That I understand is the bill
before us, reported by the Post Office Committee.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
We have struck ail that out.
Mr. SIMMONS. I heard it read so.
Mr. GWIN. Let the amendment of the Post
Office Committee be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads reported back the original
hi!! which had been referred to them, and lecom-
niend an entire substitute; in other words striking
outall after the enacting clause of the original bill
and reporting another in its place. When a sub-
stitute js offered, the original bill and the substi-
tute are both open before the Senate for amend-
ment. TheSenatorfromMamehasnow proposed
to amend the original bill, by striking out all after
the word "abrogated," in the first section; and
that is the first question to be taken.
Mr. SIMMONS. Who introduced the original
bill?
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Powell.]
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand now, that the
Senator from Kentucky, who made an elaborate
argument the other day for abolishing the frank-
ing privilege, introduced this bill originally; that
it was referred to the Post Office Committee, and
that the IJost Office Committee propose an amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. A substitute striking it all out.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand that amend-
ment was under consideration, and now it it is
proposed to amend it still further. I merely wish 1
to get at the exact state of these proceedings. I !
supposed when this bill was first read that this was i
probably the suggestion of the Post Office Depart- !
ment. I came to that conclusion partly from the \
location of the Senator who introduced the bill. \
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will permit me, i
the bill was mtioduced by the Senator from Ken- j
tucky, and referred to the Post Office Committee, !
taken up by that committee, considered, and re-
ported back with a substitute, consisting of a 1
single section abolishing the franking privilege. ,
Mr. SIMEONS. I understand that. I under-
stand the original bill to have been introduced by
the Senator from Kentucky; and I say that, from
his location and from the elaborate argument he I
made the other day, as to the Post Office Depart- s
ment, it struck me that this was probably the ;
suggestion of the Department. j
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will allow me, j
I will state that I introduced the bill without be- <
ing instigated by the Post Office Departmcntat all. !
Mr. SIMMONS. I have ascertained this fact: '
that this bill came from the reformers, from the I'
most active reformers in this Post Office business;
and all the provisions in it except that which is
embraced before the proviso,I shall vote to strike ''j
out; because I am against allowing $175 to each ■.
member of Congress in lieu of franking. I believe ! J
that one fourth of that amount would pay for all 'j
the franks we should send out under the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin. When that ;l
is stricken out, I suppose the other question will j!
come up, whether we shall put in the substitute. !
I will say nothing further until that proposition
comes up.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that the amendment ^
offered by the Senator from Maine to strike out all
of the original bill after the word " abrogated ,}
will be agreed to. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question now pending before the Senate. *
Mr. POWELL. That will leave the bill simply
abrogating entirely the franking privilege. When
I introduced this bill, I put a clause m it giving
Senators and Representatives a certain amount of
postage stamps. On reflection, I believe that is
wrong; and I had intended, when the bill was re-
ported, to move to strike it out. I hope the motion
of the Senator from Maine will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read that portion of the bill which will re-
main, if the motion of the Senator from Maine
be carried.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
o f the United States of America in Congress assembled. That
all laws and pai ts of laws granting and eon'Vi rintr upon any
person whomsoever the n«lit or priv,le:rc to ieeei\ e ot ti ms-
mit through the mails, of the United Slate.-. Gee <>1 po-ja^',
letter-:, packets, newspaper*. p"ih>dieal . bonk-, or nnv
otliei mailable matter, piinfed or wutien. he, and thes-rane
aie hereby, repealed and abrosated.
Mr. MASON. 1 submit to the Senator fiom
Maine, who, I think, made that suggestion, that
that would not affect all matter which pnssi s
through the mail free. There is a lawwlreh an-
il thonzes the Globe to pass free through the mail,
| and a very heavy incumbrance it is.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the mnendunnt,
:t it is directed principally to the few pfi\so::s who
would, und'T thus substitute, r< tain tin neht to
j frank: that is to say, the rx-Presidents, and the
_! Widows of ex-Presidents, of whom, I believe,
:j there is at this time but one. It strikes me as a
!j very small affair. The proposition to take this
'j privilege from the few persons who will retain it
ii under the provision reported by the committee,
:j and upon whom it has been conferred by special
,j acts of Congress bccause of the dignity of their
office, and one of them a widow lady who prob-
,j ably does not send twenty-five cents of mail mat-
ii ter under her frank in the course of a? year, seems
■ to me to be of that character of small things which
'j the law ought not to notice. I would much prefer,
;j as a matter of civility, to leave that to remain as
I it is.
(| Mr. COLLAMER. Does the gentleman from
; I Mississippi propose to effect his purpose by of-
:| fering to amend the amendment proposed, so as
■ : to stnke out all of the bill after the first-section 1
J! Mr. DAVIS. Oh, let the question be taken.
| Mr. COLLAMER. But if you amend the
! amendment by striking out all after the first sec-
j tion, you save that part of the bill.
I Mr'. WIGFALL. I am on the committee that
• reported this bill, and I judge from the course of
the discussion that there is a misapprehension on
the other side of the Senate. The bill introduced
II by the Senator from Kentucky was referred to
, the Committee 011 the Post Office and Post Roads,
j We determined not to report that bill, and substi-
; tilted for it a bill 111 precisely the words that the
| Senators on the other side desire now — that is,
abrogating- the franking privilege entirely. That
! is the bill winch we have reported and recom-
; mended, with one single proviso, that such j.er-
| sons as have had the franking privilege confeired
upon them specially by Congress shall retain it.
Then the bill under consideration, and recom-
mended by the committee, is a bill utterly and
wholly abolishing the franking privilege, except
as to Mrs. Polk, and some one or two ex-Presi-
dents who are alive. That is the condition of it.
Therefore, the motion would have been more
properly to strike out from the bill reported by
the committee that proviso, than to take up a bill
that we have not reported and move to strike out
all after a clause that we have not recommended.
1 We have recommended, as a substitute for the
; bill that was introduced by the Senator from Ken-
i tucky, a separate bill, that abrogates the franking
privilege, except as to some persons who are
specified. Now, if the Senator from Maine de-
sires that Mrs. Polk and ex-Presidents Van Ra-
re 11 and Fillmore shall not have the right to frank
letters, so be it; and rather than the measure
shall be lost, I will vote for taking- this poor priv-
ilege from them. It was a compliment; it t;osls
but little; but if the bill is to be hazarded upon
that, l am perfectly willing to concur 111 striking
it out, in order to abrogate the flanking pnvilegi'
But from the. course of the discussion,"those \Wio
are not informed un the subject might suppose
that we had recommended back the lull introduced
by the Senator from Kentucky. We have done
such thing. We have introduced precisely the
bill the Senator from Maine desires, saving and
