1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
Indians to gather uptheirproperty,and taking it
within the confines of the reserve; and yet this
agent refused to accept the escorts, and repre-
sented that the troops were sent there to prevent
the Indians from gathering ill their property.
There is much in this correspondence to show
that the people of Texas have been exasperated
beyond endurance. There is much to show that
these Indians have been hostile, and that they
have carried on their acts of hostility in the way
known to the Indians, to wit: by private murder,
theft, and depredations upon the people of the
surrounding counties. The record is here, and
gentlemen can read it for themselves. I am aston-
ished—I am sure any one will be who reads it—
that a gentleman who measures his language as
carefully as my friend from New York [Mr. Olin]
should say that there is not a. scintilla of evidence
implicating the Indians of the reserves in any of
the atrocities which have been committed there.
His zeal, I think, has got the better of his pru-
dence.
-But, Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to be led
aside from the argument as to the necessity of
these troops by any immaterial issue. As to those
outrages, I do not defend them. I wash my hands.
of them. However much exasperated, the people
of the surrounding counties have been lawless and
violent. They have,done that which they ought
not to have done. But suppose that the statements
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Olin] arc
entirely true; that not a word of palliation can be
said for the people of Texas: what then ? The
Indians collected upon the reserve are the Shaw-
nces and Dclawaics. They have been removed
from the State of Texas. They were removed
nearly one year ago. The Indians who committed
the depredations,and who are now committing the
depredations, are the Camanches and Apaches—
the Camanches chiefly. They have always been
hostile. They arc the most warlike tribe on the
continent. They are brave, cunning, cruel, im-
placable. They are indefatigable and relentless; 1
and now the gentleman from New >ork gravely
tells us that, because some of the people of Texas
have treated cruelly the Delawares and Shawnecs
upon the reserve, you will not protect the frontier
from the Camanches and Apaches. He gravely
tells us, because two or three counties have sent
forth lawless men, who arcnotrcstrained either by I
their own consciences or by the authorities of
Texas, to commit these acts of violence upon the
Delawares and Shawnecs, that therefore you shall
withhold your protecting arm, and permit the
people of the whole frontier to be massacred by
the Indians who come down upon them from the
mountains of New Mexico.
Sir, I want no better proof of the fact that these
outrages have been carried to a very great ex-
tent, than the correspondence to which the gentle-
man has alluded—that very correspondence in
which the Indian agents denounce so bitterly the
people of those counties. You will find there
that the gravamen of the charge against these peo-
ple of Texas is this: that they forgot the obliga-
tionsofgratitude, and destroyed the Indians who,
last year and the year before, were their chief
allies in their war with the Camanches and Apa-
ches. The charge is, that they have brutally
treated their allies, friendly Indians, who were
faithful before, and would be faithful again, in
hostilities with the wild Indians. That implies
that the war with the Camanches is constant, un-
varying, and that it only differs this year from
the last year, and this year from the next, in the
intensity with which it is waged.
Mr. Chairman, the record is full, complete, that
war does exist—an Indian war of the bitterest
chaiactcr, and which hasforitsobject the destruc-
tion of the lives and the property of the people ot
the frontier of Texas. The Indians come down
upon the settlements, and carry off the wives and
. children, and property of the settlers; commit mur-
der and assassination wherever they can; and all
this, too, in the very sight of the forts of the
United States, and within gun-shot of the troops.
Yet, as I said before, the proposition is gravely
made, that because a few lawless men—I do not
admit the denunciations of the gentleman from
New York, to the extent to which'he applies them
to the people, to be just—have committed out-
rages upon a few Indians, therefore, the people of
the whole frontier shall be subjected to the attacks
of all the Indians. There might be retributive
justice in allowing these Shawnees and Dclawares
to attack the people who committed outrages upon
them, but it would be a monstrous abandonment
of duty on the part of the Government to allow
innocent and defenseless people to be assaulted
and murdered and robbed by other Indians.
Now one word in reference to these troops. Are
they the best that can be sent out upon this kind
of service? Are they fit for this sort of warfare?
The concurrent opinion, I believe, of all per-
sons informed upon the subject is, that they are;
that it requires good riders, expert marksmen;
men accustomed to border life; accustomed to trail
the Indian paths through the wilderness; meti
who, by the sun, the stars, and the natural form-
ation of trees, can find their way from point to
point. The force is now ready. A force of one
regiment can be had on twenty days'notice—time
enough to carry on a campaign this summer
against these Indians. All who understand the
habits of the Indians know, that at certain sea-
sons of the year they come down, secretly and
stealthily, from their fastnesses, and before their
presence is known, commit their depredations and
retire.
Now, the only way to meet them, is to carry
the war to their own firesides, and thus compel
them to retire from the white settlements, in or-
der to protect their wigwams and their squaws.
Peace with them can be secured in that way, and
in no other. The only time when forced marches
can be made is approaching, and the campaign
should commence soon, if you would carry the
war homo to them this year.
Mr. STANTON. What force would be ne-
cessary to do that?
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not propose to be
catechised by a gentleman whoscmilitary cxperi- f
cnce is so much grcaterthanmy own. 1 take the j
statements which I make from gentlemen much |
more familiar with these matters than I am. I i
have no doubt the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] can give the gentleman an answer which
will be very satisfactory to him.
Mr. CURTIS. I suppose there should be at
least one thousand men.
Mr. PENDLETON. That is one regiment.
Mr. CURTIS. Peihdjis two thousand people
would be better; and they would require, of
coarse, all the arms of the service-.
Mr. PENDLETON. The answer of the gen-
tleman from Iowa—and I take pleasure in saying
that, in my judgment, he is more experienced in
the necessities of our fiontier service, and in the
proper mode of answering those necessities than
any other gentleman in this House—I say the
answer of the gentleman from Iowa, I have no
doubt, is perfectly satisfactory to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Now, it is commonly leportcd here, and it has
been said frequently, if not m this debate, cer-
tainly at other times, that the object of getting
up this force is to get a set of mjm to exterminate
the Indians. That is unjust. I ao not think that
the history of our frontier wars, carried on by
volunteers, justifies that statement. The record
of those wars will show that these men, while
they will be elfectivc, while they will perform
their duty promptly with the skill and judgment
which frontier men possess, will not, with unne-
cessary cruelty, carry on the war. Gentlemen
need not expect to wage war without bloodshed.
They need not expect to send a force among the
Camanches and not kill any of them. The very
object is to punish them severely, so that they
will be afraid to repeat these enormities upon the
white men of the frontier.
But, Mr. Chairman, I find a necessity for in-
creasing the force in Texas, in the condition of
the Mexican frontier along the Rio Grande. We
have had varying accounts from that frontier for
the last two months.
Wc have had rumors that the war was ended,
and that Cortinas has departed. But, sir, he has
made his reappearance. He is again engaged in
acts of hostility towards the people of that front-
ier. No longer ago than yesterday, I saw an
account from that quarter as late as the 24th of
last month, showing that the rangers of Texas
had gone over into Mexico for the purpose of 1
capturing that robber; that when required to leave,
they refused upon the ground that they were just-
ified in pursuing him. He is upon the frontier;
he is protected in the towns by the Mexicans; he
passes from one town to another; and he cannot
be arrested and taken without violating the terri-
tory of that country. It is nothing to say that he
was born in Texas; that he is an outlaw, a felon,
indicted in Brownsville, and allowed to escape *
punishment for years, because of his political
influence. He finds refuge in Mexico, while ho
commits hostility against your citizens.
It is necessary that the authorities of Mexico
should punish him, or that we should visit upon
them the consequences of the unfriendly acts they
permit him to enact in their territory towards our
people. A war with Mexico is imminent, not
only because of the condition of that frontier, but
because of the acts of our Government in taking
possession of the steamers of Miramon. The feel-
ings at the capital will inspirit the people of these
frontier provinces. They will be led to resist an
attempt to arrest Cortinas, and to make an attack
upon our frontier. I ask gentlemen now, if they
are ready to repel it? If the troops are now there
to do so? If they have discharged their duty in
preparing protection for that frontier against the
results which will follow if this attack shall be
made? I >say you have nQt. And what will bo
the result? It has been foiesliadowed by Gen-
eral Houston. Under his convictions of duty as
Governor of Texas, he will raise a force of vol-
unteers to chastise the Indians or repel the attack
of Mexicans. He will do it. His character has
shown that he will do it. He will do it in mod-
eration. He will do it under such circumstances
of provocation as will make it his duty to do it.
What then ? Why, having done it according to
his discretion; having performed his duty as he
saw fit; having earned the war into Mexico, as
he thought it ought to be earned there, and
having carried the war into the Indian country,
as he thought it should be carried there, he will
come, within two years, and ask the Government
of the United States to pay the expenses. And
you will pay them. You will be bound to pay
them. It will be-obligatory upon this Govern-
ment to do so, according to the precedents. You
have always refunded to Territories and States
expenses incurred by them in protecting them-
selves against Indian hostilities.
I am in favor of putting this force at the dis-
posal^ the President at once. Pie will cxereise
the power, as he has shown he can, discreetly,
and in view of the necessities of the case, as
they arise. If it is not necessary to use them,
he will not do it. Two years ago you gave him
the same power, and he did not abuse it; and
he will not do so now. He was authorized to
call out this very force, yet he did not do it. It
was not then necessary. As i said before, 3 think
every consideration of economy requires that you
should take charge of the defenses of the frontier,
and not leave it to the Governor of Texas. Ho
will make whatexpenditures he may think proper.
When ] say that, I do so in the full belief that, if
General Houston is led into collision with Indians
or Mexicans, he will be forced into that position
by the necessity of protecting the people of his
State from their incursions. I prefer that the
Government of the United States should itself
carry on these defenses, and expend the money
for them, rather than foot the bill after the hos-
tilities shall have been suppressed, according to
his discretion.
Mr. BONHAM. I desire to make a remark,
which I omitted to make when I was up before.
The report made by the Committee on Military
Affairs does not place the bill in a correct po-
sition. The bill comes to us from the Senate,
with an amendment making an approbation for
this regiment. The report comes as an adverse
report. Now, it should rather be a favorable
report, because the motion must necessarily have
been in committee, Shall we non-concur in the
Senate amendment?" and, as the committee was
divided, that motion failed, and we therefore
ought, in reality, stand in the attitude of recom-
mending the Senate amendment. But, if there bo
any difficulty on that subject, I am authorized to
say by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bote-
ler,] a member of the Military Committee, who
was detained at home by sickness in his family,
that if lie had been present, he would have been
with those of us who are regarded as the minor-
ity, so that, m truth, the majority of the commit-
tee stood in the position of recommending concur-
rence in the Senate amendment.
