S<52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29^
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
Federal structure. It is even such a case as com-
pels attention, in a time when there is a thin Treas-
ury and when great economy is studied. I can
demand it with more emphasis, when I exhibit
what Ohio pays in the form of taxation to this
Federal Government. For this purpose, I clip
the following from the volume of Mr. Mansfield,
the Ohio official statistician. He says:
" In 1857, 1 estimated the whole amount of taxes paid by
the people of Ohio at §14,673,298. In the year 1S59, the
revenues collected by the General Government on imported
goods were about $50,000,000, of winch at least one tenth
were paid by the people of Ohio. The amount and distri-
bution of taxes paid in 1859 were:
For State purpo&es, including the interest on the public
debt and linking fund    $1,645,989
On school purposes  2,740,000
For local purposes of all kinds, (exclusive of
school-*)  5,669,011
Paid to the General Government by custom-
house duties  5,000,000
Paid by Ohio in 1859 $15,054,080
" The amount is but little more than for 1857, but would
have been greater had the United States Government re-
ceived tbe same amount from revenue duties. Assuming
the basis of $845,000,000 of property, (the new appraise-
ment only appearing in i860,) the aggregate of taxes paid
by the people of Ohio,in 1859, is one eighth percent. This
is a high ratio, hut is m no way dependent upon the State
authorities. One third is levied by the United States Gov-
ernment, in a way not to be seen or telr, and nearly one
half is raised by town and county authorities, for their own
local purposes."
Ohio then pays, according to Mr. Mansfield,
one tenth of the Federal expenses. If they amount
to $60,000,000, Ohio pays $6,000,000. Ohio has
not been backward in giving her means to her
sister States for all public improvements. One
third of all her taxes go into your Federal Treas-
ury. Where do they go? For light-houses, for
the coast improvements, for Indians, for postal
service, for the Army and Navy, &c. Very little
of it is expended in or for Ohio.
I ask, as a matter of simple justice, that her
capital receive this substantial consideration, and
that it be decorated by a structure at once useful
and beautiful.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OP HON. J. R. BARRET,
OF MISSOURI,
In the IIocse of Representatives,
May 29,1860.
The House having under consideration the Pacific rail-
road bill—
Mr. BARRET said:
Mr. Speaker : After the exhibition we have
had hero of differences between northern and
southern men in regard to the measure under con-
sideration^ I do hope that I will be cxcused if I
take up the subject in general, and attempt to
show tnat the Pacific railroad is a work of such
national importance that it rises far above mere
sectional interests. I hope I will be excused for
discussing it generally, even after the proposition
of the gentleman from New York, because of the
expressions from gentlemen of the North and
gentlemen of the South, manifesting a disposition
to view it as a sectional question.
Sir, when our thirteen colonies in their infancy
raised and ruled the storm of the Revolution,
and established our independence, our Govern-
ment then embraced within its extent two hun-
dred and sixty-one thousand seven hundred and
eighteen square miles of territory. The Appa-
lachain chain of mountains at that time formed
what was then supposed to be an insurmounta-
ble ban ier to western progress. Afterwards, when,
by the increase of population and the acquisition
of territory, wo extended our limits to that won-
derful stream, extending in its course from the ex-
treme north to the extreme south of a whole con-
tinent, it was thought that we had arrived at an
extremity; and the great "Father of Waters"
was then considered the extreme limit of civili-
zation and the uttermost bound foreven thegreat
West.
But our march was still onward, overleaping
every obstacle. The acquisition of Louisiana
was proposed. This Territory, immense in ex-
tent and wonderful in fertility, was acquired over
the most obstinate opposition. At this early day,
it was contended that our boundaries included
more territory than could be wisely governed or
safely defended. The tide of prosperity still
flowed on, and Territories were acquired and
States made, and our progress was still onward,
with a latitude unrestrained by human laws, and
with a longitude defying even the laws of nature.
Still westward the star of empire was borne, over
high mountains and deep valleys, overleapingall
obstacles, disregarding all barriers. And now
the great West, so lately limited to the Missis-
sippi valley, in its broad expanse has reached the
golden plains of California, and is confined only
by the resistless waves of the great ocean of
waters.
"No pent up Utica"confines our powers,
For the whole boundless continent is ours."
We have become an ocean-bound Republic, to
be measured in its extent only by the rising of
the sun and the going down of the .same. This
unparalleled progress, this vast extension of
territory and rapid accession of States, have ren-«
dcred the necessity absolute that some cohesive
power or influence should be established which
will unite more closely the newly extended limits
and varied interests, and augment the resources,
power, unity, and defenses of this magnificent
Republic.
If, when Louisiana was acquired, our safety
was considered doubtful because of extended lim-
its, in what condition are we now? Our frontier
was then exposed to the Indian on the West.
We have now the Indian in our midst, and a
frontier of hundreds of miles on the Pacific coast
exposed to all the nations of the earth. But be-
sides, our frontier men, the true representatives
of American progress and of American spirit;
the men who, by their enterprise, have, in spite
of all dangers, hardships, and privations, in-
creased and extended our usefulness—these peo-
ple, our brethren, ask for more intimate associa-
tion,forgreaterfacilities of communication. Their
accommodation is our only protection; and this
facility of communication which they ask, whilst
it affords them protection, brings safety to the
whole nation; and in adding to their comfort, we
increase our grandeur as a nation. The annihi-
lation of time and space between the great Mis-
sissippi valley and the Pacific ocean can accom-
plish all that they ask and all that we need. This
can be effected only by means of steam and mag-
netism—by the establishment of aiailroad and
telegraph. And the proposition that the General
Government $,haU in some manner provide for the
building of these two great lines is ribw before us
We all remember that when, for the first time,
a railroad to the Pacific was proposed, itwas con-
sidered a chimcra of the imagination. Yet in
1840, when Whitney proposed the extreme north-
ern route, eighteen States of this Union passed
resolutions favoring the project; and if my recol-
lection serves me, there were special committees
of both the Senate and House who reported unan-
imously in favor of that project. Since that time
every political party has incorporated in their
platform a resolution favoring a highway to the
Pacific ocean; and there is hardly a member of
this House, or of the Senate, who is not in a
great measure committed to this great measure.
It has been considered in all sections, and by all
parties, as simply a provision for the common
defense and general welfare of the nation. Thus,
as a peace measure and as a war measure it has
been considered national, and therefore constitu-
tional; a necessity, therefore expedient. If it be
true that the separation of dense populations by
physical bariiers may, from want of intercourse,
generate local and provincial sentiments and in-
terests, fixed prejudices, and even hostilities, then
we should not hesitate for a moment in complying
with the wishes of our western brethren. The
inhabitants of the Pacific slope are an independ-
ent and self-reliant people. They have a climate
and a soil which are unsurpassed by any in the
world, and they have wealth beyond computation.
They have a commerce which is sought for by all
nations. If left without proper protection, and
unaccommodated with the facilities of communi-
cation, the time may come, and we know not at
what moment, when that people may rise up in
their own supremacy, assert their own independ-
ence, and provide for their own defense and pro-
mote their own welfare.
But, strange as it may seem, to this peace and
war measure, recommended by all parties, in all
sections, there are many strenuous objections—ob-
jections to this route, objections to that route, ob-
jections to any route, to the whole project. Genius
and talent have never contrived a scheme or sug-
gested a measure, ho wever grand, ho wever useful,
to which there has not been found many objec-
tions. Many arc always found ready and willing
to tell us what cannot and what ought not to be
done. Unable to accomplish anything themselves,
they are willing to predict failure on the part of
others. These patriots claim great credit for fore-
sightand sagacity upon the unsuccessful resultof
any undertaking, however commendable.
Such lias been the rapidity of our advancement;
so wonderful have been the productions of in-
ventive genius; in such quick succession have
projects been presented and improvements made,
that the experience of the youngest man in this
House will furnish him with many instances in
which old fogyism has rendered itself absolutely
ridiculous in its objections to schemes of progress.
But afew years ago, when the proposition to run
a locomotive in England was made, it was ridi-
culed by thousands of the enlightened people of
that nation. It was thus referred to by the Lon-
don Quarterly Review:
u The gross exaggeration as to the power of the locomo-
tive may delude (or a tune, but must end in the complete
mortification of tho<e concerned. We should a>= soon ex-
pect the people to allow themselves to be fired upon by
Congreve's rockets as to tiust themselves to the mercy of
a machine running eighteen or twenty miles an houi
Mr. Wood, in his History of Railroads, says:
" Nothing can do more harm to the adoption of latlroads
than the promulgation of such nonsense as that we shall see
locomotives tiaveling at th« late of twelve, sixteen, eigh
teen, and twenty miles an hour."
Itwas reserved for a learned member of Parlia-
ment to distinguish himself with an objection to
the Liverpool and Manchester railroad still more
pointed. He said that he considered it very cer-
tain that the ears could not run more than three
and a half miles per hour, and could not, there-
fore, como into competition with the canal.
When Mr. Clinton, of New York, proposed
the Erie canal he was laughed at on every hand.
In the spirit of derision the question was asked:
"Where will the water come from to fill this
great ditch?" The answer was given in the same
spirit of derision: "You need have no fears on
tnat subject; the tears of the people will fill it."
When the Albany and Buffalo road was proposed,
it was objected to as useless, inasmuch as it was
to run side by side with the Erieranal a distance
of five hundred and fifty miles; yet such has been
its success in freight and passengers that it has
been found necessary to construct another par-
allelroad, of greater length, from Dunkirk to New
York.
It was in July, 1830, that the Liverpool and
Manchester—the first railroad in England—was
opened. In 1826 the first railroad charter was
granted in the United States; and that was for a
road from duincy to tide-water. In 1827 the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company was chartered.
In 3829 it was put in operation by horse power.
Only about thirty years have elapsed, and, in
spite of wise objectors, there are now in Europe,
the United States, Canada, India, and New South
Wales, over fifty-two thousand one hundred and *
thirty-six miles of railroad, costing §336,287,065.
If objections had obtained to projected improve-
ments,there would have been found now in Phil-
adelphia a man engaged, as was Benjamin Frank-
lin in 1743, advertising northern post to run
from Philadelphia to New York every fortnight in
the summer season."
The utility of this road is admitted, I believe.
There does not appear a man on the floor, repre-
senting any constituency, who does not admit the
utility of this Pacific railroad. But there are some
who, whilst they admit that this road will bind
the country together, greatly increase our com-
merce, facilitate our manufactures, develop our
agricultural interests, and generally promote social
intercourse and general welfare, furnish defense
and add power to the nation, pronounce the-un-
dertaking impracticable—an impossibility. The
Grand Trunk line in Canada, of eleven hundred
