786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
was up first, because X thought it was barely
necessary to suggest it—that every one's own
instinct would show him that it was, in its tfery
nature, low and offensive.
As to the whole subject of distributing public
documents, I have long thought we shouid revise,
our system, and adopt a new-one; something
which would answer the purpose" far better than
the one we have, and which would connect itself
with the printing also; for I think a very large
amount of the savin^to be anticipated must come
from the saving in the printing—not merely in the
transportation. I had occasion, recently, in some
inquiries in relation to the mode of distributing
documents in England, to compare it with ourown;
and I think theirs far better in that respect. There
the Parliament pay for the composition, for the
proof, forjthc stitching and binding, and then they
have a Printer—I think the present one is the grand-
son of him who first contracted for it—who prims
on his own account. He takes the risk. If a docu-
ment is printed and called for by a large number of
persons, it is his profit. If, on the other hand, a
large number of copies remain with him, he loses
by it.
To this is attached another and very great ad-
vantage, realized most by those who make most
use of old documents, that you can scarcely im-
agine one which you cannot go and buy; whereas
with us members, in hot haste to send something
to each one of their constituents at home, frank
off the most valuable books to persons who will
never read them; and when, m the course of time,
tliepublication attraetingnotice, some correspond-
ent, to whom the book would have been really val-
uable, writes to a member for it. he must go to
some one who has not squandered the documents
put in his possession, and ask him to give him one,
that he may send it to the correspondent who will
make a proper use of it. Our mode of distribu-
tion, I think, is vicious. It throws the documents
where they are not wan ted, and itcxhuusts the edi-
tion before many persons who would make a valua-
ble use ofthem have ascertained that they have been
published,and had an opportunity to ask for them.
So far as abolishing the franking'priviloge will re-
duce the printing, it will be again to the Treasury;
it will not be an entire gain to the country. If we
had large editions of all valuable books printed
upon the account of the Printer, and kept until they
were purchased by those who had need ofthem, I
think we should much better answer the public
purpose for which these documents are printed
than by the present system.
The Congressional Globe is made an excep-
tion to the postal regulations, so as to be free of
charge when sent through the mail, a privilege con-
ferred on the work; it is made an exception, as I
® take it, for the public reason that all bills, and the
debates upon bills, were deemed to be of that char-
acter of information winch should be disseminated
through the country. Jf they were transported by
)3ublic carriers of freight, the price winch would
be charged by an express, by a railroad, or by a
steamboat carrying them, per ton or per pound,
would require but very little to scatter them all over
the United States; but you make laws which pro-
hibit the public carriers from taking mailable mat-
ter; you then charge your own mails with it, make
contracts for transporting it, and, when you abol-
ish the franking privilege, you impose an expense
upon the individual who receives one of these pub-
lic documents, which will exceed the price that
any one can afford to pay.
I think the whole subject requires revision. I
have looked forward to that revision by the Post
Office Committee, and m the meantime, have de-
sired to seethe franking privilege abolished, ex-
cept in a little very unimportant particular which
was reserved by the committee; and then I be-
lieve the obstacle will be cleared away to the pro-
gs ess of a reform, in the wake of which will come
a law ill relation to the printing of all public matter,
di v iding it into those great documents which now
constitute the principal complaint, then those re-
ports winch are required for current use, and those
bills which the members require to be laid upon
their desks. By thus dividing the printing into
two or three classes, it may be done upon a system
far mure economical than any we have ever had
and answering more fully the g;%at public purpose
for which we have heretofore printed documents.
Mr. PJCE. A bill for that purpose is now
before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the proviso offered by the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr. HAMLIN. The objection which I have
to this amendment, is one which was suggested
the other day by my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] We may say what vfc please about
it, the country will regard it as a right to frank
on the other side of the Chamber, and the denial
of it to this side. You place your name on your
printed speech, for that is' precisely what I sup-
pose it means to cover, and it goes in packages in
any quantity to your small post offices all over the
country. 1 know of no law which provides for
disposing of those speeches if they are not called
for. The postmaster may therefore give tliem
away if he chooses. You have a class of'post-
masters in the country, all of whom concur with
the political party in power; and we may come to
the conclusion, I*think very justly, that to a very-
great extent such a provision would be abused.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me, just there, to ask him whether he sup-
poses, if the postage were U> be paid on a speech
before it started, or at the office of delivery, we
should continue to print the speeches here, and
send them through the mails; or, would it not re-
sult in printing them elsewhere, in each locality
by the local press ? If the Senator wanted to dis-
tribute through Maine a speech which he made in
the Senate, would he notsend asingle copy to some
printer in his State, there to be published for dis-
tribution among his constituents?
Mr. HAMLIN. If I understand the scope of
the Senator's remark, he is aiming at precisely
the same thing that I am.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope so; but the criticism of
the Senator induced me to show to him that it
could not result in accumulating in post offices
elsewhere, speeches sent from Washington; be-
cause 1 could not imagine that, under such cir-
cumstances, any one would print a speech here
to distribute it, either by prepayment or requiring
the constituent to pay for it at the place of de-
livery.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think otherwise. I think,
if the simple writing of the name of a Senator oil
; a speech would allow it to go free, 01 subject llie
| person who received it to pay postage on its rc-
I ceipt, larffe quantities would go off.
j Mr. POWELL. If the Senator from Maine
j will allow me to do so, I desire, with the pcrmis-
: sion of the Senate, to withdraw the proviso.
1 ["Agreed!"']
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the Senator to withdraw his amendment. 1
j The proviso being withdrawn, the question now
j is on the additional section proposed by the Sen- ;
J ator from Kentucky, as an amendment to the j
| original bill:
I ~1nd he it further cnactcl, Tlmt this act shall take effect \
troin and after tile 13tli ot April next. I
Mr. COtXAMER. I wish to suggest to the ■
gentleman that the natural time of entering: on i
mattery of this kind would be at the end of the ]
quarter. Would it not be advisable to fix the time '
at the 30th of June—the end of the quarter ? i
Mr. POWELL. I fixed the 15th of April to i
meet the objection of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale;] so as to lake effect before either
of the national conventions meets.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no farther
amendment be proposed to the original bill, or, in i
other words, to the matter proposed to be stricken !
out, the question is on the amendment of the Son- ;
ator from Wisconsin to the substitute of the Com- '
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
Mr. DOOLiTTLE. For myself, Mr. Presi- '
dent, I confess that I am very radical m my opin- i
ions on the whole subject of the Post Office De- I
partment. I am inclined to the opinion that, if,
the whole Department were abolished, and ali the
patronage and power that is exercised by the Fed-
eral Government growing out of that Department
were entirely done away with, it would boa bless- :
ing to the country. On" this subject of the frank- j
ins: privilege, 1 would regard it as a relief from '
a burden if it were entirely abolished; but 1 will '
state, m a single word, that while, for one, I was I
willing to go for the abolition of the franking pri v- j
ilegc, and for its abolition entirely, I do not be- 1
Ueve, from what I have learned of the previous |
j legislation of this country between the two I-Ioiusew
!! on this subject, thatit is a thing which is attain-
|| able at the present time; and therefore I go, 1-y
this amendment, for the abolition of that poru.m
of the franking privilege which creates the great' '&t
abuses—the abolition of the franking privilege on
the documents which do encumber the mails. If
they continue to be franked, there is the tempta-
tion to a certain extent to print documents that
they may be franked all over the country. The
franking of mailable matter below two ounces is
a very small item in the carrying of the mails.
On this matter of the franking of speeches of
members of Congress, I can only speak fiom my
own experience when a youth. I know that
twenty or twenty-five years ago it was the means
of the education of the young men of the country
m political matters and political knowledge. I
know that, forsjnyself, I felt instructed by the
speeches which! received from members of Con-
gress on political affairs; and while I do not assume
that the Congress of the United States are at all
the instructors of the people in political matters;
while we are their agents, and are to obey their
instructions, yet, to a certain extent, this is a means
of the education of the young men of the country
on political subjects. A presidential election is
now coming off*. Upon both sides speeches are
being circulated, or are about to be, as a means of
information to the people of the country, bearing
on the presidential election. There is no disguis-
ing this fact. We may just as well speak right
out as to have any concealments. We all know
this is the truth. On both sides of the Chamber
interest is felt m this very matter; and it isnotwe
alone who feel the interest; it is the people through-
out the country who are feeling that interest; and
every member of Congress is receiving, I doubt
not, letters, perhaps by the dozen every day, ask-
,1 inghim to frai^Jt the speech of some member upon
:j a given subject. When these speeches are pub-
ii lishtd in this form, they are published in a form
|| for preservation or for use.
| I shall vote for this bill though my amendment
I be rejected; but I believe that it is going as far as
j j we can go with the expectation of success to abol-
,j ish (he franking privilege as to those documents
!j in regard to which this privilege is most abused;
ji and therefore I propose to go forthisamendment.
! However, sir, I shall not very strenuously urge
it upon the consideration of the Senate. I simply
:, submit it as my view of what is the most that will
if be likely to be attained.
jj The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
ji is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment repoited by the
;■ Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
|t Mr. MALLORY. I should like to hear it.
^ What is it?
;; The Secretary read it, as follows:
II _ Jlndprovided further, Thai the Ptesident and We Pres-
; identof the United State-, each of the l;ead-  of Depnt-
ti meat.-, eacl(i member or' tiic Senate, each member oi the
ji Ilou-e of Representative?, and each Delegate fiom a Ter-
; ritory of the United States may, duunfTcaeh s-ej-Mon oi
i; Concrete, and lor n period ot thiity da\s before the com-
j j mencement, and thirty days atter the end", of caehandevety
j' session of Congress,send andreoeiv? through the mail iri/e
of postage .in} letter, new? paper, or packet, containing inail-
rdiJe matter, not exceeding two ounce* in weight.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. GWIN. 1 think the first section of the
original bill is so amended as to cever the whole
ground of the substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I have
no power to withdraw that, but I think it may,
perhaps, as well bo rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on striking out the whole of the original bill
, as perfected, and inserting what the committee
icport as an amendment.
I Mr. HAjVILI-N. There is adiffe renee betwf en
■ the first section of the bill as it now stands, and
! the substitute of the committee. The fu,>t ^ <•-
j tion of the substitute gives the frankmg p:iw!> ^e
j to certain persons. I move to strike that out
j Mr. PUGH. Let us vote H down.
! HAMLIN. I move to strike out tin- pro-
viso in the substitute of the comnuuee, in tueM.'
words:
Provided, That this act s-juiil*not applj (o an\ p'l-onor
person* to whom the franking puviicge nun'have been
granted by name.
