3M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
is beyond the power of individuals. No private
authority could extinguish the titles of the Indi-
ans; no private means could pay for the work.
Where shall we locate this great highway is a
Question of greater importance, and of greater
ifficulty. In fact, it is the only one whichseems
to give rise to debate at this time.
Many routes have been surveyed and recom-
mended, and already a scctional difference has
grown up between the .North and South in regard
to the one that shall be selected. This is the best
reason in the world why u central route should
be selected. A national work, for the general
welfare, should be built for the whole Union; it
should be for the North, for the South, for the
East, and for the West; it should be for a whole
nation, and not for a section—for the whole peo-
ple, and not for a party. If by such a route it
should happen that Kansas, Missouri, Illinois,
Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and other great
States are favored particularly by Heaven, not
only in their climate and in their soil, but in
their geographical positions—in their central posi-
tions, it does not become Texas or Maine, Louis-
iana or Massachusetts, to complain. The very
fact of a contention between North and South as
to the location of this route shows clearly the
necessity for its being central if possible.
But, in my opinion, Congress should fix only
the termini, and leave the location of the route to
those who are invited to undertake the building
of the road. Surely, those having their money
invested, and most interested in the work, could
be safely trusted with the location.
The idea of a Congress of the United States,
composed mostly of lawyers, farmers, and doc-
tors, attempting, at the national capital, thousands
of miles from the field of operations, to locate a
route foe a railroad eighteen hundred miles in
length, through desert plains and rocky mount-
ains, is simply absurd.
The course of a national highway, made by
and for the North, South, East,and West,should
be directed by the compass, the chain, and the
level, and not by sectional politics. I am opposed
to congressional engineering and congressional
steamboat building.
But the other day a bill was passed by this
House prescribing the materials out of which
vessels propelled by steam should be built, and
the manner in which they should be constructed,
and their machinery adjusted. The fact that the
only two practical men m the House—one an en-
gine builder all his life, and the other practically
acquainted with ship-building in all its depart-
ments—voted against the bill, is a striking com-
mentary upon such legislation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask what member of this Con-
gress is competent to locate the route of this great
highway, even by actual sur\ey and observation,
for himself? The chaii man of the committee—the
distingished gentleman from Iowa—is a practical
engineer, and could select the proper route for this
road by an actual survey. How, then, can we,-
who are not surveyors, locate the route without
any survey at all? It is true, that surveys North,
South, and central, have been made. As to each
route, we have conflicting reports. Our object
should be to select the shortest and most practi-
cal route, and one which would most generally
subserve the interests of the whole nation, and one
on which we could secure the accomplishment of
the work. I, for one, have not the necessary in-
formation or practical knowledge. I am there-
fore unwilling to attcmptany intermediate location.
I believe the best interests of the country demand
a central route; and, from the best lights that we
have, that is the most practical; yet,in ruy humble
judgment, this Congress should fix on the termini,
and leave the location of the road between them
to the compass, chain, and level.
This subject has been referred to a select com-
mittee composed of able Representatives from all
sections of the country. The fact that they have
been unable to a^rec upon any one route, and
have recommended to us as many as four, clearly
demonstrates the position which I have assumed,
that Congress, though it may be made up of the
assembled wisdom of the nation, is not a proper
engineer for the location of a laihoad.
The transfer of the subject from that committee,
who have given it special consideration, to the
whole House, for general discussion, cannot se-
cure any wiser result, if location is to be made.
This bill of the majority of the committee, now
before us, provides that the road shall commence
at two eastern points: one on the western bound-
ary of Missouri, and the other on the western
boundary of Iowa; and that roads from these two
points shall connect within two hundred miles,
and thence run by way of Salt Lake to the city
of San Francisco on the Pacific coast.
My amendment proposes to fix the two termini
only,leaving the intermediate route of one grand
trunk railway to be located on Che shortest and
most practicable line. The Mississippi valley is
now connected with the Atlantic ocean. This
bill proposes to connect it with the Pacific ocean.
In all the bills San Francisco is the western term-
inus. It seems to be conceeded by all that the
geographical position of San Francisco recom-
mends it as the point on the Pacific coast at which
this road should terminate. In the words of the
distinguished Senator from Illinois :
" San Francisco being central, the system would not be
complete until it should roach that point on the west. San
Fiancisco is not only central, but the great commercial
mait, the great concentrating point, the great entrepot for
the commerce of the Pacific, not only in the present, but
in thtj future."
There is a point in the Mississippi valley just
as clearly indicated as the terminus on the east.
To find it, we have only to look at the geography
of the country. [Here the Speaker's hammer an-
nounced that JVh\Barret's time was out. Cries
of " Go on!" <{Go on!"] I am aware, Mr.
Speaker, that my time is exhausted; and although
I have detained the House much longer than I
intended, I still hope that attention will be given
me whilst I attempt to point out the eastern term-
inus of this road. The Mississippi valley is
bounded on the north by the British possessions
and the great lakes; on the east, by the Alleghany
mountains; on the south, by the Gulf of Mexico;
and on the west, by the Rocky Mountains. It
contains one million two hundred thousand square
miles. If as densely populated as England, it is
capable of supportmgfi ve hundred million people,
more than one half of the population of the whole
globe. It is accommodated by two great rivers,
extending, with their tributaries, a distance of
twenty thousand miles, running from the north
to the south through eighteen degrees of latitude,
and washing in their courses thirteen States five
times larger in population than the original thir-
teen colonies. The extent and importance of this
great \ alley seems to be very little understood
east of the Alleghanies. Missouri, the central
State in the valley, may be considered a fair rep-
resentative whereby to illustrate this great central
region of the Republic. That State (and of her I
can speak knowingly, as one of her Represent-
atives) contains sixty-seven thousand three hun-
dred and eighty square miles, forty-three million
one hundred and twenty-three thousand two hun-
dred acres of land. If populated as densely as
Massachusetts, Missouri would contain ten mil-
lion people.
In this State there arc between seventeen and
eighteen million acres of mineral lands; and the
mineral is as nch and as varied as is to be found
in the world. The area of the mineral lands is
larger than the States of Rhode Island, Connecti-
cut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Dela-
ware, put together.
The area of the Hartz Mountains is only three
hundred thousand acrcs, yet it contains a popu-
lation of sixty thousand inhabitants Erzge-
burgh, of Saxony, embraces one million live hun-
dred thousand acres, and has a population of five
hundred thousand. In Cornwall, in England,
| there arc seven hundied and sixty-one thousand
, acres, with a population of three hundred thou-
i sand. Thus populated, even the mineral region
l of the State of Missouri would contain six million
i people.
j But, Mr. Speaker, this Mississippi valley con-
; stitu tes a well-defined geographical division of the
' Union. It is the center; and it possesses more
real wealth and greatness than any other portion
of the globe of the same extent. It embraces
within its bounds the extreme North and the ex-
treme South. The products of the warmer differ
from the products of the colder climate. The
comfort of the inhabitants of each depends upon
the productions of the other. The products of
the one will, therefore, seek a market in the other,
and vice versa. The center must be the place of
meeting and exchange between them. Hence'
the currents of commerce between the north and
the south of this great valley will be from the
north and from the south to the center; and then
outward from the center to the north and to the
south. Such is the course of trade which has been
fixed by the laws of nature for; this valley.
But again: if you will observe the map of our
country, you will discover that all the railroads
of the East arc converging to a common center.
There is not a railroad system of any town, city,
or State, considered complete, until it has a branch
connecting with the Mississippi river; yea, con-
necting with the center of the Mississippi valley.
The same physical geography, the same cur-
rents of commerce, which have caused the trade
of the north and of the south of the valley to
meet at its center, and induced a convergence of
all railroads from the East, must establish a com-
mon point from which a divergence will be made
towards the West.
With all the roads thus converging and diverg-
ing, this great center, the place of meeting and ex-
change between the Noith and the South, must
necessarily become an exchange place between
the East and the West.
We have, then, a point fixed by geographical
position, by the course of trade, as the center of
the Mississippi valley, as the center of commerce
and of internal improvements for the North, for
the South, for the East, and for the West, as the
center of the Union; and that point is the city of
St. Louis.
By the strength of natural position, she has
already a population of one hundred and ninety
thousand inhabitants, and her "trade and com-
merce consistcth of all nations."
If the central Pacific railroad would not be
complete until it should reach San Francisco, "the
great commercial mart, the great concentrating
point, the great entrepot for the commerce of the
Pacific," surely it would not be well begun if it
did not commence at the great commercial mart,
the groat concentrating and distributing point of
I the Mississippi \allcy, the great central emporium
■ of th£ nation.
Rut there are other considerations connected
with this great enterprise, to which I beg leave to
call attention.
We are told that the power, magnitude, and
resources of a nation, consist in four things—
population, capital, communication, and natural
productions or elements. We have the natural
pioductions and elements; facilities of communi-
i cation alone can develop them; population and
capital will follow their development, as the natural
result.
Extended over our vast domain we have the raw
material of value incalculable, and in abundance
beyond measure. Communication will concen-
trate it, and the hand of industry will apply it to
our advantage. This raw material is money's
value; communication will convert it into avail-
able active capital. Yes, we have all the elements
of greatness, but we can be great only in their
development. The wealth of England followed
j the development of her resources. From her in-
! sulated position, commerce was evidently her
| vocation. Possessing mines, she invited manu-
; facturcs. Hand in hand have her commerce and
| her manufactures progressed,until "hersailsare
I on every sea, her possessions encircle the globe,
! and she has but to reach forth her hand to shake
| every bearing tree, and draw into her lap the
first, ripest, and richest fruits of every clime."
The measure proposed and now under consid-
eration will develop our resources; will bind to-
gether and protect our people; will increase our
commerce, facilitate our manufactures, and add
to the wealth and power of our common country.
It is for the benefit of all, and can only be accom-
plished by the exertions of all.
Then let scctional strife between the States sub-
side into a united effort for national progress, na-
tional defense, and national welfare, and we may
oncc more see them cemented into one social,
fiiendly community; the same in interest, the
same in sentiment, growing with each other's
