2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Craig, indicted before the district court of the
United States for the northern district of Missis-
sippi, under the appointment of Judge Gholson,
on a charge of robbing the United States mail.
The bill was reported td the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
0. 3. LANMAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 340} for the relief of Charles
James Lanman was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to direct the payment
to Charles James Lanman of $2,578 81, in full for
his services and expenses while acting as receiver
of theUnited States Land Office atMonroe, Michi-
gan, from 1823 to 1831.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case? It
goes back a great way, and 1 should like to hear
the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will ask that the report be read, as set-
ting forth the whole merits of the case, the report
having been made by the present occupantof the
chair.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the petitioner claims compensation
for transportation of public money to a safe place
of deposit, and for office rent and clerk hire while
he was receiver at Monroe, Michigan, from 1823
to 1831. Had the transportation of the money
been ordered by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the claim could have been audited and discharged
at the time. It appears that the service was neces-
sary; that the Secretary wa3 so apprised, and that
it was performed, therefore, with iiis implied up-
£roval or assent. An allowance was made to Mr.
lanman's successor for the same service, and
Lanman is clearly entitled to the same rate of com-
mission at least, for a service more arduous, and
even dangerous. The committee reject the gen-
eral claim for " clerk service," and allow only for
extra service, and have audited the claim accord-
ing to the regulations of the Treasury Depart-
ment under the laws existing at the time of Lan-
man's service; according, also, to the allowance
made to Lanman's successor,and consistent with
the net of August 18, 1856, which provides that
similar allowances may now be made, subject to
the approval of Congress "for additional clerical
services-and exiraoi dinary expenses." The sum
allowed is reasonable, and the only objection
made by any member of the committee is, that it
is not sufficiently large.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SYLVESTER DAY.
The bill (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Sylvester Day, late a sur-
geon in the United States Army, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the payment to the legal representatives of the
late Sylvester Day, of $426 in reimbursement of
that sum paid for medical services at Alleghany
arsenal.-
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, l ead the third time, and passed.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
The bill (II. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ment, considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that all contracts made by
the duly authorized officers of the Government,
appointed under the act of Thirty-Second Con-
gress making an appropriation of §50,000 for the
improvement of ihe lennessee river, shall be
audited by the accounting officers of the Treasury,
and paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 believe I once before
objected to this bill. It seems to me to be a very
loose manner of legislating, to provide that all
contracts made by the duly authorized officers of
the Government appointed under the act of a par-
ticular Congress, shall be audited by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, and the amount paid
cut of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. We do not know the extent to
which these officers may have made contracts
for the improvement of the Tennessee river, and
no w we are to pass a bill directing the auditing
and payment of all claims arising under contracts
which they may have made. It seems to me that
it is a very loose way of doing business. We do
not know what contracts they have made, We
do not know the amount appropriated by this bill.
There is no limit to it. If they were legitimate
contracts which they were authorized to make
under the appropriation for the improvement of
the river, why was not the money paid without
coming to Congress? I call attention to it. It
seems to me the bill, in its present shape, ought
not to pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask that the
letter of Colonel Abert be read, which I send to
the Chair. The amount to be appropriated is
only a small sum, and it is perfectly just.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Bukeau ok Topographical Engineers,
Washington, January 26, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge your direction to
report upon a communication ftom the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce of the House of Representatives,
of the 19th4nstant, submitting for information and opinion
"A bill to liquidate unadjusted contracts of the Tennessee
river improvement."
The unadjusted contracts or accounts for services, &e.,
on account of the improvement of the Tennessee liver,
with the correspondence in relation to them, are on file in
the office of the Third Auditor, and it is respectfully sug-
gested that the claims should be liquidated by the account-
ing olficers, as provided in the bill.
-Respectfully, sir. your obedient servant,
J. J. ABERT,
Colonel Topographical Engineers,
Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. I think some limit should
be put to this bill. It ought to be amended by
imposing some restriction. I do not know what
the amount of those claims is. If not more than
$5,000,why noi put in a provision thattheamount
paid shall not excecd $5,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not think
it does exceed $5,000.
Mr. IVERSON. I can make an explanation
which will be satisfactory, I presume. When
the objection was presented to this bill the other
day when it was up for consideration, and it was
laid over, I addressed a letter to the Secretary of
War, asking him to send me a copy of the ac-
counts filed in the Department, and for the pay-
ment of which this bill provides. I have not yet
received a response; and not understanding the
delay, I sent the clerk of the committee yesterday
to ascertain what had become of my letter. He
told me that the Department had an answer in
preparation for me, but that he himself looked at
the accounts as filed in the topographical bureau,
and that the amount is about two thousand dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why not insertt( not
to exceed ^,000?" I think that would be the
safer course.
Mr. IVERSON. This is only for three engi-
neers, who were employed, and were not paid m
consequence of the lund which was appropriated
giving out. It is only to settle the account of
three individuals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the amount is said to
be about two thousand dollars, why not insert
the woids " not exceeding $3,000?" That will
cover everything.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If any amend-
ment be made to the bill now, it will result in its
loss. I know the facts of the case. The amount
to be paid cannot exceed $5,000; I do not tlunk
it will exceed $2,000; but if this amendment be
put on, the bill will be lost. The accounts are m
the Department, and cannot be changed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill will not be lost;
the House will concur in the amendments of the
Senate to these bills. They can all be taken up
m the House. There can be no trouble about
that.
Mr. IVERSON. I think it is scarcely worth
while to make the amendment, and risk the pas-
sage of the bill in the House of Representatives.
I can assure the Senator from Illinois that i have
reliable information about the amount. The clerk
of the Committee on Claims, who is a very ob-
servant man, went to the Department and looked
himself at the accounts, as he told me this morn-
ing, and the amount was about three thousand
dollars. It is hardly necessary, however, to clog
the bill with this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
In'EW MEXICAN LAND CLAIMS.
The bill (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain
private land claims ui the Territory of New Mex-
ico was considered asm Committee of the Whole.
The Senate Committee on Private Land Claims
proposed an amendment, in the nature of a sub-
stitute, to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert in lieu thereof:
That the private land claims in the Territory of New
Mexico, as leeotnmended lor continuation by the surveyor
geneial of that Territoiy, and, in his letter to the Commis-
sioner of the General Laud Olbce of the 12th January, 1858,
designated as Nos. 1, 3, 4,6, 8,9,10, 12,14,15,1(5,17, and
18, and the claim ot E. W. Eaton not entered on the cor-
rected list ot numbers, but standing on the^nglnal dockct
and abstract returns ot the surveyor general as No. 16, be,
and they are hcieby, confirmed: Provided, That the claim
No. 9, in the name of John Scolly and others, shall not be
confirmed lor more than live square leagues ; and that the
claim No. 17, in the name of Cornelio Vigil and CerauSt.
Vrain, shall not be confirmed lor more than eleven square
leagues to each of said claimants.
Sec. 2. And be itJurthcr enacted, That in surveying the
claim of said John Scoliy, it shall be lavviul for him to lo-
cate the five square leagues confirmed to him in a squaie
body in any putt of the traetof uvoniy-live tquare leagues
claimed by hirn; and that in surveying the claim of said
Cornelio Vigil and Cteran St. Viam, the location shall be
made as follows, namely: the sui vey shall be first made ot ail
ttaets occupied by actual settleis holding possession under
titles or pei missions to settle, which have heretofore been
given by said Vigil and St. Vram, in the tracts chimed by
them ; and after deducting the area of all such tracts trom
the area embiaccd in twenty-two square leagues, the re-
mainder shall be located m two equal nacts each,ot square
torm, in any part of the tiact claimed by said Vigil and
Vram selected by them ; and it shall be the duty ot' the sur-
veyor geneial oi New Mexico immediately to pioceed to
make the surveys, and locations authorized and required by
the terms ot tins section.
yec. 3. Jlnd be itjuithcr enacted, That the private land
claim-* in the Territory of New Mexico, as recommended
for confirmation by said surveyor general in his repoits
and abstract marked Exhibit A, as communicated to Con-
gie>-s by the Secretary of the Intcuor in his letter dated the
yd of Febiuary, 1860, and nuiubeied trom twenty to thirty-
eight, both inclusive, b~*, and the same are heieby, con-
tinued, with the exception of the claim numbered twenty-
six, in the name ot Juan 11. Vigil, which claim, numbered
twenty-six, is not continued.
Bee. 4. *dnd be it furiher enacted, That the foregoing
continuations shall only be constiued as quit-claims or re-
linquishments on the part of the United States, and shall
not affect the adverse rights ot any other person or persons
whomsoever.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That it shall and may
be lawful for the said Juan B. Vigil, or any person claim-
ing title under him, to institute suit agam&t the Unncd
States for the lauds claimed and embraced in said claim
numbered twenty-six, notconlirmed underthe provisions of
the second section ot this act; said suit to be instituted m
the supreme couit of the Terntoiy of New Mexico, to be
defended by the district attorney of the United States for
said Territory, under the direction of the Attorney General
ot the Umred States, with the ti^iit of appeal to either
party from the deci&ion oi said s-uprenie court to the Su-
preme Couit of the United States, if such appeal be asked
tor within one year from the lendition ot tne judgment in
said supreme couit of the Terutory of New Mexico, and
not thereafter: Provided, Tnat n ihe suit authonzed by
this section be not instituted within two years Irom the
passage of this act, the said claimants shall be presumed
to have abandoned all light or title to the lands embraced
in said claim numbered twenty-six, and said lands shall
theucelorth be held and deemed to be public lands belong-
ing to the United States: Jlnd provided further, That in the
determination of the suit authorized to be instituted by the
terms of this section, the couits shall be governed by the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the law of nations, the laws,
usages, and customs of tne Government lrom which the
claim is derived, the principles ot equity, and the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court ot the United States, so lar as
they are applicable.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That it shall be lawful
for the hens of Luis Maria Baca, who make claim to the
same uact of land as is claimed by the townot Las Begas,
to select, instead ot the land claimed by them, an equal
quantity of vacant land, not mineral, in the Territory of
New*Mexieo, to be located by them in square bodies, not
exceeding live in number. And it shall be the duty ot the
suiveyor geneial ot New Mexico to make survey and loca-
tion oftho lands so selected by said heirs of Baca when
thereunto required by them : Provided, however, That the
right hereby gt anted to said heirs of Baca shall continue m
foicc dunng three years from the passage of this act, and
no longer.
Mr. POLK. It is due to Cornelio Vigil and
Ceran St. Vrain that I should say that they are
not satisfied with the amendment that is offered
by the Committee on Private Land Claims. They
think that they ought to have more land under
the title papers under which they claim than the
Committee on Private Land Claims were willing
to allow them; but they, of couise, do not object
to taking a confirmation to the extent to which
this act goes. But they think that justice has not
been done them; and they do not wish, by this
act, to be precluded from asking- from Congress
the full amount that they claim was granted by
the Mexican Government before the conquest of
New Mexico.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a clcrical error in
the sixth line of the fifth section. The word " sec-
ond" is used, instead of" third." It should be:
" not confirmed under the provisions of the third
section of this act."
