1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
year after her annexation, her creditors came to
this Government and asked to be paid the debts
due them from Texas, upon the ground that the
annexation of Texas took away her sovereignty,
and that her revenues were pledged to the Gen-
eral Government; and we paid them. I remem-
ber, too, that $6,000,000 were afterwards paid by
the Government to discharge the debts of Texas.
The CHAIRMAN. The time when general
debate on this bill was to close has arrived.
Mr. OTERO. I was desirous, before the gen-
eral debate upon this bill was closed 
Mr. STANTON. I believe I am entitled to
the floor to close this debate.
Mr. OTERO. I ask the permission of the com-
mittee to make a few remarks upon the bill. At
the time tins bill with the amendments came back j
from the Senate, I introduced a bill, and had it i
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can pro- i
ceed only by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON. How much time docs the
gentleman desire ?
Mr. OTERO. Ten or fifteen minutes. I have
not occupied the attention of the House at all
during this session, iAd I hope the committee will
hear me. ]
Mr. BONIiAM. I hope the committee will i
allow the gentleman to proceed. He is deeply <
interested m this matter. j
• The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would an- |
nounce that general debate has been closed by the i
House, and, in the opinion of the Chair, it is not j
competent for the committee to extend it. But \
the Chair is not tenacious upon this subject. I
Mr. STANTON. I will, with the consent of j
the committee, yield the gentleman from New j
Mexico fifteen minutes of my time. I
Mr. OTERO thereupon addressed the commit- j
tee in support of ■the amendment. [His speech !
will be published in the Appendix.] j
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from New j
Mexico will, of course, have the opportunity of J
addressing the House when we come to consider 1
territorial business. I promised to give the gen- |
tleman fifteen or twenty minutes of my time. I
believe he has now taken twenty; and'I shall be j
obliged, therefore, to resume the floor. |
the CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to ,
the gentleman from Ohio that the time allotted to !
the gentleman from New Mexico has not yet ex- ,
pired.
Mr. OTERO. If the gentleman will not yield
me more of his time, I shall ask the "House to ;
allow me to print the remainder of my remarks. '
Several Members. No objection to that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I think there will
be no difficulty in allown g the gentleman from I
New Mexico to finish his remarks without inter- 1
fermg with the time allotted for the gentleman '
from Ohio. I, for one, who have doubts about
this bill, should like to hear fiom gentlemen who |
have a perfect cognizance from personal expe-
rience of the affairs they are speaking about. t;
Mr. OTERO. 1 desire just to add one word, jj
The point to which I am addressing myself is, (|
that the Government shall allow the citizens to i!
protect themselves against the Indians, because of ,
the effect it will have upon the Indians, in teach- ;
ing them to respect, thereafter, the persons who ;
chastised them. l
Mr. STANTON. The House is evidently i
getting impatient ill regard to the protraction of j
this debate; and I do not think the gentleman from
New Mexico ought to ask me to yield any further t
pottiou of my time. 1
The CHAIRMAN. Tho fifteen minutes al- ,
lowed the gentleman from New Mexico have now (
expired. j
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I make this proposition: ,
that by unanimous consent the gentleman from
New Mexico be allowed to finish his remarks, |
withoutinterfering with the gentleman from Ohio.
Til-: Oil A! it MAN. The Chair will announce ;
to the gentlemen of the committee, that by the
order of the House general debate ceased upon
this bill at twenty minutes before two o'clock.
By a rule of the House the gentleman who re-
ported the bill was entitled to one hour to close ,
the debate. With the consent of the committee,
fifteen minutes of that time was granted to the
gentleman from New Mexico- The Chair does
not believe it competent for the committee to ex-
tend the time of debate beyond the order of the
House. He would feel gratified to extend it if it
were in his power; but he considers himself bound
by the rules, and therefore decides that the time
of the gentleman from Ohio cannot be extended,
even by the consent of the committee. -
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Of course, if the unan-
imous consent of the committee is given, it will
make no difference.
The CHAIRMAN. Very well. The Chair
will not arrest the gentleman in his remarks if no
member of the committee objects, although such
a course would be irregular.
Mr. SCHWARTZ. I object.
Mr. STANTON. The discussion which has
taken place upon this question, ought to satisfy
every gentleman that it is a subject of consider-
able magnitude, and one which ought to be de-
cided upon very careful deliberation. I have en-
deavored, as a member of the Military Committee
having this subject in charge, to give it a fair, and,
as I believe, impartial consideration, looking to it
as a question affecting not merely the frontier of
Texas, but as one which may also affect the front-
iers of New Mexico and California, and all the
other frontiers.
Now, Mr. Chairman, gentlemen will see at once,
from the few remarks made by the gentleman from
New Mexico, that the necessity of an additional
regiment for that frontier is as great, as pressing,
and quite as urgent, as for a regiment upon the
frontier of Texas. I say, therefore, to gentlemen
of the House, if you are to embark in the policy
of authorizing volunteer regiments for the protec-
tion of whatever frontier maybe exposed, you
cannot stop with furnishing such protection for
Texas; but whore ail equal necessity exists, you
must furnish the same remedy; and it will be very
desirable for gentlemen, before voting upon this
question, to look well to the policy which they
are now inaugurating.
Is it the intention of the House to call upon the
country to furnish volunteer regiments, made up
of border settlers, upon whatever frontier may be
exposed to the depredations of Indians, on the
ground that the settlers on each frontier are better
qualified to protect themselves, and will, of neces-
sity, be more efficient protectors of their own
homes than troops coming from elsewhere ? That
is the philosophy which is relied upon now, and
on which we are asked to vote Texas a regiment
for the protection of her frontier. I repeat, that
if it is sound logic when applied to the frontier
of Texas, it is equally sound logic when applied
to the frontiers of New Mexico, California, Ore-
gon, Washington, and Utah; and the House must
come, therefore, to a consideration of the whole
question of what is the proper policy or system
to be adopted foi protection against Indian hostil-
ities. It will not do to take so narrow a view of
it as to regard it as simply a question only aft'ect-
' ing this particular frontier in this particular emer-
gency.
The emergency has existed for years past. It
will probably exist- there and elsewhere for years
to come. If the principle be applied here, it will
be urged hereafter as a precedent tor a renewal
of similar applications whenever similar oppor-
tunities arrive.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee, for a very few moments,
to what I understand really to be the nature of
this difficulty. It is not controverted at all, as I
understand,"from any quarter, that there is a de-
plorable condition of tilings upon the Texas bor-
der. It is not denied that the Texas people arc
exposed to Indian depredations, robberies, and
murders; and it cannot be successfully denied that
the peaceable Indians upon the borders are equally
exposed to inroads and depredations from lawless
white men. Whether it is denied or not, I be-
lieve it to be the fact.
Mr. CURTIS here gesticulated towards Mr.
Staston, but his remarks were inaudible.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must address
: the Chair. Gentlemen go into the main aisle to-
\ wards the door, and what they say not a soul can
■ hear. .
Mr. STANTON. It need notbe disguised, for
j it cannot be denied, that the Indians who were
i upon the Texas reserve were driven out utterly
! and emphatically by white men upon the borders
! of Texas. "W bother it was for retaliation, or for
! the purpose of protecting the frontiers, or for
! whatever putpose it was, is not a matter perti-
nent to the present inquiry. They were driven
out from the reserve. Whether they were de-
servedly driven out or not, whether it was right
or wrong, the fact exists that they were expelled
the reserve. Another fact is stated. They were
not permitted to remain long enough upon their
reservation to gather their crops. They were
driven out in anticipation of their harvest. When
they found that they had to go, that there was no
alternative, the United States troops had to be
called in in order to protect them in their exodus.
There is no controversy about that.
I have called upon the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to know what is the character of the cor-
respondence with his agents since the publication
of his annual report. I found that still there were
complaints made 011 the part of the people of Texas
that depredations are committed by bands from
the reserves of the friendly Indians, which have
been set apart within the limits of the Chickasaw
nation. Hostilities are still alleged to exist be-
tween those reserve Indians and. the people of
Texas. The people of Texas are uncertain some-
times from what quarter those depredating Indi-
ans come. Sometimes it is supposed that they
come from these reservations; sometimes that
they come from the country of the wild Caman-
ches; and sometimes, if not generally, they are
mistaken about the whole matter. I will send to
the Clerk's desk, in order that they may be read to
the House, two letters, which will give members
an insight into how affairs are managed when
these Indian troubles arc the theme.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Belknap, Young County, Texas,
November, 15,1859.
Respected Sir : On the 7th of tins month, my sister,
Mra. Margaret Cornett, was taken from her residence, in
thi'* county, aboutten miles from this place, by the Indians,
and earned oft' to parts unknown.
It is my humble request that you would issue an order,
requesting the commanding officers of the different posts
throughout the noith and northwestern frontier, to make
mquiiy and use due diligence to ascertain from the different
tribe* m the locality ot their respective posts, if possible,
anything concerning the whereabouts of my sister, Mrs. Cor-
nett. 1 will give a rewaul of $1,000 for her recovery. It
is quite likely that she has been abducted by the wild Ca-
manehes, and that they have not yet/uMedher, but are hold-
ing her aa a pu->oner. It is to be hoped, that, by treaty or
otherwise, she may yet be recovered. Your action ana in-
fluence m the piemi^es will never be forgotten; not only by
one whose sad misfortune it has been to lose a dear sister,
: but likewise (I think 1 may tiuly say) by the people of the
\ entire State of Texas.
I With great respect, and indulging the hope that my re-
quest will be granted, I am, vouK, &.c.
PATRICK MURPIIY;
Mr. STANTON. The Clerk will stop there.
I wish to say that there are other letters subse-
quent to that which show, in the opinion of these
parties, that not only this woman was taken
away, but a Mr. McDougal had his train at-
tacked by persons from these reservations. I ask
the Clerk now to read the letter from the Indian
agent in relation the particular transaction which
has been referred to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wichita Agency, L. P., February 3, 1860.
Sir: Information has just been received here, which I
believe to be reliable, infoiming me that Mrs. Cornett, the
sister-in-law ot Muiphy, and the wife of the man who killed
Superintendent Neighbors, of Texas, was not abducted by
the Indians, or other persons in the shameful manner rep-
lesented; but that she is now, and has been all the time, in
!>ecuritv with her fuends in the Chickasaw nation.
I deemed it my duty to lay the facts as received and be-
lieved here, before you, in order that the department may
be put in possession of the bame at as early a day as possi-
ble.
Should these reports of her present whereabouts prove
to be true, as I believe they will, it will afford matter lor
reflection as to the sinister motives of those who have al-
ready dealt so uncharitably towards a portion of the bands
now under my charge.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, S. A. BLAIR, United States Agent, L. D.
Hon. A. B. Grkenwood, Commtssioncr Indian Jljjairst
Washington, District of Columbia.
. Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I have asked
! those letters to be read for the purpose of show-
| ing that there is no such thing as peace towards
i the bands of friendly Indians who are living upon
i the reservations to which they were sent when
1 their removal was demanded by the people of
Texas from the reserve within the limits of that
State. From this correspondence, the probabili-
ties are that there is a disposition to get up a pre-
judice against these Indians, and to excite hostil-
ities against them in order that there may be an
inroad and foray into their reservations.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to ask the gentleman,
