2752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
Secretary of War is directed* by this resolution,
to settle the account of William H. De Groot on
principles of justice and equity, allowing to him
the amount of money actually expended by him
in and about the execution of his contract; and
also to indemnify him for such losses, liabilities,
and damages, as, by virtue of the joint resolution,
he was entitled to receive; the amount so found
to be due to him to be paid to him out of the fund
named in the joint resolution, or, if that has been
diverted to other purposes, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; but
there is to be deducted from the losses, liabilities,
and damages found due him, the amount paid to
him by the Government.
Mr. DAVIS, ft" seems to me there is some-
thing rather extraordinary about the joint reso-
lution which is before us. This is a case in which
it appears the claim has been referred to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury; and aftdl- adjustment by the
Secretary of the Treasury, the claimant, not satis-
lied with tlie amount he received,returns again to
Congress, and here is a bill before us to send the
same case to the Secretary of War. I do not see
why a case, having been already settled in one
Department, should be transferred to another for
reexamination. There is no higher jurisdiction 111
one Department than another. It seems to me
altogether irregular and improper to send the case
first to one Department, and should the claimant
not get as much as he expected or hoped for, then
to try another Department, and so on, to run the
whole circle of Departments, and perhaps go into
anotherAdmimstrationbelore liege ts through,and
try to review the decisions under a new Secretary
in each Department. Unless there be some rea-
son for changing the jurisdiction of the case from
the Secretary of the Treasury to the War Depart-
ment,^ think the practice very objectionable, and
I shall fee very glad to have ail explanation of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. This matter was committed
to my charge by the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to which it was referred. I am labor-
ing under so severe an indisposition to-day that
1 do not know that I can be able to make myself
intelligible. I have a horrid headache. 1 will
endeavor, however, to do the best justice to the
claimant that I can.
1 will answer the suggestion which the Senator
from Mississippi made. He says this matter was
referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and has
been once investigated by that Secretary, and does
not see why it should be again referred to another
Secretary. In the first place, the Secretary of the
Treasury has not examined the claim of William
H. De Groot. He examined the claims of other
parties, but he refused to examine the claim of
Mr. De Groot because Mr. De Groot technically
was not a party to the contract known to the Gov-
ernment, thereby depriving him of that equity
which the original resolution was designed to
give; the Secretary of the Treasury insisting, at
the same time, that it was not a matter that came
appropriately within his jurisdiction, but that it
ought to have been sent to the Secretary of War.
He did, however, decide partially upon it.
Now what is the case ? Certain parties made
a contract with the Government to furuish a laige
quantity of brick, varying, I think, from twenty-
live to seventy million, for the construction of
the aqueduct. Tliey failed. They could not per-
form their contract. The gentlemen who are
sureties for those parties then came ill, and to
hold themselves from responsibility, they un-
dertook to perform that contract. They could
not do it. The Treasury recognized the bonds-
men for the first parties as having a right to come
in. They were known to the Department. 1
think there were some writings made, which recog-
nized them as parties to the contract, and they
were accepted in the place of the original con-
tractor. 'i'hey failed, as I said; and then they
assigned their contract, or whatever you may call
it, to Mr. De Groot. He stepped in, and while
the Government did not recognize him in writing
as the party with whom they had made a contract,
they allowed him to take the contract and go on
with it; and he did take it and go on with it up to the
period of time when the Government stopped the
work. He was recognized, and Captain Meigs
says, in his report, that he did all the work faith-
fully up to that lime, and was, in all the transac-
tions, recognized as the party doing the work.
Now, when Mr. De Groot assumed that posi-
tion, what did he do? He put his hand in his
pocket and he paid the men who had made brick
yards; he bought all the existing implements, and
paid the previous parties for all the outlays that
they had made, and stepped right into their place.
The expenditures were large—some $30,000 for
land, brick, mules, carriages, and making roads,
everything; for the contract was an enormous
one—seventy million brick at, I think, $8 75 a
thousand. Before he could get ready to make
the bricks, in order to comply with the demands
of the Government, he bought large quantities of
brick, and supplied, as I think Captain Meigs
himself will say, all that was required until he
got ready to go to work; and then he supplied
his own brick. Then a resolution, to which the
Senator from Mississippi has alluded, was passed,
under which the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to settle this matter. I think that res-
olution did cover Mr. De Groot. The Depart-
ment, however, in its care and caution, decided
that it did not. That resolution provided;
"That the Secretary of the Treasury shall settle and ad-
just with all the parties lespectively interested therein, on
principles of justscc and equity, all damages. Josses, and
liabilities incurred or sustained by said parties, respect-
ively, on account of their contract lor manufacturing brick
for the Washington aqueduct, and he is hereby directed
to pay the amount lound due by such settlement and ad-
justment out of the appropriation made lor paying the lia-
bilities for the said aqueduet by the act making appropria-
tions for certain civil expensed of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1857, appioved the 18th of August,
1856: Provided, That the t aid parties first surrender to the
United States ail the brick made, together with all the ma-
chinery and appliances, and other personal property pre-
pared for executing the said contract, and that the said con-
tract be canceled."
Now, at the time that resolution was adopted,
Mr. De Groot was actually the party carrying it
on; it was his property that was turned over to
the Government; but the Secretary of the Treas-
ury said, he is not known here; we cannot con-
sult him; we cannot pay him any losses or dam-
ages he has sustained, because he is 110 party to
tile contract. The Secretary could not pay the
other parties, either the contracting parties or
their bondsmen, because they had not suffered
those losses.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me,
just there is a point on which I would like to be
informed: whether the authority given to Messrs.
De Groot & Darling, 1 think it was, had not been
withdrawn, and the same authouty transferred to
Mr. Kellogg, anterior to that?
Mr. HAMLIN. Not to my knowledge. I will
read a word or two from the House report, which
was made by a Representative from Kentucky
known to most of the members of the Senate.^ I
know him very well. In my judgment, he is a
gentleman who, if there be any fault in him, it is
that he is too careful in the vigilance with which
he watches the Treasury. Every Senator here
who knows Mr. Burnett, of Kentucky, knows
very well that he is, of all men in the House, the
most careful, the mos! prudent, the sharpest, and
the closest, in watching bills of a private charac-
ter. He reported this bill in that House; and I
will read a single extract from his report:
" Hut from the reportofthe Secretary, or lather his award
made in pursuance of the joint resolution, it appears that
the memorialist was allowed neither expcndituies, profits,
nor damages, tie was excluded on llie giound thai lie was
not a legal pinty to tlio contract, and could not, therefoie,
 e recognized a  one of the parties who Jiatl a ugllt to claim
under the joint resolution. The menionalist \va.. not a
party to the original contract, but was accepted by the
agent of tile Government as tiie assignee, and was thus a
legal paity under the re.-ohirion. and had a just claim to
indemnity under it.
" Uavinn once decided that the memorialist had no right
to indemnity under the resolution, his decision, judging
fiom the evidence befoie tlie committee, was entirely cor-
rect; foi n'ntlier Degges & Smith, nor Mechlin St Alexan-
der, sustained any d-lniage, los-, or liabilities, which tlie
Government was bound to make good. Deggs Sc Smith
never suheicd any intei-uiption m the performance ot their
contiact. indeed, tlieic lv no evidence that they ever at-
tempted to execute it. Mcehliii & Alexander weie mere
sureties foi the faithful pcifoimariee of the contract of Deggs
& Smith ; but they assigned it to Ue Groot, the niemoi lul-
i*t, arid never incurred any liability, nor&Ufetained any loss,
and could not, theretoie, jnstlv claim an allowance lor
losses, liabilities, 01 damages under the 1 evolution."
It all turns upon that single technical point,
whether this honest mechanic, who is a poor
man, and who, 1 think I am fully authorized in
saying here, in the language of Captain Meigs to
me, was an abused man, shall now be turned out
of doors in consequence of the Government re-
fusing to make an appropriation, when they Uave
taken his property from him under this resolu-
tion, and not indemnify him for the losses which
he did sustain, though he was not a technical
Carty to the contract. I hope that Congress will
e favorably disposed towards his claim.
Mr.DAVIS. Whateverclaim maybe founded
upon the failure of Congress to make appropria-
tions for the continuance of works undertaken, I
suppose all those interested in them may allege.
If the Senator had said it was bad policy to make
a partial appropriation, depending upon a future
appropriation for the continuation of the work, I
should concur with him that a gross amount
should be estimated in the beginning; that the
■whole amount should be appropriated, and that
so much of it might be drawn annually as Con-
gress should prescribe. But if contractors will
bid, knowing the contingency, which all intelli-
gent men understand, and the liability of failure
of appropriation, and when Congress refuses to
appropriate for the continuation of the work, and
they suffer loss and damage, it is one of the haz-
ards which belong to contracting with the public
under such circumstances; and if we undertake
here to indemnify every contractor for every such
loss, real or supposed, I think we shall have to
furnish new means of revenue to meet the in-
creased and increasing demands of such claimants.
The case before us I cannot understand as the
Senator does, nor was I satisfied with the reading
of the report. I did not find in the report that
history of the case, which, as mymemory served
me, responded to the facts. I sought, therefore,
for further information, and I woulu state the case
somewhat in this foi m: a contract for twenty-five
to forty million bricks was made with Degges &
Smitli on the 23d of January, 1854. It is to be
found printed in Executive Document No. 82,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, first session, page 25.
The contractors, Degges & Smith, failing to fulfill
their contracts, their sureties, Mechlin & Alex-
ander, were called upon and undertook to carry
on the work, not as contractors, but to save them-
selves as sureties. No new contract, be it remem-
bered, was entered into with the sureties, but tliey
had signed the bond, and were under the obligation
of the original contract, and now, to avoid the pen-
alty of the failure of that contract, they undertook
to perform it.
They made arrangements with William H. De
Groot or with Darling & Co.—I do not know the
exact relations of the parties; but Mr. D. V. Dar-
ling, it appears, was the acting agent in the matter.
These parties did not deliver tlie bricks as rapidly
as the contract required, and the United States
was compelled to purchase bricks and transport
them to the work. -It is a common manner of
supplying a work, where a contractor docs not
furnish the amount of brick required, to buy them
at the expense of the contractor. In this case it
appears not to have been objected to. The con-
tract, however, was not declared void or forfeited,
and the parties engaged in it expressing an ex-
pectation of being able ultimately to fulfill its con-
ditions, if not rigorously dealt with, it remained
until they got their yards ready to deliver the
bricks as required. Bricks were bought by the
engineer, and the cost and charges incident to
tlieh puichase and delivery were charged against
the contractor.
Subsequently the authority under which Messrs.
De Groot &. Dailing had acted—and this is the
point which I asked the Senator the question
upon—seems to luive been withdrawn by the
sureties, Mechlin & Alexander, and a like eu-
thority given to Mr. Kellogg and others to act
for ihcm. To these arrangements and agree-
ments, first and second between Mcehlin & Alex-
ander, the sureties, and any of the various per-
sons, the United States, neither by the engineer or
otherwise, were a party. The contract contains a
provision prohibiting its being sub-letorassigned,
and the original signers, as principals or as sure-
ties, were tinougiiout held responsible. They
had the common right to give powers of attorney
to any person to receive and receipt for them, and
the payments were made upon the poweis of
attorney thus given, so long as bricks were de-
livered, and the powers of attorney were not
revoked.
Congress having failed to make an appropria-
tion for continuing the woik on the aqueduct
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, the
persons interested in the brick contract com-
