1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19.
in this part of his argument, whether he believes
any part of the United States Army, raised in
Texas or elsewhere, would make war upon any
Indians, unless there was a dire necessity for it?
Does he believe that any part of the United
States Array would attack Indians upon a mere
rumor?
Mr. STANTON. That brings me to another
part of the subject which I wish to discuss. Gen-
tleman seem to have loose ideas about this whole
business. Murders have been committed. What
is proposed to be done for the punishment of past
offenses, and for the prevention of like offenses in
the future ? Suppose this regiment is raised: what,
will it do?
Mr. REAGAN. They will not attack peace-
ful Indians upon their reserve. They will cer-
tainly not do that. Just as certainly, however,
they will pursue the thieving, murdering, hostile
Indians into their haunts upon the plains and into
their fastnesses in the mountains, and then visit
just punishment upon them, and compel them to
terms of peace.
Mr. STANTON. I take it for granted that it
is not intended that a force sufficient shall bo or-
ganized to man posts all round the frontier, and
absolutely to prevent the ingress beyond their line
into the settlements. Nobody, I suppose, con-
templates anything like that. It would be im-
practicable. If it were done, it would create an
army that the Government would not consent to
support for a single moment. The only mode,
then, by which you can make your military force
effective, to bring Indian hostilities to an end, and
to prevent incursions upon the borders, is to pur-
sue Indian enemies, when they make inroads, to
their camps, their homes, to the nation to which
they belong, and then to inflict chastisement upon
them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, my supposition is this:
that if you raise a regiment of mounted Texas
volunteers, under the command of officers elected
by that regiment, it being composed, to a very
Urge extent, as it naturally and necessarily will
be, of the very men who have committed these
outrages upon the Indians, whether provoked or
unprovoked; entertaining the most revengeful and
vindictive feelings towards the Indians; they will
avail themselves of the slightest pretext to pursue
these Indians wherever they go; and wherever
they find them, to liiflictsummary vengeance upon
them, and upon all found with them.
Air. REAGAN. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that the Governor of the State of
Texas has given assurances that, if a regiment is ;
authorized to be raised, it shall be raised from the j
interior, and from the coast counties; and that
the people of the frontier shall be left at then-
homes, to improve their farms and take care of
their families.
Mr. STANTON. Military service in the ranks,
I apprehend, is not a very desirable employment
for respectable and industrious gentlemen. The
volunteers, therefore, as you would naturally ex-
pect, will not be men who go into the service for
the sake of the pay. They will be men who are
stimulated by the motive of self-protection—pro-
tection to themselves and their families—or by
vindictive feelings, and a desire to avenge real or
imaginary past injuries. If there is a call for vol-
unteers to organize a Texas regiment, I take it
for granted that the recruiting officer will take
every able-bodied man who offers himself, 110
matter what his moral character may be. I take
it that a chuich court will not be required to sit
upon the moral character of the recruit, to see if
he possesses certain moral qualifications. The
officer will look to his physical capabilities, and
his efficiency as a soldier, and will not inquire
what feelings or motives may prompt him to en-
list. When you open the recruiting depot and
call for volunteers to engage in this service, I im-
agine that the men who entertain the most vindic-
tive and hostile feelings towards the Indians, and
who feel the greatest interest in the protection of
the frontiers, are the very men who will first offer
their services to the recruiting officer. It is the
natural, inevitable, and necessary consequence.
Now, the objection I have to raising this de-
scription of force is, in the first place, that I do
not believe in raising force upon that principle.
You will get such a force as the emergency re-
quires; for, as I have already said, there are men
upon these borders, as upon border countries
everywhere else, who are stimulated by feelings
of revenge, the hope of plunder, and by every
passion which animates the human bosom. I do
not say this in disparagement of the people of
Texas generally; I do not know whose constitu-
ents these men are, and I know that none of us
like to have anything said against our constitu-
ents; yet there are few of us who have not some
rogues among our constituents. I think I am the
only exception; fori happen to know none among
mine. Eut so the general fact is; and it is no im-
putation upon the character of the State that it
lias among its people some lawless individuals,
who will engage, from motives such as I have
stated, in inroads upon these Indian tribes.
I know there are, many men—not, in the ordi-
nary acceptation of the term, lawless, but good
and respectable citizens, and I am acquainted with
such a man in my own neighborhood, who has
lived upon the frontier for a quarter of a century,
and who is acknowledged to be a respectable
man—-who tell us that they do not regard it as
wrong to shoot an Indian, whether hostile or
not. It is a feeling which pervades frontier men,
and whio.h grows out of the repeated wrongs and
murders committed by the Indian tribes, which
cannot be repressed.
Believing, as I do, that a force of that descrip-
tion recruited into the service would add to the
depredations committed upon the Indian tribes,
and would assist in their unnecessary massacre
and extermination, I do not think it is the force
required. I think it would be practically adopt-
ing the plan suggested by the gentleman from
New Mcxico, [Mr. Otero]—an extermination of
the whole race.
If the gentleman from New Mexico is right,
if it be wise, if it be in accordance with the en-
lightened Christian civilization of the nineteenth
century to exterminate this race of men, then
raise this Texas regiment, and you will have gone
a long way towards the accomplishment of the
extermination of that race. How are we to recon-
cile such a coutse. with our idea of what is due to
the aboriginal inhabitants of our continent, who
have been driven, by the advance of civilization,
backward and backward, until at length they have
found refuge in the gorges of the Rocky Mount-
ains, and arc reduced to the necessity of plunder-
ing the white people to save themselves andtlieir
families from starvation ? Is it consistent with
the relations we hold to those men to take that
course? [ am not,myself,prepared to recognize
such a principle. 1 am not prepared, on behalf
of the people of the United States, as one of the
Representatives of an enlightened Christian con-
stituency, to engage in a war of extermination
against any portion of the Indian tribes upon this
continent.
I want a force, under the command of regular
officers of the Army, who will wage a war against,
these Indians upon the same Christian principles
that they would against a white enemy; and who
would inflict so much chastisement, so much in-
jury, and no more, as may be necessary to com-
pel a submission and obedience to the authority
of the United States. When that is done, all is
done that I would consent to.
As 1 said before, it is claimed that here is a press-
ing necessity, an immediate necessity. Well,
what do you want? You want to follow these
wild Camanches. Will any gentleman tell me
that sixteen companies of cavalry already in the
department of Texas, with five or eight compa-
nies <#f State troops, are not sufficient to march
through the Camanche country, and conquer and
subdue the whole tribe ? You never can get to-
gether a body of Camanches in the Indian coun-
try that will resist a force of five hundred cavalry.
Mr. REAGAN. The several military com-
manders of thatdepartment,the Secretary of War,
and Governor Houston, have all told us that that
force is not sufficient, and I need not repeat it.
Mr. STANTON. I did not understand it so.
I do not understand that the Governor of Texas
and the Secretary of War have told us that five
hundred troops of the first cavalry would not be
sufficient to carry the war into the very heart of
the Camanche nation.
Mr. REAGAN. They have said that the force
there is insufficient.
Mr, STANTON. I confess that 1 cannot com-
prehend how it is that twenty-six hundred regular
troops, sixteen companies of them cavalry, and
the best cavalry in the service—the second regi-
ment of cavalry, long trained upon the frontier in
Indian wars—and seven companies of State volun-
teers under the authority of the State of Texas,
are not sufficient to make a campaign against the
wild Camanche Indians.
Mr. BONHAM. Is the gentleman not aware
that it is actually essential to keep a portion of
these troops down upon the Rio Grande, and that
they cannot be used in tho service to which he
refers? Arid does he not know further that all
these sixteen companies will not number over
twelve or thirteen hundred men?
Mr. STANTON. I think that is enough. We
do not want any more. But the question of the
gentleman from South Carolina brings me to the
consideration of another branch of the subject,and
that is, the defense of the Rio Grande frontier. I
confess that out of that very thing arose, in my
mind, another insuperable objection to this piop-
osition for an increase of force. My colleague
upon the committee [Mr. Pendleton] said that
a war with Mexico was imminent. What makes
it imminent? Cortinas, a citizen of Texas, resi-
dent in the city of Brownsville, indicted for mur-
der, suffered to run at large seven or eight years
in defiance of the constituted authorities of the
country, ultimately gets into a controversy with
them, raises a horde of bandits, and sets the con-
stituted authorities at defiance.
That is the origin of the difficulties on the Mex-
ican frontier. Cortinas is not a Mexican. He"
is a citizen of Texas. He has no support, or
countenance, or aid, in Mexico. On tho contrary,
the people of Matamoras went over to Browns-
ville, and aided in protecting the'eity of Browns-
ville against Cortinas and his band.
Mr. R.EAGAN. Will the gentlenjan permit
me 
Mr. STANTON. I prefer not. My time has
nearly expired. •
Mr. REAGAN. I only want to ask the gentle-
man not to muke such statements, or attempt to
givcsuch impiessionsas these. Although Cortinas
has been living on this side of the Rio Grande for
a considerable time since the annexation of Texas
to the United States, his troops were Mexican,
without exception. They fought under the Mex-
ican banner; they were protected on Mexican soil;
they received their men and supplies from the
Mexican territory and Mexican people. They go
there for protection whenever they are whipped
on this side; and our troops have once followed
thein across and chastised them, and have applied
again and again to die Mexican authorities to sup-
press them; but it has i^ot been done.
Mr. STANTON. The correspondence between
the War Department and the authorities of Texas
shows conclusively that Cortinas was indicted for
murder some time about the year 1850; ihat, for
political reasons probably, or some other, the in-
clictment was never prosecuted; that he was suf-
fered to run at large; and that he went about there
for years as a good, law-abiding citizen, with an
indictment for murder hanging over him. Ulti-
mately, another person had broken an ordinance,
and the marshal was arresting him; Cortinas aided
in his rescue, and shot the marshal. From that
time onward they have been trying to catch Cor-
tinas, who raised and collected together the out-
laws from the United States, from Mexico, and
from wherever he could gather them.
Here is the origin of these disturbances. Now,
I see no necessity for any war with Mexico grow-
lr.go ut of it. I know that there is, in some quar-
ters, as a speech of my colleague [Mr. Cox] a
month ago very cleaily indicated, a very strong
inclination to make war upon Mexico. The com-
mittee will rccollect how my colleague from the
Columbus district talked about those silver mines
of Mexico; how magnificent a thing it would be
to have them, and how we have got to have them.
Now, Mr. Chaiiman, I do not want to put in
the hands of the President ofthe United States any
force that might furnish him with the temptation
to make an onset on the Republic of Mexico. I
do not want to furnish him with the means of
making war without the authority of Congress;
and one reason why I do not want to raise this
Texas regiment is, because that would relieve him
of the necessity of keeping troops to act against
the Indians, and would enable him to place them
on the Rio Grande.
Mr. HAMTLTON. 1 ask the gentleman from
