366
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. op Reps.
the House and the country, that men of bettor le-
gal ablities, whose nomination had been submitted
to the Senate for confirmation, have often been
rejected. The Committee on the Judiciary, (a
majority of which has been pro-slavery for the
past twenty years,) to which said nominations
are always referred, have, by some means un-
known to the pub] ic, succeeded in prevailing on the
acting President, whoever he may have been, to
withdraw objectionable nominations, and substi-
tute others more acceptable for the purposes con-
templated by them, while some of the present
partisans of this court were confirmed instead of
those whose names were thus withdrawn or re-
jected. Before I take my seat I expect to show
that a purpose was to be accomplished by those
who secured the rejection, on a direct vote for
confirmation in the Senate, of men of spotless
characters, of great learning, and eminent judicial
"Viabilities, or their defeat by the withdrawal of their
names by the President, at the dictation of this
class interest. Debute was sought to be avoided
on this delicate point, that their ulterior purposes
might thus remain undiscovered, even in the se-
cret archives of the United States Senate. Sir, if
the country could understand how a majority of
these judges were placed upon the bench, and the
schemes resorted to by this class interest to se-
cure men to represent their views and interests,
the people would scorn their political decrees,
and treat their usurpations as they deserve.
Sir, i expect to show that no man whose nom-
ination has foi yeais been submitted to the Sen-
ate for confirmation as a judge of Lhis court has
been rejected for his want of learning, or charae-
acter as a citizen, or ability as a lawyer; but that
they have been rejected solely on the ground of
then* known or supposed unsoundness on the
question of slavery; every man known to en-
tertain liberal views on that question being re-
jected; and partisans, without the eminent abili-
ties or other requisite qualifications for the bench,
have been nominated and confirmed in their stead,
simply because they were either Mipposed or
known to be reliable on the question of sustain-
ing the claims of the .slave power in the judicial
decisions. Such is the extent to wl\ieh this schrme
has been carried—and 1 legret to say, successfully
carried—by the carelessness, or incompetency, or
criminal complicity, of nouhern Senatois, some
of whom have had southern plantations well
stocked with slaves, while claiming to represent a
free people. 1 say but for the indifference or the
inability of northern Senators to defend and guaid
the interests of those they were commissioned to
represent, or their criminal complicity, this scheme
never could have been ac< omphshed as it has
been; for it required the votes of northern Sena-
to do it, and by their action or non-action this
court, which in former years stood so high in the
estimation of the American people, is now looked
upon by the great body of citizens with distrust,
and regarded by many of the best men of the
nation as little else than a partisan political tri-
bunal.
Mr. Chairman, it is no pleasant task for an
American llepicsentativc to declare on thisiloor,
and to the country, as I now do, and as candor
compels me to do, that I have lost all confidence
in, and veneration for, this Supreme Court; and
I could wish that even before the expiration of
the next piesidential term I could see this Su-
preme Court reorganized. I wish I could see all
laws repeal* d creating inferior United States dis-
trict courts, so that we might be able to get rid of
the whole batch of these United States judicial
officials as summaiily as the Republican party
under Jefferson got rid of the swarm of district
judges created by what is famihaily known as
the midnight judiciary act, passed on the night of
3d of March, 1801. For while we cannot deprive
the.se officials of thrir life tenures or titles by re-
moval, it is an established principle in the national
as well as State Governments—and the act under
Jefferson to which I have referred is one of the
earliest precedents on record establishing the right
of the power that created and prescribed the du-
ties of these couits—to repeal the law, and thus
legislate these judges and clerks out of office by
the power that breathed into them the breath of
life. After a full investigation of this subject, I
believe the only practical way, without a change
in the Constitution, to reform the gross abuses,
not only of the Supreme Court, but of the Uni-
ted States district courts, is: first, to reorganize
the Supreme Court, and either create additional
judges, or redistrict the circuits in such a maifner
as to equalize the business, and require the judges
to be residents of the districts for which they were
respectively appointed, or m which, bylaw, they
arc required to attend courts; and, second, to re-
peal the laws creating district courts and defining
their jurisdiction and duties; thus legislating your
Judge Kanes,Magraths,and Joneses, out of office.
If new district courts are indispensable,let them
be carefully organized, and the judges be clothed
with just as little power and as limited a jurisdic-
tion as possible. We should make business and
the wants of the country only a basis for creating
districts; and not create districts and offices for
broken down politicians, as has been done to an
extent that would astonish the country could it
be known. As an evidence of this fact, look at
the State of Florida: with less than half the pop-
ulation of my congressional district, she has two
United States district courts, and, of course, two
judges; Tennessee, three; Missouri, two; and so
on to the end of the list. Sir, unless a man has
carefully examined this subject he cannot con-
ceive, and even after an examination will be re-
luctant to come to the conclusion to which I con-
fess 1 have, to wit, that this Supreme Court is, as
Jefferson declared it to be, "a subtile corps of
sappers and minus, constantly working under
ground to undermine the foundation of our con-
federated fabric." " They are construing our
Constitution," he added, " from a coordination of
a general and special Government to a general and
supreme one alone." I feci confident that if these
usurpations of this court be not speedily checked,
the rights of the States and the liberties of the
people will be endangered; and the danger is the
more imminent, from the fact thata class interest
have secured the absolute control of this court;
and having secured it, now demand that the party
which they also control shall proclaim, through
their Presidents and party conventions and party
press, the doctrine that the political decisions of a
majority of these, nine men are infallible and bind-
ing upon the party, without the benefit of an ap-
peal to the people. The extraordinary spectacle
is presented to the world of a once great party,
which cherished and defended the rights of the
masses, having been taken possession of by an
oligarchy, and the doctrine proclaimed that there
must be an unconti oiled absolute power in the
Government somewhere, from which there can
be no appeal; and that power they claim to-day
must be vested, not in Congress, or in the States,
or in the people, but in the nine men who con-
stitute thus Supreme Court.
Sir, the Republican theory is, that the Govern-
ment is not the master, but the servant. Every
department was created by the people, not for the
benefit of any class interest, but for the safety
and happiness of the whole, and every depart-
ment is subordinate to their will. Government
is but a means to an end, and whenever it ceases
to answer the purposes for which it was created,
the people can alter or abolish it.
Sir, neither theexeeutive, nor judicial, nor law-
making power is supreme. The Constitution is
above them; and the people, who made the Con-
stitution, and vested temporarily the authority of
enacting, executing, and adjudicating the laws,
are aliove and superior to all. This absolute
power, therefore, claimed for the Supreme Court
by the Administration party, must be resisted,
because theie cannot with safety be any depart-
; ment of a republican Government from which an
! appeal to the people cannot be taken. If there is
an absolute power m any Government that is above
and superior to the people, it is a despotism. In
an oration delivered by John Quincy Adams,
, July 4% 1831, and cited by Judge Story in a note
j to section 208 of his Commentaries, he says, in
l referring to this subject:
| a tt id not true, that theie must reside in all Governments
| an absolute, uncontioilabie, irresistible, and despotic pow-
. or; nor Mich power m any maimer essential lo sover-
eignty. Uncontrollable power exists in no Government on
cattli. The sternest despotis-msm any region, and in every
use ot the world, aie and have been under perpetual con-
tiol. Unlimited power belongs, not to man; and rotten will
be the foundation of every Government leaning upon such
a maxim for its suppoit. Least of all can it be predicated
of a Government professing to be founded upon an original
compact. Tito pretense of an absolute, in csistible. despotic
power, existing m every Government somewhere, is incom-
patible with the first principles* of natural right."
Sir, these well-considered reflections, made by
one of the wisest and best statesmen who since
the days of Washington have adorned and digni-*
fied the presidential office, are well worthy of the
serious consideration of the people at this import-
ant crisis in the history of our country; when a
great party, who for years have had possession
of the Government, have declared through their
present Chief Executive that there is a power in
the Government to which every department must
yield, and to whose opinions the people of ail
political parties must give implicit obedience.
This anti-Democratic doctrine was broadly an-
nounced by Mr. Buchanan in that most remark-
able passage in his late annual message to Con-
gress, in which he said:
" I cordially congratulate you upon the final settlement,
by the Supieme Court ot the United States, oi'the question
o! slaveiy m the Terntories," Ste.
And strange to say, this dangerous anti-Repub-
lican, anti-Democratic doctrine, receives the sup-
port of the great body of Representatives on this
floor claiming to be Democrats.
Mr. Chairman, the eft'oits of Mr. Calhoun to
enlist all the southern States in his disunion move-
ment of 18312, under color of opposition to the
tariff act of 1828, having failed, and the scheme
exposed and effectually crushed out by the bold-
ness and decision of General Jackson, and this
desperate faction and their leader excluded from
the Democratic party during the Administration
of that old hero, other expedients were resorted
to by Mr. Calhoun to secure the accomplishment
of his cherished purpose, namely, either a dissolu-
tion of the Union and the organization of a south-
enrsluveholding confederacy, or the recognition
by the present Government of his theory, that
slavery is recognized by the Constitution, and
that Congress had no power to abolish or exclude
it from the Territories, or the District of Colum-
bia, After the election of Van Buren to the Pres-
idency, Mr. Calhoun and lus followers were again
received into a kind of quasi fellowship with the
Democratic partyand supported the leading meas-
ures of that Administration. The express ground
upon which this support was given, was the al-
leged fact that Mr. Van Buren was disposed to
favor Mr. Calhoun's theory that the Constitu-
tion of the United States recognized propoity in
man. Whether such, were Mr. Van Buren's views,
or not,! am unable to say; but certain it is, that he
pledged himself inhis inaugural address, unasked
by the Democratic party, to veto any law which
Congress might pass abolishing slavery in the
District of Columbia; and before he had been one
year in the presidential office hunacquired, for the
first time 111 the history of the Government, the
unenviable appellation of a " northern man with
southern principles."
Failing, however, to secure the open indorse-
ment by the Democratic party of that day of the
favorite theory of the slave power, Mr. Calhoun
hit upon the plan of getting possession of the
Supreme Court, because it is a power the fur-
thest removed from the people, is held m great
esteem by them, and such acts of aggression as
Mr. Calhoun contemplated, if committed by the
Supreme Court, he knew would be so quietly
done as to excite no alarm and pass almost un-
noticed.
In this scheme, as. the history of the country
will show, Mr. Calhoun was successful.
Let us look at this point for a few moments.
The Supreme Court was organized by an act of
Congress passed on the 24th of September, 1789,
by which act the court was made to consist of one
ehier'justice and five associates.
By act of April 29, 1802, districts, (each State
being then called a distuct,) were formed into
circuits, as follows:
" The districts of New Hanipahiic, Massachusetts, and
Rhode Island, shall commute the first circuit.
" The districts of Connecticut, New York, and Vermont,
shall constitute the second circuit.
" Tlio districts of New Jersey and Pennsylvania shall
constitute the third circuit.
"The districts of Maryland and Delaware shall consti-
tute the fourth circuit.
"The districts of Virginia and North Carolina shall con-
stitute the fifth circuit.
