THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON,.D.C.-
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 9, 1860.
New Series No. 173. '
plained that it was unfair to them, after the delay
of a year, to require them to proceed with the
manufacture and delivery of bricks; and, at their
instance, Congress passed the joint resolution of
March 3, 1857, which is stated in the repoit. By
this resolution, the Secretary of the Treasury was
directed to settle and adjust, with all the parties
respectively interested therei n, all damages, losses,
and liabilities incurred orsustained by said parties
respectively on account of their contract for man-
ufacturing bricks for the Washington aqueduct;
thatis.upon certain conditions. I think the resolu-
tion originally was hazardous to the last extreme.
It allowed everybody interested to come in with
any lossor damage which had been incurred under
the contract. It was to guaranty to them an
annual appropriation by Congress, which, under
the contract, had not been done, which nobody
had a right to do, and which the contractor must
have foreseen, if he was an intelligent person,
able to do business for himself, at the time he en-
tered into the contract.
The Secretary of the Treasury discharged the
duty imposed on him by the joint resolution; yet
some of the parties, being dissatisfied with the
award which has been paid, seek further relief.
If the Secretary of the Treasury has decided the
matter, then, as I said in the beginning, I do not
see the propriety of transferring it to another De-
partment. It is to take the chances of a more
favorable decision from another Department. The
vouchers and all the papers are now in the Treas-
ury Department. The Secretaiy of War would
have to call upon the Auditor for the papers upon
which he would reexamine the case. The only
advantage the Secretary of War could have would
be in his knowledge of the personnel connected
with the contract and its execution. So far as it
rests upon the paper, as governing the decision,
the Secietary of the Interior stands in a better re-
lation to the subject than the Secretary of War.
If the object, as declared by the Senator from
Maine, be merely to allow this attorney or agent
of the sureties to the original contract to appear
as the real party in interest, it would be answered
by so declaring that the person named, or other
persons, should be allowed to appear and present
their claims for losses or damages under the res-
olution; and that the Secretary of the Treasury
should examine the case as though they had been
contractors. But there is something in the nature
of the resolution which, it seems to mc, must lead
toconfusion, if notto serious error. The proviso
is added at the end:
" Tliatthere shall be deducted from the losses, liabilities,
and damages found due to luul, the amount paid to nun by
the Government."'
Now, as he was nota contractor, as he was not
a surety, and therefore not entitled to come in and
take the liabilities of the contractor, it followed,
as a matter of course, that he could receive noth-
ing exceptas an attorney. Therefore, paid to him
ill his character, as contractor, there could have
been nothing. Paid to him, on account of losses
and damages sustained by him on the contract,
there could have been nothing. He must all tlic^
time have received, as the agent and attorney of
the contractor or his sureties. That was his real
position in the whole transaction. It does not
appear that the United States have received any
of the material which had been made use ot with-
out giving due compensation for it. The whole
loss accrued from the failure to pass an appropri-
ation. There can be no allegation that loss arose
otherwise, unless it be that the contract was an
unwise one for him who made it. Such indem-
nity as will result from an injudicious contract, or
result from damages known to have accrued front
failure to make continued appropriations, I trust
the Senate are not piepared now to impose upon
the Government.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I had occasion,
two years ago, as a member of the Committee on
Claims, to examine this claim of Mr. De Groot.
I came to the conclusion then that Mr. Meigs has
come to, that Mr. De Groot was a very much
abused man. He had undertaken to do this sev-
173
vice for the Government. He had furnished him-
self with property, with' horses, with carts, with
a brick-yard, and the materials for making brick,
and had gone on to perform this contract. The
Government had recognized him as the proper
party to perform this contract. They had re-
ceived the bricks from him as he made them.
They also took the bricks from him which lie pur-
chased to complete this contract. It is very true,
as the Senator from Mississippi says, that Mr.
Meigs did purchase some bricks before De Groot
got ready to make bricks; but he charged the loss,
upon those bricks to Mr. De Groot, and Mr. De
Groot paid it.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I so stated.
Mr. CLARK. I did not hear the Senator so
state.
Mr. DAVIS. It is the usual practice, and en-
ters into contract. It is one of the conditions.
Mr. CLARIC. But I think the Senator did not
state that Mr. Meigs had furnished a few thou-
sand, while Mr. De Groot purchased some two
million five hundred thousand, because he was
not ready to make them. I am so informed by
Mr. De Groot himself, and that he turned them
over as part of the contract.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not state it, because I did
not know the fact.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator was not aware of
that fact?
Mr. DAVIS: I was not.
Mr. CLARK. The Government, recognizing
Mr. De Groot as having a right to perform the
contract, and refusing to pay him, has set up—-
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator state how the
Government has refused?
Mr. CLARK. By taking the bricks from him,
and not paying him for them. 1 will show, 1
think, that the Government recognized him still
further. This resolution of March 3, 1857, pro-
vided that the Secretary should settle with these
people who suffered loss, provided they turned
over their property. Now, Mr. De Groot had
carts, had horses, had bricks on hand, and under
that resolution he turned them over to the Gov-
ernment. The Government accepted them from
Mr. De Groot, thus recognizing him as the party
to perform the contract; and here is the point of
the whole case. You have taken the property-of
De Groot, and refuse to pay him for it. You
accepted the property under the resolution, and
when you come to pay, you say he is not under
the resolution. I say when you have taken prop-
erty under the resolution, you should pay under
it, and not set up this technical objection that
somebody else is to be paid. If somebody else
was to be paid, why did you take De Groot's
property—his horses, his caits, and his bricks?
He simply asks now that you shall do him justice.
You have got his property. Pay him for it, and
do not say it belongs to somebody else.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would ask the Senator whether
he says he was not paid for the articles taken by
the Government; that he was not paid for the
things they received?
Mr. CLARK. I say precisely this: that when
he had turned over his property, the Government
refused to recognize him, and undertaking to pay
such sum as they chose over to the prior con-
tractors, De Groot got what they chose to give
lum, and nothing more. The Government took
his property, and then would not recognize him.
Mr. DAVIS. I may not understand the case.
If 1 do, the Government paid for all they received.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot undertake to say how
that was; how much precisely they did pay for;
but they took his property at their own valuation
and turned him over to somebody else. That is
precisely the statement of the case. Now he asks
to be recognized under that resolution and have
his damages settled by the Secretary of War. Is
there anything unfair *in it ? Does not the Sena-
tor himself see the justice of it? If you have got
his wood, his carts, his horses, why not settle
with him ? He does not ask any definite price.
He asks that the Secretary of War may ascertain
what is due to him in justice and equity, aw} pay
it to him; and this proviso., instead of leaving ft
in confusion, shows the necessity of it.- Hesajrst
" I do not want to be paid over again anything
that has been paid mc. I am willing the Secretary
shall deduct anything that was paid while I was
going on with that contract; anything in the
world that should be charged to me, let hirCL.de-
ductfrom the payand give me the balance." That
is all he asks. I think it commends itself to the
justice of everybody. I do not wonder Mr.Meigs
said he was a much-abused man. Meigs was the
man to whom he delivered the brick. Meigs was
the man that was at his yard. Meigs was the
man who knew how he had been treated all along,
and he was forced to exclaim, DeGroot was a
much-abused man." Ithinksotoo. All he claims
now, is that the Secretary of War shall settle this
matter upon principies of justice and equity.. .
Mr. DAVIS. The resolution which is before
us does not refer at ali to the argument which the
Senator from New Hampshire has made. He
argues as though this man's property had been
taken by the Government and had not been paid
for. Tne resolution is for losses and damages.
The resolution is not to pay for his bricks. Nei-
ther was it possible for the officer of the Govern-
ment who had his accounts to settle to pay any
one but the contractor, except as attorney for
somebody else. Any one who produces a powei
of attorney may be paid on the part of the con-
tractors, but certainly no officer of the Govern-
mentcould have taken the hazard to pay a person
who did not appear as eont actor, cxcept upon a
power of attorney to receive.
Now, the Senator talks about carts, horses,
and so on, but this bill is to pay him for—
" the amount of money actually' expended by him In and
about the execution ot the said contract, and also to in-
demnify him lor such losses, liabilities and damages as by
virtue of the t>aid jomt;.resolution he was entitled to re-
ceive."
This is not for property delivered. 1 have
never heard it alleged by anybody before that all
the property which was received was not paid
for. You may make a question as to whether a
particular person received the money who was
not the contractor, though, as I suppose, the
money has been paid to those who had a right to
receive it under the contract; but that would be
to impose upon us the obligation to step in be-
tween the contractors and their attorneys, to set-
tle their accounts between them, and if the con-
tractor has not turned over the mopey which he
received in due allowances to his attorney, to his
foreman, to every workman in his yard, we are
to pay him over again. You might as well take
one of the moiders in the yard, and inquire
whether he had received the amount per diem, to
which ho was entitled, and, if he had not, pay it to
him. The Government cannot undertake to enter
into these questions. They can only pay the
contractor who appears legally as such. If there
be any wrong done to this individual, as the Sen-
ator seems to suppose—it may be so, I d  not
say it is not—let him be relieved from what is
assorted to be a difficulty by naming him as the
person who may go before the Secretary^ of the
Treasury and state bis case; and if the Govern-
ment owes him anything, require the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Missis-
sippi propounded one question to me which 1 did
not answer, but I designed to have done so. He
asked why was this matter transferred from the
Treasury to the War Department ? The sugges-
tion the Senator himself made, however, in the
course of his remarks, will make it most obvious
to every one. The Senator knows, and i suppose
all the Senate know,that under the War Depart-
ment all contracts have been made and everything
in relation to the aqueduct has been carried on.
It is a groat work connected with the War De-
partment. In addition to that, as 1 am told, and
I presume there is no doubt about it, while the
Secretary of the Treasury did make the investi-
gation which was imposed on him by the prior
resolution,he insisted throughout the whole ot it
