1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
take a very long while, with judicious manage-
ment, to organize, out of the ten regiments of in-
fantry, two regiments of cavalry. It is true, they
could not be organized in time to be available for
the Texas service during the present summer; but
the cavalry and infantry already there, with the
State troops in the field, will afford a sufficient
protection for the present season.
It is a great misunderstanding to suppose, that
any force upon the frontier can afford absolute
safety. The fact that men and women will be
sometimes killed is xtnavoidable from the very
nature of the case. Such is the fact in all the
States and all the citics of the country. No po-
lice, no law, no administration of justice can pre-
vent it. All that can be asked is, that a reason-
able force shall be used efficiently for the purpose
of rendering that frontier as safe as the nature of
the case will admit; that the companies of cavalry
there; that the State troops that are in the field;
am? that the infantry there, shall be used efficient-
ly; and whe'n one or two regiments of infantry
shall have been properly mounted and organized,
you will have an available protection for your
whole frontier.
Now, sir, it was remarked by some gentleman
. that the regular troops, before the revolutionary
war, were not efficient in the Indian wars. Sir,
that affords no comparison with the efficiency of
our regular troops. The regular Army then was
composed of forces from Great Britain, wht> knew
nothing of Indians, nor of their mode of warfare,
and, of course, wore not qualified to fight them.
Our, regular forces are trained for Indian wars.
Our whole available force is, or ought to be, sta-
tioned on the frontiers for the protection of the
frontiers. They can be used in time of peace for
no other purpose.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope this matter may
be disposed of with all convenient dispatch. Lei
us act intelligently, and act upon a sober, calm,
cool, dispassionate view of the whole question.
The idea that, because there have been depreda-
tions and murders committed, you must, there-
fore, have more soldiers, is a nonsequitur. If you
had had ten regiments of volunteers there, it docs
not follow thatmurders would not have been com-
mitted. The only question is, whether the forces
you have now, with the change as proposed in
this amendment, will not afford as adequate pro-
tection against Indian hostilities as the nature of
the case will admit of. No gentleman here is in-
disposed to furnish the same protection to Texas
tllat would be furnished to any other State under
like circumstances. There is no prejudice exist-
ing against Texas, and there should be none what-
ever.
. Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio this question: if these robberies and mur-
ders had been committed in Minnesota instead of
Texas, does ho not suppose such a proposition
as this would have passed this House without ob-
jection?
Mr. STANTON. I can say to the gentleman
most positively thatit would notchange my vote.
I regret a little that gentlemen should seem to east
an imputation upon me that I would have changed
my opinion 011 account of the locality. No, sir; I
hold that Texas and Minnesota are equally enti-
tled to protection. There have been Indian dep-
redations committed in Minnesota, and yet there
has been 110 application for a regiment; and I be-
lieve that, had these depredations been committed
there, 110 application for a regiment would have
been made. There have been as extensive Indian
depredations and murders committed in Wash-
ington Territory as in Texas, and yet we have
had no application for any additional regiment of
troops for the protection of that Territory. How
is it that similar outrages, robberies, and murders,
have been and are constantly being committed
elsewhere, and yet there is no application for regi-
ments to be raised for their protection ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BONHAM. As 1 understand the gentle-
man from Ohio, he is for an increase of the regu-
lar Army when it will meet this exigency, but
he will not vote to raise this regiment of mounted
volunteers temporarily, that will meet it.
Mr. STANTON No sir; I do not and I will
not, withmy presentinformation, vote to increase
the regular Army. I only propose that infantry
shall be mounted and put where they may be of
some service to the country. I do not propose to
increase the regular Army, but only^to take two
regiments of infantry and to convert them into
cavalry.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate has closed
upon the amendments of the Senate, and they will
now be read for five minutes' debate. The Clerk
will read the first amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add: For materials for quarters for subaltern officers,
$3,500.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amond that amend-
ment by substituting for it the following:
The term of study at the Military Academy at West Point,
after the close of the present academic year, shall be four
years, and no more.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate provides for materials with which to com-
mence a new building for professors' quarters at
West Point. I find in the estimate sent here by
the Secretary of War that the ultimate cost of the
building will be some fifteen thousand dollars. It
is only fair to presume that that estimate will be
exceeded by the ordinary amount, and that the
cost of the building will be $20,000. I have seen
nothing that goes to show that there is any neces-
sity for this appropriation. At all events, there
will be no harm done in postponing this appro-
priation for a year.
1 propose to strike out that amendment of the
Senate, and to move the amendment that has been
read by the Clerk. The subject of a reduction of
the term of study at West Point was early re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Early in the session I put myself in correspond-
ence with the superintendent of the United States
Military Academy at West Point; and I will say
that ho has written to me emphatically recom-
mending the proposed change. He states that
the four-years term is prefurable to the present
term of study. It is but justice, however, to the
Secretary of War, to say that he disapproves of
the change, and that he insists upon retaining the
five-years term. The Committee on Military
Affairs authorized me to report a bill in favor of
a change of the term of study from five to four
years; and I have, deeming this as fit a place as
any, moved it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like my col-
league to tell the committee whether the superin-
tendent of West Point recommends that the cnange
should bo made by authority of law or by regu-
lation of the War Department? Does I10 recom-
mend that the term of study shall be fixed at four
instead of five, years by act of Congress, or only
that iho change shall be directed by the regulation
of the War Department?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer my colleague.
I addressed a letter to the superintendent of the
Military Academy at West Point, stating that a
resolution had licet) sent to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs of the House of Representatives, in-
structing them to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for shortening the term of study
at that Academy, and requesting his opinion on the
subject of that proposed change. Howrote, in re-
ply, recommending the change, without stating
whether, in his opinion, it ought to be made by
law or by ti regulation of the War Department.
-Mr. CURTIS. I move to strike out the words
"after the close of the present academic year."
Mr. Chairman, I suppose that the presentgrad-
uating class may be graduated at the usual time
in June. 1 know of no reason why it should not
bo so. At all events, I would leave that to the
discretion of the academic board. I am with that
amendment; decidedly in favor ofthe amendment.
I do not,as I have said, see why the present first
class should be required to go through another
year's course, if, as I understand, they are now
ready to graduate.
Mr. STANTON. I accept the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa, as a modification of my
proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire what will
be the effect of the amendment moved by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, and accepted by the gentleman
from Ohio ? Will it be to graduate two classes in ■
June instead of one?
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that it will have
the effect to graduate only one, that is, the class
which has been there for four years. If two
classes have been there the requisite time, then
two must graduate to fall back 011 the old system.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that one will
graduate, then, in any event.
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly, the senior or first
class will, graduate in June; and I am confident
that, unless the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs passes,
the Secretary of War will continue the five-years
term of study at West Point. In order that the
chango shall be made, I believe that there ought
to be this directory enactment. I hope that the
amendment, as amended, will pass.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move, pro forma, to strike
out the last word of the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I make the inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
the board at West Point has submitted any report
on this subject?
Mr. STANTON. With the letter of the super-
intendent, to which I have already adverted, there
was an accompanying report made on the subject
to the Secretary of War, recommending the pro-
posed change.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why did the Secretary of
War disregard that recommendation?
Mr. STANTON. He has an opinion and rea-
sons of his own in the matter, and they are in
opposition to the change. I have a letter from the
Secretary of War, in which he says that the four-
years term is not sufficient—thatit does not afford
adequate education.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then it is the Secretary of
War on the one side, and the academic board on
other.
■ Mr. STANTON. And the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs recommends the proposed change.
Mr. HUGHES. Did I understand the gentle-
man to say that the academic board had recom-
mended this shortening of the term of study?
Mr. STANTON. I am not sure that there is
an official report. I have the document in my
committee room, and can produce it.
Mr. HUGHES. That is not material.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that there is a
difierence in the board on the subject, and that one
or two of the professors are averse to the change.
Mr. HUGHES. With the permission of the
committee, I will indulge in a remark or two. I
understand, sir, that it is desirable to continue the
five-years term, with a view of devoting one of
those years to a practical course of instruction, in
respect to which the Academy has always been
defective. It is true that that design has never
heretofore been carried into execution; but there
is now convened a board of officers for the pur-
pose of investigating and reporting upon the
proper distribution of the course, allowing one
year for practical instruction in field works, engi-
neering, and various things necessary in siege
operations, and for defense. Heretofore that in-
struction in field batteries, &e., has been left until
the cadet graduated, and left the Academy. They
have been allowed to go into the service without
that practical knowledge which they ought to
possess, and which, therefore, they are compelled
to learn in the Army. It has been thought by the
War Department better that that practical in-
struction should bo obtained at the Academy,
whereitcan be more systematically and thorough-
ly acquired. The gentlemen ofthe faculty—atleast
those I have conversed with—are in favor of it,
for the purpose of relieving the cadets from a
pressure of more study.
It is not intended to extend the academic course.
I believe that no friend of the Academy desires
that, but rather that it should be relieved from
the enormous pressure upon the cadets, and that
their physical energies may be developed by at-
tending to the practical course, which was the
main design of adding the fifth year. If 1 am not
incorrectly informed, there is a board of officers
in session to carry that plan out. If the amend-
ment be adopted, you will of course have two
graduating classes this year. I am not inclined
to favor this amendment for the present. I think
that it would be better to postpone it for another
year, until we can have more definite information
on the subject. It is one that will properly come
before the next visiting board, where it will be
fully discussed. Certain it is, there is no una-
nimity among the faculty on the subject. There
is great difference of opinion. The Secretary of
War, who is the responsible executive officer,
entertains his opinion, and the superintendent of
the Academy entertains a different one.
