368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—-Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of Reps.
What justification, excuse, or apology, can the
members of the Democratic party in the North
give for this shameful neglect or betrayal of the
interest of their constituents?
l*et any impartial man look over this table and
answer the question, "how ought these circuits
to be constitutedr" and he will answer you, "in
proportion to the amount of business done by
each judge of the several circuits." If this just
principle should be adopted, as it ought to be, and
will some day be adopted, and the average busi-
ness of the present five southern circuits should
constitute the basis for creating new judicial
circuits and judges of the Supreme Court, the
North would be entitled to at least fourteen or fif-
teen more circuits and judges, without including
the States of Iowa, Wisconsin, California, Min-
nesota, and Oregon, which I have not included in
the above calculation.
Why is it that this inequality is permitted to
continue? Why is it that the Representatives of
the so-called Democratic party from the North
have not long ago moved to equalize this depart-
ment of the Government, and obtain for their con-
stituents a representation on the bench equal to
their numbers, business, and wealth?
To say that all this is the result of accident,
and the unexpected increase of population in the
North, is a mockery. 1 tell you, as all reflecting
and observing men who are not partisans will tell
you, that it is but one of the many schemes to
which the Democratic party, since its surrender
to the Calhoun faction, hus lent the use of its
great name and influence to establish and make
permanent and universal the institution of human
slavery in all the States and Territories of this
Republic.
Mr. Chairman, the time was, and that, too,
within the memory of many members on this
floor, when slavery was regarded and admitted
by the great majority of the American people, by
men of all parties, and all religious creeds, to be
a moral, social, and political evil, fiom which it
was the duty of the States to free themselves as
speedily as possible, and for whose existence and
continuance the national Government should in
no way be held responsible before the woikl.
Nowall this is changed; and a great party to-day,
through its Representatives in this Hall, with here
and there an exception, claim that slavery is a
moral, a Christian, and desiiable political insti-
tution, established by the Ureal Supreme for the
happiness alike of the white and black races. And
not only this, but they claim that the national
Constitution, which our fatheis declared they or-
dained to secure the blessings of liberty, carries,
sustains, and protects, of its own force, the right
of the master to the pel son and service of his slave
on every foot of soil, and wher-'ver floats the na-
tional ensign, save only in sovereign States where,
by positive enactments, its existence is prohib-
ited: in other words, that slavery is a natural,
legal, and universal relation, and freedom unnat-
ural, exceptional, and local, and only made ex-
ceptional by the exercise of the arbitrary will of
the electors of sovereign States, expressed in the
form of positive legislative inhibition. Even this
pretended right, unsustained as it was by any re-
spectable number of men from the organization
of the Government until the birth of the Calhoun
party, in 1844, has become the cardinal point in
the Democratic creed.
This desperate faction was unfortunately recog-
nized and negotiated with at that time, and its
leaders succeeded in making? a secret treaty with
therccognized chief of the Democratic party,from
the bad clTects of which the party never recoveied.
Since that time this mere faction—a clique that
twenty years ago could be easily numbered—have
been constantly gaming in power and strength,
until at last they have been able to force from the
party an authoritative recognition of their doc-
trines. They have baptized them in the name of
Democracy; and from this time forward not only
are the living principles of the old Democratic
party to be abandoned, but the doctrine is to be
maintained that the Dred Scott decision is the tiuo
interpretation of the Constitution; that the logical
result of that decision prevents the people of a
sovereign State from excluding slavery.
On the 17th of November, 1857, the Washing-
ton Union, the organ of the Administration and
the special mouthpiece of the President, in speak-
ing of this subject, said:
" The Constitution declai cs thati Ike citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens in the several Slates.', Every citizen of one State
coming into another State has, therefore, a right to the pio-
tection of his person, and that property which is recognized
as such by the Constitution of the United States, any law
of a State to the contrary notwithstanding. So far from
any State having a right to deprive him of this propeity, it
is its bounden duty to protect him m its possession.
" If these view* are coirect—and we "believe it would be
difficult to invalidate them—it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or otherwise, which piohibit a citizen of
one State from settling m another, and bringing his stave
property with him, and most especially declaring it lor-
feited, are duect violations of the original intention of a
Government which, as before stated, is the protection of
poison and property, and of the Constitution oi the United
States, which recognized propei ty in blavof, and declares
that i the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
piiviiegesand immunities of citizens m the several States,'
among the most essential of winch is the protection of per-
son and propiMty."
And, in my judgment, this will bo the next ag-
gressive step made by the present Administration
party upon the free people of this country. Yes,
sir; I fnmly believe that we are to have a second
Dred Scott decision by the present Supreme Court,
which will fully sustain this monstrous claim now
openly set up by many of the leaders of this Cal-
houn party, provided, always, that they are suc-
cessful m the coming presidential election;and tlu;
Supreme Court can thereby have the assurance it
had when Mr. Buchanan was elected, that its de-
crees will be enforced by the strong arm of the
executive department of the Government, with
the Army and Navy and purse of the nation at its
command. 1 infer this both from the manner in
which the members ofth is court have been selected,
and from the history of the first Dred Scott case.
The Lommon case, as it is familiarly called, but
which I designate the second Dred Scott case, has
been, as gentlemen are aware, carried up on ap-
peal by the authorities of the State of Virginia
from the supreme court of the State of New York
to the Supreme Court of the United States, and
presents a case exactly in point; and I doubt not
is prosecuted by Virginia for no other purpose
than to obtain another political decision from this
court to sustain their pro-slavery interpretation of
the Constitution, if this in not the case, why is the
decision of the New York court to be cained up for
levision, as the Stale of Virginia did not own the
slave liberated by Judge Payne; and Mr. Lem-
mon, 1 believe, was paid the full value of these
slaves by the cotton merchants of New York soon
after their liberation?
There can be but one motive for the action of
Virginia in the premises; and that is, to secure
another pro-slavery opinion from the Supreme
Court sustaining their interpretation of the Con-
stitution—an interpretation which even Mr. Cal-
houn never openly claimed, but which Ins dis-
ciples, emboldened by their success, now claim
to be the true one—namely: that slaveholders
have the right, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to go, not only into all the organized
Territories, but into any or all of the sovereign
States, with their slaves, and there have them
protected by the national Government in defiance
of the local laws of the State. It is my solemn,
deliberate conviction, that this clearly unconsti-
tutional claim will be sustained by the Supreme
Court if a President is elected this year by the
pro-slavery party of the country. And let me
ask gentlemen if such a decision is any more un-
likely to happen than the first Died Scott decis-
ion ? And does it not necessaiily follow, if the
Dred Scott decision is correct, that the decision
of the supreme court of the State of New York,
in the Lemmon case, is wiong?
Let us look at this point a moment. The Kan-
sas-Nebraska bills contained the germ from which
both these pro-slavery questions were dug up.
Both bills declared—
"That it is the ma; intent and meaning of this act notto
legislate slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it therefrom, but to leave the people thereof peifeetly free
to form and regulate their own domestic institutions in
their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States."
At the time the Kansas-Nebraska bills wore
under discussion, no person was able to discover
why the clause " not to legislate slavery into any
Territory or State, nor to exclude it therefrom,"
was inserted in said acts; and their distinguished
author from that day to this has never enlightened
the country on this point, although frequently
and urgently pressed to do so. The concluding
line of this extraordinary section, " subject only
to the Constitution of the United States,'"' was un-
derstood and denounced at the time as a cun-
ningly devised scheme for getting the political
question of the power of Congress over the sub-
ject of slavery in the Territories before the Su-
preme Court, which was now, for the first time in
the history of the Government, regarded as a par-
tisan tribunal, completely in the hands of the pro-
slavery party, who had selected a majority ofthe
judges for their well known sympathy with the
privileged class and their fidelity to the interest of
slavery.
The meaning of the words** not to legislate
slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude
it thcrefiom," was soon comprehended after the
presidential election of 1856, from the authorita-
tive interpretation given by the President and his
party to this apprirontly hai mless declaration, and
the subsequent action of the Supreme Court in
the Dred Scott case. About a year after the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, the Dred Scott
case is first heard of by the people, and an un-
pleasant apprehension immediately took posses-
sion of the public mind. Arguments were made
by counsel m the winter of 1855 and 1856, but the
decision was reserved. The presidential election
was approaching, and tins " august tribunal"
thought it prudent to defer their decision, and not
submit it to that higher, better, and safer court of
appeals, the people, so soon after its delivery.
They therefore reserved their opinions, and or-
dered the case to be reargued; and thus a year's
time was gained, which carried them over the
presidential election of 1856, and enabled the court
to know positively whether they could rely upon
the executive and legislative departments of the
Government to sustain and enforce their contem-
plated usurpation.
The Cincinnati convention in the mean time
had been held, and laid down the creed of the
party and nominated Mr. Buchanan. In this plat-
form, the southern members of the party under-
standing what" would be the probable action of the
court in the Dred Scott case, determined to aid
the com t in their contemplated decision, by giving
two interpretations to the Kansas-Nebraska act,
while claiming, authoritatively, to give but one.
The manner in which they did this was by resolv-
ing that the people of Kansas might determine for
themselves whether they would have slavery or
not, " whenever the number of inhabitants justi-
fied it." This was a mere play upon words, and
intended to deceive the people by permitting one
interpretation in the North and quite a different
one in the South, for the double purpose of polit-
ical effect during the presidential campaign. After
the election, if successful, they were to make a new
declaration as to its meaning, necessary in order
to harmonize the conflicting views of the party
leaders, and in order the more effectually to aid
in the pretended settlement of this " vexed ques-
tion." The public pledge of the party was every-
where cunningly secured in advance through all
the appliances known to this wonderful party or-
ganization, to abide by and sustain, as a final set-
tlement, the interpretation, whatever it might be,
that the Supreme Court would give to this plank
in the Cincinnati platform. "With this arrange-
ment, the slave powerfeltsafe and confident, after
having secured the election of Mr. Buchanan; and
as soon thereafter as they thought it expedient,
they openly, through the outgoing and incoming
Executives, and in the Halls of this Capitol,
claimed the extreme southern interpretation to
be the true one.
The true interpretation having been thus au-
thoritatively established by the court, and de-
clared to be that " the people of the Ten nones
should never have the power, while in a territo-
rial condition, to abolish or exclude slavery," the
abandonment of the deceptive and alluiing catch-
words of " popular sovereignty " became a neces-
sity with all who were members of the party
except a few who were denominated " rebels,'
or the undisguised demagogues who still remain
with the party. Mr. Buchanan, in his inaugural
openly sustained Calhoun's theory on this ques-
tion; and, in the Silliman letter, declared that sla-
