1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing yet to change my opinion about it. I shall
vote for the resolution.
The amendments were rejected.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. The idea of the committee, I
presume, is to restore Mr. DeGroot to the posi-
tion in which he would have been if lie had not
entered into this contract; but the joint resolution
gives him the right to claim damages for any
profits he might have lost. To exclude that, I
move, after the word "damages" in the thir-
teenth line, to insert "deprivation of profits not
included."
Mr. BROWN. I did not report this bill—it
came from my colleague on the committee, the
Senator from Maine—but I see no objection, so
far as I am concerned, to the amendment, except
that any amendment requires the resolution to go
back to the House of Representatives, where it
is exceedingly doubtful whether they will be able
to get it up. If the Government owes this man
anything, we ought to pay it at once; for his
property is under execution, and he is in great
distress. If the Government owes him nothing,
his property must be lost. If the Government
does owe him anything, I hope we shall not de-
lay paying it on a little idea of this sort. Oil the
18th we are to adjourn, and wc know the diffi-
culty of getting up these bills in the House in the ,
mean time. A member rises and says, "I ob-
ject," because he wants something else taken up.
Though it is a little matter that does not concern
anybody a great deal; yet, with the general con-
fusion there, with members struggling to keep
their own matters ahead, this little matter may
be overslaughed, and a citizen ruined. I do not
think there is anything in the amendment which
should induce the Senator from Louisiana to
press it.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think there is a better rea-
son for rejecting the amendment than that given
by the Senator from Mississippi. Itis, I under-
stand, the uniform rule of every Department to
adopt 'precisely the principle which the Senator
from Louisiana has laid down; and therefore lie
is only putting in what is now the rule of the
Department, and the effect is to defeat the joint
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I do not presume any Secre-
tary would construe it as the Senator from Louis-
iana seems to think.
Mr. HAMLIN. Of course not.
Mr. SLIDELL. This amendment is so rea-
sonable, if the joint resolution is really what it
professes to be in the report of the committee, that
1 cannot imagine that there will be any difficulty
in the House agreeing to it. Forty million bricks
were to be delivered, and, according to this report
of the committee, Mr. DeGroot estimates theprof-
its he would have made on those forty million
bricks at about three dollars and a half a thou-
sand. That would be $140,000 profit of which he
was deprived. I consider this amendment vital,
and 1 shall ask for the yeas and nays upon it. All
the Senators who advocate the passage of the joint
resolution assume that this is the purport of it.
I do not think it is; I think it admits of another
construction, and I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. This case was originally, two
yeais ago, I think, submitted to the consideration
of the Committee on Claims, of which l was a
member, and 1 then examined it as critically as
the papers before us would enable me to do. We
could not get the whole of the papers, because
they were in the office of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and when the committee called fin him
for them, he stated that he had not clerical force
enough to copy them for the use of the committee,
but that the committee were at liberty to go up to
the Treasury Department and examine them per-
sonally there, if t'hey chose. It was said that they
filled a common-sized trunk or a large box. It
was physically impossible, therefore, that I should
examine all the papers; but, as far as I went, I
satisfied myself that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury had not done justice to Mr. De Gioot, and
that we ought to have another settlement of his
case I may be wrong about that; but that was
the impression made on my mind. I do not now
recollect all the circumstances of the case, but I
remember that was the impression made on my
mind at the time of the examination. I thought
the case ought to be reexamined and readjusted.
I am willing, therefore, to vote for the House
resolution, which simply refers the case to the
Secretary of War, and authorizes him to reexam-
ine it, and allow the claimant what is due on prin-
ciples of equity and justice. I have no doubt that
the Secretary of War will do justice in the case.
I think he will protect the Government from any
imposition or fraud, and do justice to all parties.
I am willing to vote for the joint resolution as it
stands; and I cannot consent to jeopardize it by
an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
When Mr. Seward's name was called,
Mr. ICING said: I desire to state, in regard to
my colleague, though this vote is not an import-
ant one, that lie has been called away by a tele-
graphic dispatch to visit a relative in Canada who
is dangerously sick; and he has paired off, gen-
erally, with the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Hammond.]
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays 27;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Chesnut, Davis, Fitz-
patrick, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Latham. Mailory,
Polk, Powell. Slidell, Thomson, and Toombs—i'4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Iveison, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—37.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have another amendment
to offer. The Senator from Maine says that, ac-
cording to the usages of the Department, no claim
can, under this resolution, be entertained for dam-
ages. I have seen too many bills of this sort
passed, not to bo extremely doubtful as to the
amount of draft that may be made upon the Treas-
ury; and therefore I propose to limit the amount
that may be adjudged by the Secretary of War,
underthis joint resolution, to thecxtremeamount
that is claimed by Mr. De Groot himself. The
committee report that that sum is $42,336 33. I
move, therefore, in the fifteenth line, to insert:
" not to exceed the sum of $42,336 33."
Mr. CLARK. There is no evidence that any-
thing like that amount will be expected, but the
object is—no, I will not say the object is, but the
effect will be—to send this resolution back again
to the House, and delay it in some way. I hope
the amendment will not be made.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 shall vote for this amendment
for no other purpose but to put down this kind of
legislation. If I were to stand alone, I shallinsist
upon an adjournment rather than allow legislation
in this way. We can stay here as long as is neces-
sary for the public business; but when anything
is proposed to guard the psblic against improper
claims, we are told that we arc not to sanction it
for fear the bill may be lost in the other House.
Sir, I will listen to no such argument. If that is
to be the ground for voting for bad legislation, it
is time to break up this business. If the Senate
cannot bring to bear upon legislation its own in-
telligence and judgment, why act at all? It is a
strange idea, that if a matter is sent back to the
House of Representatives it cannot be acted on.
It has until the 4th of March next to be acted on.
It seems that this case has gone to every depart-
ment of the Government to which it could go, and
one of the high officers has decided against it; one
of the committees of this body sent it to the Court
of Claims, and now it is brought back here by
outside influence, and clamors are made against
sending it back to the House of Representatives.
That is the truth about it. -
Mr. CLARK. There is no desire or wish here
to prevent the Senate expressing its own judg-
ment. The question we submit to the Senate is,
whether tliey will send this matter back, by this
amendment, to defeat it. On that we want the
judgment of the Senate; and if it is necessary to
stay here to ask justice at the hands of the Sen-
ate, we are willing to stay. We have no desire
to forestall the judgment pf the Senate. We de-
sire it, and we ask it upon this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and iwys,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bragg, Cliesnut JDavis, Pitch,
Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hemphill, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Tennessee, Kennedy, Mailory, Mason, Nicholson;
Powell, Slidell, Thomson, and Toombs—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Lane, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out the proviso
at the end of the joint resolution. As that is
purely deceptive, as it is very well known that
this man was not a contractor; that all he could
have received was as agent or attorney of the con-
tractor; that in his own right he could receive
nothing; and as it is stated that he did receive in
that character of agent or attorney from the con-
tractor, but could not receive from the Secretary,
because his accounts could not be audited, he
being not known in the transaction officially, I
hope the proviso, which is merely illusory, will
be stricken out.
Mr. CLA.RK. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proviso
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, however, Tiiat there shall be deducted from
the losses, liabilities, and damages found due to him, tho
amount paid to him by the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi is to strike
out that proviso.
The question being put on tshe amendment,
there were sixteen ayes. >
Mr. FOSTER. I submit that the amendment
is rejected, a majority of a quorum not having
voted affirmatively.
Mr. BROWN. We do not know whether there
is a quorum present unless we count both sides.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question in the negative.
On the question being put there were nineteen
noes. So the amendment was rejected. _
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, and read the third time. On its passage, Mr.
SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays; and they
were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to take up the
time of the Senate; but from what I have under-
stood of it, it seems to me that this is a very dan-
gerous allowance that we are making. A con-
tractor here comes forward and claims damages
which he has incurred because an appropriation
bill did not pass. The claim has been referred to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who told me him-
self that he had devoted a great deal of time to
its investigation, and had pronounced against it.
Now, sir, to overrule him in the absence of any
testimony, anil on such a principle as that to refer
it to anotherDepartment, again to be adjudicated,
strikes me to be wrong. It seems to me that it is
a case for the Court of Claims. Let it go there,
and let us have the decision of those judges where
there arc counsel to protect the United States. I
hope it will not pass. #
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SLIDELL, when his name was called,
said: As I intend to have a vote on thisquestion
in a full Senate, I vote in the affirmative; and,
when it suits me, I shall move a reconsideration.
The call of the roll having been concluded, the
result was announced—yeas 28, nays 16; as fol-
lows : ,
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Brown, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessenden.
Fitch, Foster, Green,Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemp-
hill, Iverson, Lane, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin,Biagg, Chesnut,Davis, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Hunter, Johnson ot Tennessee, Kennedy,
Malloiy, Mason, Nicholson, Pdlk, Powell, Thomson, and
Toombs—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and I ask
for the present consideration of that motion, in
view of the notice filed by the Senator from Louis-
The motion to reconside^ was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS. 9
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The (text
House bill in order will be read,.
