1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18X1
How can we, then, here undertake to legislate
and interfere between these parties, who cannot
themselves agree? I do not think we can act un-
derstanding]/ upon the proposition, and there-
fore I oppose it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, to strike
out and insert.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the
vote taken first upon striking out. X will vote for
that.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, the motion is indivisible,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think the motion
includes entirely independentsubjects; and there-
fore I suppose they may be separated.
The CHAIRMAN. By congressional rules,
it is indivisible.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as that is concerned,
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio is not in
order.
- The CHAIRMAN. That question of order
has not been raised.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of Mr. Stanton was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I offer the following as a
substitute for the Senate amendment, section two:
Amend by striking out all after the enacting clause, in
secLlwn two of the Senate amendment, and inserting:
1 hat the E'resident of the Hinted States be, and he is
hereby, authorized, whenever in his judgment the exigen-
cies of the service may require it, to raise not exceeding
two additional regiments of cavalry, by withdrawing from
the existing regiments ol infantry, either by regiments, com-
panies, or individual officers, non-commissioned officers,
and puvutes, as many as may be necess iry to constitute
the cavalry legimentor regiments aforesaid, jvhich shall be
organized, armed and equipped, and placed in all respects
upon the same footing as the regiments of cavalry forming
part of the military establishment. And the President shall
also be authorized to reorganize the existing regiments of
infantry, and reduce the number of the regiments so as to
preserve and maintain the present organization of the in-
fantry regiments.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$797,047 50 be, and the same is hereby, appiopriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
earry into'effect the provisions of the preceding section.
I desire to say one word in explanation of the
substitute. There are two modes proposed for
converting the infantry into cavalry. One is to
take an entire regiment of infantry, officers and |
men, and mount them. The other is to scicct
from all the infantry regiments, either by com-
panies or individual officers, non-commissioned
officers, and privates, such as are best adapted to
cavalry service. My judgment is, that a much
more efficient regiment can be raised by authoriz-
ing the President, or the proper officer, to go into
all the existing regiments and select such com-
panies as have been raised in the rural districts,
the individuals of which have been accustomed to
horseback riding, and who would therefore require
less training than companies raised in cities. The
object of this amendment is to place it in the power
of the President to determine what mode he will
adopt, and to take whatever mode will be the most
speedy and the most efficient, whether by entire
regiments, or by companies, or by selecting in-
dividual officers, non-commissioned officers, and
privates, If the regiment is created by select-
ing companies or individuals, that will create, of
course, a necessity for reorganizing the ten in-
fantry regiments, and reducing them to eight.
I leave that whole matter, of determining the
mode in which it shall be carried out, to the Pres-
ident of the United States. I see no objection to
leaving it to him.
Mr. LONGNECKER. It is proper for me,
probably, as being a member of the Military Com-
mittee, and having, during the consideration of
this subject there, expressed my opinion in favor
of mounting two regiments of infantry, while in-
tending to vote against this amendment, that I
shall state the reasons why I shall do so, that I
may not be misunderstood, and that my action
•now may not appear inconsistent with my posi-
tion in committee. I am in favor of the proposi-
tion, which the gentleman said the Secretary of
War submitted in the form of a bill, to mount two
infantry regiments; but I am opposed to this
amendment, because itproposes to select, from the
different infantry regiments of the United States,
this force. I am of opinion that that would create
great dissatisfaction among the officers of the dif-
ferent regiments of infantry, and would, in effect,
entirely disorganize that arm of the service, by
breaking up the infantry companies, and separat-
ing officers from men that they have taken great
pains to bring to a proper state of discipline, and
transferring them toothers who had not performed
this labor and had this care.
Further, I consider it perfectly impracticable.
The various infantry regiments of the Army are
scattered all over the United States. Some o£
them are in Oregon, some in New Mexico, some
in California, some in Texas, and the rest scat-
tered throughout the other States and Territories.
This, therefore, would be a very expensive un-
dertaking, as the cost of transportation would be
enormous, and the time required to effect it so
long as to defeat the objects desired, to wit: im-
mediate protection to the frontier of Texas.
I should prefer, however, and this is the position
I took in committee, that we should designate the
regiments to be mounted, instead of leaving the
selection to the discretion of the President and Sec-
retary of War, and I should prefer to select from
the regiments of infantry already in Texas, or
those ordered and on their route there; inasmuch
as they could be more expeditiously mounted,and
the cost of double transportation avoided. Again,
in making this selection, those regiments should
be preferred whose officers have been educated at
the Military Academy at West Point, for the
reason that those officers have received instruc-
tion in cavalry tactics. I have understood that
the first infantry is now in Texas, orthe military,
department of Texas, and that the third infantry
has been ordered and is on its march from New
Mexico, to the seat of the disturbances com-
plained of. The great majority of the officers of
these regiments, I believe, are familiar with cav-
alry drill, while the men have had much experi-
ence in frontier life, having been on the plains and
amongst the Indians for many years, and doubt-
less from this service, having every opportunity
of becoming good horsemen, and certainly of be-
coming fully acquainted with Indian habits and
their mode of warfare.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair propounds to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] the
question, whether his amendment is designed to
embrace all of section two—the various Senate
amendments contained in that section?
Mr. STANTON. It is intended as a substitute
for all the rest of the Senate amendments, cover-
ing the entire proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Is it intended to include
the third section also ?
Mr. STANTON. It is intended to include the
second and third sections, and whatever is be-
hind them.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair would sug-
gest that the whole matter proposed to be stricken
out be read.
The Senate amendments proposed to be stricken
out were read by the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jhid, be it further enacted, That the following
sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Tieasury not otherwise appiopriated, for the
suppoit of one regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, au-
thorized by the act of Congress, approved April 7, 1858:
For legular supplies of the quartermasters} department:
fuel, forage, straw, and stationery, $100,000.
For incidental expanses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment: for blacksmiths' and shooing tools, horse and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel, horse medicines, picket-
ropes, shoeing horses, and miscellaneous, $5,000.
For transportation of supplies, transportation of clothing,
camp end garrison equipage, ordnance, subsistence, quar-
termaster's and medical stores ; for tbe purchase of mules,
and the puichaso and repair of wagons, and for the hire ot
teamsteis, $130,000. .
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, $o0,000.
For subsistence in kind {§76,466.
For pay of tbe vohinteeis, $333,979 33.
For arms and their appiopriate accoutermeats, (exclu-
sive of horse equipments,) $58,946 70.
Sec. 3. And be itfuithcr enacted, That the money hereby
appropriated, or any part thereof, shall not be withdrawn
fioni the Treasuty unless the President ol theUmed States
shall be of opinion that the e Agencies of the public service
ill Texas require the calling out of the regiment as aloresaid.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate:
Strike out the first paragraph of section two. and Insert In
lieu tlieieof the following:
beit further enacted, That the Army o. tbe tinted
State* be, and it is hereby, increased by the addition of one
legiment of cavalry, tlie ofiiceis and men to be subject tQ
the mles and articles of war, aiul to rcceive the spe pay,
emoluments, and allowance granted by law to the otuer
ic«iment3 of cavalry now in service ; and that it be organ-
ized. armed, atul equipped, in tiie same manner with the
cavalry regiments aloresaid; and that tiie following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the support
of the said additional icgiment cavalry.
Mr. Chairman, when Jerome Napoleon Bona-
parte was driven out of his kingdom of "Westpha-
lia, in giving an account of the disaster to tke
Emperor, he remarked that his cavalry, not being
accustomed to ride, were unhorsed at the first
charge. I very much fear that the cavalry of my,
friend from Ohio would be very likely to meet
with a similar fate. If we are to have cavalry, let
us have cavalry properly raised, recruited in the
proper districts, and properly mounted. Let us
have men that are not likely to fall out of their
saddles at the first charge. It would be very
unfortunate for them if such an accident were to
happen in the presence of the Camanclies—those
nomadic troops who are the best riders ©n the
continent—who would, perhaps, pick them up at
the point of their lanccs.
I think the amendment is in every way objec-
tionable. I believe there have been certain in-
timations on the other side of the House, (not
from members of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs,) that while they were opposed to raising
this Texas regiment, they were willing to increase
the Army. I believe we do need an additional
force. I think it is demonstrable that we have
not a* sufficient force to protect our vast frontiers,
and especially those that are subject to being over-
run by these nomadic tribes of Indians. I have
favored the amendment of the Senate raising this
Texas regiment, for the reason that I believe it
can be more readily raised than in any other
mode, and will answer the temporary purpose.
Still, 1 believe it would be preferable to have a
permanent increase to the regular Army of the
United States. Without further remark, I sub-
mit the amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. Irise to oppose the amendment.
1 wish to say that I do not think it necessary at
this time to increase the regular Army of the Uni ted
States, although X am in favor of an appropriation
giving the President of the United States the power
to call out these volunteers whenever he sees it
necessary for the protection of the people of Texas.
Now, it seems to me that the amendment of tho
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
; does really increase the Army two regiments,
i If I understand the reading of it, it would not
j only increase the force, but actually cause the
| reorganization of the whole infantry force. He
l goes to ten regiments of infantry and selects from
each for the purpose of making two regiments of
cavalry. And then, if I understand the reading
of the proposition, there is another clause in his
amendment which requires-that the infantry shall
still remain intact. I know that it is because he
has notmaturely considered his amendment. But
that is the proposition as it now stands. ^ I am
sure he does not want to have that provision re-
main in that shape. This amendment is one of
so much importance, that it should have had more
consideration and more deliberation in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs before it was brought
hero. It has not been so considered, but is thrust
into the Hall after having been hastily drawn up
by the honorable chairman himself. It is ob-
vious, from the remarks made by my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, that this amendment
has no kind of allusion to, and cannot act as, a
substitute for the proposed defense of Texas. It
would, of course, be absurd to go to all the vari-
ous regiments of infantry and try to make up a
force to repel an invasion which is now pending.
You cannot draw from the several infantry regi-
ments, scattered throughout the United States, the
requisite force to establish it in Texas in less than
eighteen months; and if that time transpires, it
could certainly be of no avail to the people of
Texas and serve no purpose this season.
The amendment of the honorable chairman of
committee is, therefore, it seems to me, entirely ir-
relevant. I can almost say that it should beover*
ruled, for the very reason that it is not germane
to the proposition now before the committee.
That proposition is to give immediate aid to the
people of Texas- And it must be apparent that
whenever you draw these troops from the difier-
eat regiments of infantry, and undertake to teach
them cavalry tactics, you will not make them avail-
able for the purpose designated.< I am decidedly
in favor of the general proposition of the chair-
man to sesure two or three regiments of cavalry,
