1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
or rather to transform infantry into cavalry; but
I aftrnot in favor of increasing the aggregate force
of the Army, and I presume he does not so intend.
" Certainly the proposition' brought forward by
the chairman of the;Committee on Military Affairs
will neither accommodate the, idea of defending
the Texan frontier, noranswer the purpose, which
the chairman desires, of converting your infantry
into cavalry or mounted dragoons.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can the gentleman
from Iowa tell me what it will cost to transfer the
troops from Utah to the frontiers of Texas?
•Mr. CURTIS. It will cost a great deal of
money, and require a great deal of time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will it not cost as
much as this whole regiment which the Senate
amendment proposes will cost?
Mr. CURTIS. I am, of course, in favor of
removing some of the troops from Utah; and I
understand they are now on the way to Texas,
but they will arrive there too late to protect the
people of Texas fr'om the Camanche Indians for
the present season.'
I am ,• therefore, against the amendment offered by
thegentletaanfrom Ohio,forthe reason thatitwill
not- answer the purpose for which it was intended.
The amendment offered by Mr. Hughes to the
amendment, was disagreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the substitute offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
by striking out " two " and inserting " one," so
as to provide for only one regiment.
_ I ain Satisfied that there ought to be an addi-
tional force of mountedmen. But,Mr. Chairman,
I desire to call the attention of the House to the
fact that, under the present arrangement of our
military force, and our infantry force especially,
the necessity of transferring large bodies of troops
from one section of the country to another, in-
volves, for themere cost of transportation, a larger
expenditure than the equipping and maintenance
of an additional force, to occupy permanent sta-
tions. For instance, if there be a regiment needed
for the border of the Rio Grande, and it remains in
a stationary position, the cost of the maintenance
of that regiment for a year will not be equivalent
tb the cost of transferring a regiment from Utah
to that quarter; so that in reality you actually
economize and diminish the public expenditure'by
adding to the permanent force of the Army.
I wish to present this view to the House, and
1 will state that I have offered this amendment
because I think there ought to be an addition to
the mounted force now in the service; and while
I am willing to give one regiment, on the princi-
ple proposed by the gentleman from Ohio, I also
desire to see a permanent addition to the Army,
believing thatitwould have the effect of producing
a" diminution in the expenditures of the Govern-
ment.
NoW, sir, I ask the question—and I have no
doubt but the sources of information at the com-
mand of the chairman of the Military Committee
will enable him to answer i.t without hesitation—
what will be the cost of transferring our troops
from Utah t© the Rio Grande? I venture to say
that the estimate will be found to exceed the cost
of maintaining a regiment for a year on the Rio
Grande; and yet, if difficulties should again spring
up in Utah, those two thousand troops would
have to be marched back again into Utah. Why,
then, should we not add another regiment to the
Army,and give it permanency of location ? Ifthe
stations are permanent in their character, only a
limited expenditure will be required for their sup-
port. I present these views, not because I have
any particular desire to see my particular amend-
ment adopted, but because I desire to see a judi-
cious and properamendment matured and carried
out, making provision for a permanent increase of
the Army, if there be no objection, I will with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to the withdrawal of
the gentleman's amendment; and my object is to
make one or'two remarks upon the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Military Committee. I oppose his amendment,
not -bccause I am not in favor of the general ob-
ject which he seeks to accomplish; not because I
would not like to see a regiment or two of in-
fantry changed into cavalry forces; but because
the whole proposition is gotten up in a hurry; and
it seems to me its effect will be to give the Presi-
dent greater power than the organization of two
new regiments. The amendment of the gentle-
man will give the President power to go into all the
regiments of infantry in the service and selectfrom
them persons—favorites—whom he may wish
to transfer from the infantry to the cavalry ser-
vice. All the officers and men will, of course,
desire to be included in the change, as everybody
desires to belong to the cavalry rather than the in-
fantry force: because, in the first place, the pay is
better,-and in the second place, there is opportu-
nity for more brilliant, more active, and more in-
teresting service. Yet, by this amendment, you
give the President or Secretary of War the priv-
ilege of going into the whole Army, and of select-
ing from it such favorites as he may wish to show
partiality to, to the prejudice of older officers, of
officers who have been in the service for fifteen
or twenty years. The War Department would
be immediately besieged, and the most officious
Would win. Oneof the greatest abuses andcauses
of complaint in the United States Army now, is
that everything goes by favoritism. Everything
like regular promotion, regular progression, for
long service, or valuable service, and honorable,
seems to be overlooked, and for bold independence
are substituted cringing and fawning.
Mr. Chairman, if anything could occur to pro-
mote such a system, and utterly demoralize and
distract the Army, it would be to adopt this amend-
ment, giving the Secretary power to select from the
rank and file of the regiments those he may think
the most pliant tools for party service. For such
special transfers every description of influence
will be brought to bear upon the part of the offi-
cers of the Army to obtain promotion, and party
friends would overwhelm and overpower your
Secretary of War. I tell you, Mr .Chairman, that a
greater evil to the Army could not be inflicted upon
it. Every company would be overhauled, and
every officer and every man would be up for change
and transfer. I therefore protest against, as far
worse than anything else, any proposition such as
the gentleman from Ohio proposes, for the reason
that it will disorganize the whole Army, and do
great injustice to the officers who are far from the
source of power, and who are not the objects of
favor or in positions to obtain the special advant-
ages such a system of intriguing would be likely
to secure to others.
I repeat, that I am in favor of having two or
three regiments of infantry changed to cavalry or
dragoons; but I, for one, will not encourage the
sort of promotion that has been going on for the
last few years, in which too much has been ac-
complished by favoritism, oversight, or oppres-
sion. I am for giving every officer in the Army
the position to which his rank and service entitle
him, according to long, well-established usage. I
know that it may be desirable, upon the part of
the President and War Department, to have the
opportunity of selecting from each regiment of
infantry such as they may desire to promote; but I
am notdisposed to place the indiscriminate power
contemplated in' this amendment in the hands of
the present Secretary of War, or any other Sec-
retary. I do not wish to see the officers placed in
a position so likely to induce a sacrifice of that
bold independence which is essentially necessary
to the bearing of a good soldier and an honorable
service.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was
disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I ask to modify the first
section of the amendment I have proposed. It
is suggested that the language is ambiguous, and
that it may be taken to authorize an increase of
the aggregate force. I modify that section by the
addition of these words:
And nothing herein contained shalt authorize any in-
crease in the military establishment; but the infantry regi-
ments shall be reduced to the same extent that the cavalry
regiments are increased.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to strike out the first
section.
Mr. Chairman, I know the impatience of the
committee to get through with this subject, and I
only rise to say a word. To adopt the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, is utterly to
deny to the people of Texas that protection which
they are entitled to, and which, therefore, they
have the right to expect. To adopt this proposi-
tion is to practice a ruse, and avoid a direct vote
upon the amendment of the Senate, which will
give us what we demand and what we ought to
have—protection of our frontier from the mur-
derous incursions of a merciless and sanguinary
savage foe.
Mr. STANTON. I hope, when the gentleman
says the substitute is a r se, he does not mean
that I am not sincere, and that I do not desire the
passage of my own proposition ?
Mr. REAGAN. That proposition has not re-
ceived the consideration it ought to have received.
Even if it is adopted, itwill not secure the purpose
for which it is stated that it is designed. I hope
that it will not be pressed in opposition to the
amendment of the Senate, which has a totally dif-
ferent object in view—the instant, the immediate
and efficient protection of the Texas frontier.
Mr. STANTON. I have no hesitation in say-
ing to the gentleman from Texas, as I have said
already, that I will, on a direct vote, cast my vote
against the proposition of the Senate. There is
no trouble about that. I do not want to deceive
anybody. I want it understood that I am op-
posed to the amendment, and that I am, in good
faith, in favor of my substitute. I believe that I
can succeed in passing through both branches of
Congress a proposition substantially such as that
I have submitted. I will tell the gentleman that
1 have talked the subject over with Colonel
Davis, the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, of the Senate, and with several of the
Army officers, as well as with the Secretary of
War; and, so far as I have been able to judge,
the proposition finds general favor as a perma-
nent mode of providing protection for the frontier.
I agree that I do not think that these regiments
can be organized in time to answer the purpose
for the Texas frontier this summer.
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. McRAE. I move to strike out the second
section of the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. Chairman, I only want to say a single word
I omittod to say this morning. It is in reference
to a conversation I have had with the Secretary
of War. The reason why the Secretary of War
prefers that this regiment of Texas volunteers
should now be raised is, the necessity is so imme-
diate and pressing for the protection of the Texas
frontier that that regiment could be raised in four
weeks, and put into active service; while to un-
dertake to raise a cavalry regiment in the regular
service, as proposed, would preclude that imme-
diate protection which is desired. I agree entirely
with the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Reagan]
that, outside of the serious objection to the prop-
osition of the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, it interferes with the various regi-
ments and companies of the regular troops, as
they now exist. These infantry regiments cannot
be mounted in any reasonable time; and, if they
could, they wouldi not be efficient.
I agree with the gentleman from Texas, that
that proposition defeats the entire object which
the State of Texas has in view, and which the
Secretary of War has in view, and which every
department of this Government ought to favor;
and that is, to secure immediate protection to our
citizens settled upon the frontier. It defeats that
entire object; and, although the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs has stated that he
has consulted with Colonel Davis, of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate, and the
Secretary of War and several Army officers, and
that they concur with him in the opinion that
these regiments of infantry ought to be mounted,
I would ask him whether they concur with him
that they ought to be mounted for this particular
emergency?
Mr. STANTON. They favor it as a general
permanent provision for frontier defense.
Mr. McRAE. Of course. I have said in com-
mittee, and I say now, that if this question comes
up with a view to making a permanent force of
that character, and it is recommended by the Sec-
retary of War, I will vote for the measure. I •
have no objection to vote for it as an independent
proposition; but that, Mr. Chairman, is not the
(juestion we have now before us. The question
is, whether this is an efficient force for this emer-
gency; and I take occasion to say, that neither
Colonel Davis, nor the Secretary of War, nor any
Army officer, will say that mounted troops raised
from infantry regiments will accomplish the object
that is sought by the raising of this regiment of
