1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70S
and which will require a reference of a resolution
directly to a committee. What I object to is, that
you should have to call the States and go through
all this trouble when only such matters can be in-
troduced as shall be so unobjectionable that not a
single member can be found upon either side of the
House to object to it. I will read the resolution
which was offered last session by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Craig.] It is as follows:
" Resolved, That the States be called, beginning where
the Speaker left off; and that upon such call, members may
introduce bills for reference only, of which previous notice
has been given, and resolutions for reference, to which no
objection shall be made; and that said bills shall not be
brought before the House by motions to reconsider."
Mr. HOUSTON. That resolution sustains me
fully.
Mr. GROW, What I propose to the House
is, so to modify this resolution as to let it stand as
it was when it was first offered, that bills and res-
olutions may be introduced for reference only, and
without debate. Then, when the States arc called,
gentlemen can introduce whatever they have to
finPi* for
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania accept that resolution of last session,
which he read a moment ago ?
Mr. GROW. X ask the unanimous consent of
the House to modify the resolution as I have in-
dicated. If consent is not given, then I ask for a
vote upon the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope the House will con-
sent to it.
Mr. GROW. If the Clerk will read the reso-
lution, I will indicate the precise modification I
desire.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: *
Resolved, That on Wednesday, at one o'clock, the
Speaker shall call the States, commencing with the State
ot Maine, and upon such call, members may introduce bills
ami resolutions, of which previous notice shall have been
given, tor reference only, and which will not give rise to
debate, and to which there is no objection.
Mr. GROW. My proposition is, to modify it
by introducing the words " aifd Territories "after
the word States;" and "three o'clock" instead
of" one o'clock," and omitting the words " and
which shall not give rise to debate, and to which
there is no objection."
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that. I am will-
ing to take the resolution which was introduced
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Cuaig] last
session.
Mr. GROW. If the House will not consent
to the modification, 1 shall tall the previous ques-
tion on the amendments I have indicated, so as
to have bills and resolutions to be introduced for
reference only. If the House shall vote it down,
of course I have only to submtt. I call the pre-
vious question upon the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
Mr. GROW. Now, I move to strike out and
insert the words I have indicated, so that the res-
olution shall read as follows:
Resolved, That 011 Wednesday, at three o'clock, the
Speaker bhall call the State* and Territories, commencing
with the State of Maine, and upon such call members may
intioduce bills and resolutions lor reference only.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will offer a resolution by way of a substi-
tute.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I desire that the reso-
lution shall be as I have moved to amend it, and
I call the previous question upon the amendments.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know what
the original resolution was; but that resolution,
as modified by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
proposes to do an impossible thing. It says the
States and Territories shall be called to-day at
one o'clock, and it is now past that hour.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania has changed the hour to three
o 'clock.
Mr. GROW. 1 withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment. If it meets the
sense of this House that this resolution shall take
effect to-morrow immediately after the reading of
the Journal- 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
Gentlemen have their bills and resolutions ready,
and are ready to adopt the resolution, and go to
work immediately. _ ;j
Mr. GROW. I threw out the suggestion to see i 1
whether it would meet the sense of the House. I
renew the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for a division of the
House upon the adoption of the amendment.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Buffinton and Noell.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—r
ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The resolution,as amended, was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States
and Territories for bills, of which previous notice
had been given, and for resolutions, commencing
with the State of Maine.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the House elect a Chaplain to-morrow,
at one o'clock.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have I a right to object to
that? If I have, I do object to it; and propose to
debate that resolution.
Mr. GROW. Under the special order, the reso-
lution must be referred to a committee without
debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine propose to have his resolution referred to
any committee?
Mr. FLORENCE. What committee does it
go to under the rules? We have no committee
to whom it can be referred.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have the floor, and I pro-
pose to object to the resolution.
Mr. FOSTER. I withdraw the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the resolution
being withdrawn. I have the floor, and I pro-
pose to debate it. The resolution is bound to go
over, under the rules of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. Under the resolution of the
House it is not in order for the gentleman from
Alabama to debate the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but the reso-
lution goes over so soon as I propose to debate it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is withdrawn,
and is not before the House
Mr. HOUSTON. I was on the floor, and the
gentleman from Maine could not withdraw his
resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman will
not withdraw it. Let us consider and pass it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was on the floor; and the
resolution, under my proposition to debate it, is
bound to go over und'T the rules of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us pubs it, and elect a
Chaplain.
The SPEAKER. The rules expressly declare
that any motion may be withdrawn before action
is had upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. But how could the gentle-
man withdraw it unless he had the floor ? I had
the floor, and he could not get it to do anything.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
had the floor, as I understand it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair had given me the
floor.
Mr. RUST. Is the gentleman from Alabama
in older or not 5
The SPEAKER. He is not jn order.
Mr. RUST. Very 2,ood.
•Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know from the
Chair whether the Chair gave mp the floor? If
the Chair assigned me the door, as I think he did,
then the gentleman from Maine could not take it
from me.
Mr. RUST. Does the gentleman appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair has made no de-
cision. I ask the Chair 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order 
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair  •
Mr. GROW. I am entitled to the floor to state
mv point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to have information
from the Chair, so that 1 can decide whether to
take an appeal or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is not before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to embarrass
the Chair or myself. A3i that I desire to know
is the state of the case, and I will conform !o
any decision which the Chair may make. 1 ask
whether the Chair assigned me the floor? If the
Chair says he did not, then* as a matter of course,
I am bound to take the word of the Chair, and to
acquiesce.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, if the Chair assigned
me the floor, howcouldany other gentleman with-
draw the resolution ? I occupied the floor, and
the gentleman could not get it to withdraw his
resolution, I being legitimately on the. floor.
The SPEAKER. As soon as the gentleman
from Maine indicated his desire to withdraw his
resolution, he had a right to withdraw it.
Mr. HOUSTON. How could he while I was
on the floor?
The SPEAKER, The Chair gave him that per-
mission.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; and the Chair can
do almost anything. I am •willing to excuse the
Chair.
TheSPEAKER. Nodebatcisrnorder. There
is 110 resolution before the House.
BINDING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. FOSTER offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on printing be instructed
to cause the binding of all documents to be bound under
their dnection, to be executed by the person or persons
who shall offer responsible proposals to execute the same
at the lowest rates.
LANDS S'OIt AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. MORRILL introduced a bill donating pub-
lic lands to the several States which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PUNISHMENT OF POLYGAMY.
Mr. MORRILL also introduced abill to punish
and prevent the practice of polygamy in the Ter-
ritories of the United State's antl other places, and
disapproving and annulling certain acts of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, i ask that that bill
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. REAGAN/ The motion comes too late.
The bill has been referred, and to the right com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The motion comes too late.
The bill has been referred.
GEORGE P. MARSII.
Mr. BOYCE introduced a bill for the relief of
George P. Marsh; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
MESSAGE FHOM TIIE SENATE,
A message was received fromjthc Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had receded from their amend-
ment disagreed to by the House tu the Post Office
deficiency bill.
• ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on "^En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled 4,Aai act
(H. R. No. 1) making appropriations to defray
the deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859, and in part
for the support of the Post Office Department for
the year ending the 30th of June, I860;" when the
Speaker signed the same.
ADULTERATION OF TEAS.
Mr. WALTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is ch.u<:<:d in the China Overland Trade Re-
porter, of November 19, ItGO, that poisons in China have
been in the habit of exporting as tea to the United States
substances, tome of which aie ot a deadly naune, and others
calculated to bring on most fearful di.-ordeiv i  the human
fiame: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expedience of preventing the
impoitation ot adulterated 01 spurious iea& ; and report by
bill or otherwise.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. These teas are not
imported. They are crossed. [Laughter.]
FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. RURLINGAME introduced a bill for the
