I860.]
appendix to the congressional globe.1
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr, Ashley.
Ho. off eseps
insisted on, that, by our votes and acts hero, we
shall conform the legislation of the country to this
political decision, without regard to what may
have been the action of the Government or the
opinions entertained by the leading statesmen of
the past and present day upon this question.
Thus, sir, if this theory is to be acquicsced in by
the country, all individual icsponsibiiity in the
Government ceases; and I must swear, and every
officer of thcGovemment must swear, to support
the Constitution, not as I or they may understand
it, but as a majority of the nine men who com-
pose the Supreme Courtunderstand and interpret
it for us. And this, sir, is called Democracy in
the year of grace 1860!
Sir, this kind of Democracy I repudiate; and
appeal to the common sense of every man, and
the record of our fathers, to prove that it is a spu-
rious species of Democracy.
oir, when I took an oath to support the Consti-
tution, 1 swore to support it as i understand it,
and not as a majority of the Supreme Court may
understand it, or any other number of men, indi-
vidually or collectively. On this point, I believe
the Supreme Court lias no more light to control
the action of members of Congress than Congiess
has the right to interfere with and dictate a de-
cision in any case before that tiibunal for adjudi-
cation.
In Colonel Benton's introductory note to his
examination of the Dred Scott case, he uses the
following language, which I fully indorse:
" Congress holds n> powers from the Constitution, whore
every giant of authority is preceded by tne word.*, 'shall
have power to,' and to the support of which the member*
a:e *woru. The grunt ot pow er is m tiie Constitution, and
the oatli is to the Constitution ; and it i< wiitten, that its
words, always the same, may he always seen, and 110 ex-
cure toi disregarding them. The duty of the mciubei. hi*
allegiance, his fealty, is to th<> Constitution; and m per-
foimanee of Uu* duty, m the diseliaige or' tins allegiance,
m the keeping of Un> tealty, he mu>r be governed by the
words of the instiument, and by the dictates ot his own
conscience. The niembei may enlighten himself, and
should, with counsel* of other* ;~buta:> authority, a^ a rule
ot'obligation, a guide to conduct, the. Constitution and
(beoath alone can govern; ami wei e it otbei wise, were Con-
gress to look to judicial lntei pretation foi its poweis it
would soon cea-e to have any fixed lules to go by; would
goon have; a<i many diverse interpretations a-, difleront
courts; and, like the Holy ^cr.ptures in the hands of coun-
cils and commentators, would soon cease to be what its
trainers made it.
''The power of the const is judicial—so declared in the
Constitution, and so held m theory, if not in practice. It
is limited to oases * ni law and equity and though some-
times encroaching upon political subjects, it is without
right, without author.ty, and without the means ofeniorc-
i'jgit-5 decwom. It can issue no inandumus to Cons re-s
<i the people, nor punish them loi di^iegardmg its dccis
ions or even attacking them F:u fiom being h.nuid by
their decisions. Commas may pioceed ctnninallj against the
judges toi m.ik.ng them, when deemederiininally wiong—
one Hou*c impeach ami the otiiei try, a> done in the lamous
case ofJudge Cha e.
" In attuning to decide these questions, [constitution-
ahtv of the Minsoun compromise, it i~> heheve.d the
eouit commuted two great errors : first, m the assumption
to try such questions ; secondly, in deciding them as they
did. And it is certain that the decisions are contrary to
the uniform action ot all depaitments ot the Government,
one of them lor thnty-six years, and the other for seventy
year ; and in their effect-* upon cacli are equivalent to an
alteration of the Constitution, by inscniin; new e!au>es in
it, winch could not have been put in it at the time that in-
strument was made, oi at any time since, or now.1'
As long ago as when a bill for the organization
of the Territory of Oregon was under considera-
tion in the Senate of the United States, an attempt
was made to get this political question of the
power of Congress over the subject of slavery in
the Territories in shape, so that at the proper time
(that is, when the court was so constituted as to
suit the slave power) it could be earned up on
an agreed case, and decided as the Dred Scott
case was.
Hon. John Bell, then a Senator of the United
States from Tennessee, opposed the bill, and de-
clared " that the court was the weakest of the
three coordinate branches of the Government—
too weak to command obedience, or to settle such
questions; and he drew the inference that a decis-
ion of it before a tribunal so feeble might break
down the court, while it failed to satisfy the public
mind." The result of t)ie action of the Supreme
Court in the Dred Scott case testifies how just and
wise were the conclusions of that distinguished
Senator.
General Jackson, in his message returning the
bill for the recharter of the Bank of the United
States, replies, in the following Well-timed re-
: marks, to the claim then set up,that, as the Supreme
: Court had decided the constitutionality of a sim-
iiar charter creating this same bank, it was the
duty of Congress and the Executive to acquiesce
in that decision:
(i If the opinion ot the Supreme Court coveted the whole
ground of this act, it ought not to control the co uHnate
authorities ot this* Government. The Congress, the Exec-
utive, and the coui t. must, each for itself, be guided by its
own opinion ot the Constitution. Kach public officer, who
takes an oath to suppoit the Con*titution, sweats that he
will support it as he understand ? if, and not as it is under-
stood by others. It is as much the duty of the Hou>e of
Representatives, of the Senate, and or the President, to de-
cide upon the constitutionality of any bill or resolution
which may be pi evented to them for passage oi appiovai,
as it is of the supreme judges, when it may be biought be-
lore them for judicial decision. The opinion ot' the judges
has no more authority over Congress than the opinion"of
Congress ovei the judges ; and, on that point, the Presi-
dent is independent ot both. The authouty ot the Supreme
Court must not, theiefore, be permitted to contiol the Con-
gress or the Executive when acting in their legislative
capacities, but to have only Mich influence a« tne force of
then icaboiun" may deceive.
Such, sir, were the opinions of two of the most j
illustrious Democratic statesmen of the past gen- I
oration on this question of the power of one de- j
partment of the Government to bind or contiol by
any decision of theirs the action of any other co- I
ordinate department, or of any member thereof.
These opinions were entertained by nearly ail the
loading statesmen until the slave power obtained
complete ascendency in the Government; and by
no one were they more distinctly and fully main-
tained than by the present Chief Magistrate, as j;
will be seen by thefollowingextractfrom a speech j!
delivered by him in the Senate of the United States, ;]
on the 7th of July, 1841, which may he found in |i
the Unth volume of the Congressional Globe, No. ]<
3, page 1g3: ij
" Rut even if t!i<? judiciary had fettled the question, 1 !i
should never ho'd my*eif bound bv their decision whilst j«
acting in a legislative ehaiacter. IJnhkethe .Senator lioin ji
Mav.u hnseti-, [Mr Rates,] i blntli uuvor consent to plat*'* 1'
the political I'ighl-- and I,hemes ot this people m the hand'. |!
ot any judicial tiibunal. it wa*, tbeicforo, with the utmost \\
astoni-bmcnt I heard the Senatoi declare, that he consul- 1
eied the expositions of tne Con--Utut.on bv the jud Cia;y to 'j
be ( quailv binding upon us as the expositions ot the moial ji
law by the Savioui ot mankind, contained in the Go-"p"ls ji
were upon Christians; and that these judicial expositions !i
were of equal authority with the text of the Constitution, i
This, sir, is an infall.bility which wa> never before churned j!
for any human tribunal; an infallibility which would con |i
vert fieemeii into abject* lave:?; an infallibility which would ij
have rendered the famous sedition law as. sacred as the ji
Constitution itself, the judiciary having deenicd tins law j|
to be constitutional ; and winch would thus have amnlu- I;
latcd, thioughoul the whole extent ot this 1'nion, the lib- ii
em of the press anil the freedom of speech. No, sir, no: it i,
is not the genius oi our institutions to consider mortal men j;
as infallible. j,
" No man holds in higher estimation than I do the mem- !'
oi y of Chief Justice : but] should never have eon- ]\
tented to make even Inrn the llnal aibiter between tin- Gov '
eminent and people of this countiyon questions of con-ti- •!
tutional hbeity Tl 5 experience of ail ages and count: les
has deiuonstiated that judge.- insrinctivcl> lean towaidn the !;
prerogatives of Government; and it U notonou- that the j'
court, dining the whole period which he presided over it, ij
embracing so many year-? ot U3 existence, ha; inclined to- ji
waids* the highest assertion of Federal p. wer. That this \<
has been done honestly and con-eicntiotiMj, I entntam j!
not a doubt.-" i|
Sir, if the political opinions of a majority of the '
Supreme Court in this Dred Scott case are to as- ^
sumo the form of a decree, and be "irrevocable," \\
as is claimed by the President m his annual nies- •
sa^e, and all future political decrees of this tribu-
nal are also to be " irrevocable" and binding
upon the Democratic party, as is claimed by the
leaders of this party, and this monsti ous assump-
tion of the slave power is to be acquiesced in and
sustained hythc people, in the election of another
pro-slaveiy President, then, indeed, will the rev-
olution inaugurated by Mr. Calhoun, less than
twenty-five years ago, be complete. There will
then no longer be either free Territories or free
States in the American Union, but every State
and every Territory, so far as the action'of the
national Go\eminent can decree it, will be conse-
crated to the everlasting cutse of human bondage.
Now, sir, as to the propriety of intiustmg this
judicial department of the Government with the
powers claimed for it hy I ho present Administra-
tion party. On this point 1 prefer to quote from
the speeches and writings of some of the most
distinguished men who aided in the formation of
the Government.
John Randolph, of Roanoke, said:
♦< To me it appears that the power which has tbe right ol
passing, without appeal, on the validity of vour laws, is
youi sovereign.* * * «Rut aVeweVidt"
as deeply interested in the tjue exposition of the Constitu-
tion as the judges can be? With all diic deference to,t{iei<.
talents, is not Congress as capable of formint' a correct opm-'
ion as they are? Are not its member^ ty'hug tintler.a.'ie-"
possibility to public opinion, which can and' Will chp^K
their aberration* from duty ? Let a ease, ny't an imaginary"
one, be stated: Congress violates t,he Constitution l)y f<4t~'
teriug the pre s; the judicial corrective is ap^ied to ;
fiom protecting the hbeity of the citizen, or the letter'.of'
the Constitution, jou tind them outdoing thrv LeglslatiVrd
in zeal; pressing the common law of England io^fheif.
service wnere tiie sedition law did not apply. Suppose
your reliauco had been altogether on this broken stafij and
not on the clecuve principle: your press migiit have, l e«ri
enchained till doom- day, your citizens incarcerated for fif««
and when- is >onr lemedyr^ 5
Joseph H. Nicholson, of Maryland, said;'. *
u By what authority aie the jud^e?. to be raited above
the law and above the Constitution ? When) is the charter
which places the sovereignty oi this country in their hands?
Give them the powers and the independence now contended
for, and they will reqn.re nothing mote ; for jour Govern-
ment becomes ;i despotism, and they become your rulers.
They are to decide upon the live, the liberties,-and the*
piopertv of youi emzen*; ttiey Dave an ab-olute veto upon
your law.-, hy deeUiung them null and void at pleasure;
they aie to introduce at will the laws of a foreign country,
differing essentially with u*upon the great pr.neiples of
goveinnr-nt, and, after b ung clothed with this arbitrary'
power, they aie beyond the contiol of the nation, as th^jr
are not to be aft'eetedhyanylaws winch the people by Hieir
lepresenTatixx^can pass, if all this he true, if tins doctrine
be established in the extent which is now contended for,
the Constitution H not woith the tnne we are now t-petid-
ing upon it. it is, a-: it has been called by it* «*nemie^,;
mote p.iH-hment; foi tlie^e judges, tbti«? rendered oinnfpe-
tent, may oveileap the Constitution, am! trartipl" on your
laws; they may laugh the Legislature to'scorn,and set the-
nation at defiance.
"To me, it i* a matter of indiiferrnee by what name you
call them ; 1 caie not whether it be oi judge*. Arm
them with powei, and the dan ei i-s the same For myself,
I Iruo no lieMt.mon in deel.uthat I would rather bo
subject to tiie absolute --wav of one tyrant than to that of
thnty; as I would pielerthe mild de.-pou>m of China to
the hated autocracy oi Venice, where the vilest wrctch
w.i ? encouraijed as n secret mfouner, and the lion's mouth
was ever gaping for accusation.
Robert Wilhnms, of North Carolina, said: :
11 If tliH doctrine is to extend to the length gentlemen,
contend, then is the f-ovoreignty of the Government to be
swallowed up in tiie vortex of the judiciary. Whatever
the other duparrjneuts of the Government may do, thoy-
can undo. You may pa.«s a law, hut they can anuol
Will not the people be astonished to hear that their laws
depend upon the will of the judges, who are themselves
independent of all law 5,1
Nathaniel Macon, of North Carolina, on the
same day, said :
'• Aecouhng to some gentlemen, we were to regard the
judieiaiy moie than the law, and both more than the Con-
ftttution. It was a misfortune the judges wete not equal
in infallibility to the God who made them. The tiuth waa,
if the judge was a paitv man out of powei, he would be a
party man in. The othce would not change human na-
ture.*'
In the Elouse of Representatives, Thomas T.
Davis, of Kentucky, said:
" { found my opinion of the expediency of repealing the
judicial > law on another reason in addition to that of the
couits being unncee^ary: i mean the pown they declare
they iiave, m the language of Judge Patterson, to ' declare
alaw null and void ' Never can I sub-cribe to thtit opin-
ion. Nevei can 1 beheve the judiciary paiamount to both
branches of the Legislature; u it i^, 1 have \et to learn it;
theie is an end to legislation ; a knave oi a iool can make
\otd join bc*t and mo^t wholesome laws.'" *" * *
•' I am willing to admit the jndiciarv tobeeo rdmate with
rli'i L"g^lature m tins rt^pcct, to vv.t: that judges, think-
in<_' a law uncor^titutional, are not bound to execute it;
but not to deelaie it null and void. That power rests alone
with the Legislature. But we are told this judiciary is ne-
ces.-.uy to < heck tin i House and Senate, and to protect the
people against their worst enemies. This b saying to the
people, you are incapable of governing yourselves; your
liepYe&'emativesare incapable of doing it; in the judieiaiy
aloi.o \ ou lind a s afe deposit for youi fibertie*. • and saying,
aho, that the judieiaiy i< the vitals of the nation, wherein
all power, all t-alefy dwell; that the Lea.ftiatuie is j-ubor-
diuate thereto, and a mere nomaial thing, a sliadow with-
out subs-tance, it^ acts peifectly within the control of the
judiciary. I tremble at .such ideas. The sooner we put
men out of powei, whom we find determined to act in this
manner, tb'- bettei; by doing >-o. we pre^eive the power of
tin* Legislature, and >avc ou« nation irom the ravages of an
uncontrolled judiciary.55
Mr. Grayson, one of the b«st and ablest men
in the old Republican party in the days of Jef-
ferson, said, in speaking of the claim set up by
the Federalist foi the supreme power and purity
of this court, that—
u .Such had been the argument in all countries where a
concession of power had been in agitation. But that power
ought to have such checks and balances as will prevent
had men from abu-ing it. It ou^ht lo be gianted on a sup-
position that men will be bad, for it may eventually be «o.
With respect to the judiciary, my grand objection is that
it will interfere with the State judiciaries; there being no
