1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
ported the bill myself, 1 am not fully satisfied as
to the principle involved,and I would suggest the
postponement of the bill until Friday next.
Mr. BAYARD. It is only the principle I am
opposed to.
Mr. FOOT. I move to postpone the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES H. MASON.
The bill (H. R. No. 189) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the estate of Charles H.
Mason, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to the heirs
or legal representatives of the estate of Charles
H. Mason, late secretary of the Territory of
Washington, the difference between the salary of
the Governor of that Territory and the secretary,
during the time that the Governor was absent from
the Territory by permission of the President, and
« thedutiesofGovernorwere discharged by Mason.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GREEN. I propose to change the title of
the bill by inserting the words, "heirs or," be-
fore, " the legal representatives." There is rea-
son for it. This conforms to the body of the bill.
The title-was so amended.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MASON. The Senate is manifestly be-
coming thin, and I feel it incumbent on me to
move an executive session now.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator will allow us
to go on with these bills a little while longer. At
four o 'clock I shall not object to the motion.
Mr. MASON. I would withdraw it with pleas-
ure until that time, but the Senate is becoming
thin.
Mr. POLK. I trust the Senator will withdraw
the motion until four o'clock. [" Oh, yes!"]
Mr. MASON. Very well; in deference to the
Senate, I shall wait.
JONATHAN SKINNER.
The bill (H. R No. 430) for the relief of the
heirs of Jonathan Skinner, deceased, was declared
to be the next bill in order. By it, the Secretary
of the Treasury will be directed to pay toSerepta
Cleveland and the other heirs of Jonathan Skin-
ner, deceased, late of New Jersey, the sum of
§875, in full consideration for the destruction of
his dwelling-house and other property destroyed
by the British troops while in the actual military
occupancy of the United States troops, at Spring-
field, New Jersey, during the war of the Revolu-
tion. . •
Mr. BRAGG. Is there a report in that case?
Mr. LANE. 1 move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill for the present. The
reading of the report will consume time. Let us
act on cases that will not cause trouble.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
The bill (H. R. No. 231) for the relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York, was announced
as next in order. It proposes to appropriate
§17,743 77, to be paid to Isaac S. Smith, for his
work and labor bestowed, for materials furnished,
and for expenses incurred,in attempting to build
for the United States a light-house on the Horse-
shoe reef, in the Niagara river, near Fort Erie, in
the Province of Canada.
Mr. LANE. I do not understand that bill, and
I think we have not time to consider it now. I
therefore move to postpone it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope it will not be post-
poned. 1 think, if the report is read, the Senator
will be satisfied.
Mr. HUNTER. If we are to act on it, the re-
port ought to be read.
Mr. LANE. I want it to go over.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to its
going over.
Mr. KANE. "We shall have a better chance
to cor> ,der it another time.
M. SIMMONS. I ask that the report be read
no* .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
postpone is pending.
Mr. HALE. It is in order to have the report
read under that motion.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The report will
be read if the Secretary can find it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps the case had bettew
be passed over for the present, until the Secretary
can get the papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over informally, if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none.
STATE Of MISSOURI.
The bill (H. R. No. 130) to pay to the State
of Missouri the amount expended by said State
in repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for paying to the State of Missouri
the sum of §19,084 88, being the amount of money
expended by that State in repelling the invasion
of the Osage Indians in 1837.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL R. CLAKK.
The bill (H. R. No. 396) for the relief of
Michael R. Clark having been reported upon ad-
versely, was, at the suggestion of Mr. Foot, or-
dered to lie on the table.
CHARLES W. BROOKS.
The bill (H.R.No.214) for the relief ofCharles
W. Brooks, of New York, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for placing
the name of Charles W. Brooks, of the State of
New York, oo the invalid pension roll, at the rate
of eight dollars per month; from the 1st day of
January, 1860, to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had supplied the clerical omission m the
bill (H. R. No. 501) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861, and that he
was directed to return the bill to the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Themessage furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith
& Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio; and
A bill (H. R. No. 764) to change the times for
holding the terms of the district courtof the Uni-
ted States for the northern district of Alabama.
JOIIN A. IIOPPER.
The bill (H. R. No. 363) for the relief of the
heirs of Captain John A. Hopper was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
paying to Rachel Yclvcrton, Catherine Elting,
Maria Zabriskie, and Sally Burhans, children of
Captain John A. Hopper, deceased, late of New
Jersey, the sum of §2,000, in full consideration
for the destruction of the dwelling-house and other
property of Hopper by the British, while the
houses were in the actual military occupancy of
the troops of. the United States, under the com-
mandofMajorBoyles, in the revolutionary war.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 believe we just now postponed
a bill precisely similar to this, in the very same
words, and for the same purpose; and I move,
therefore, that this be postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered the judgment of the Senate, unless it
be objected to. .
Mr. DURKEE. I object to it. It is a very
good case. I will say to the Senator from North
Carolina, that I examined it, and I found that it
is a case where private property was destroyed
because of its occupancy by troops of the United
States. ...
Mr. BRAGG. It is a very old case, and it in-
volves another principle—the destruction of per-
sonal property, respecting which it has been a
mooted point, I believe, ever since we have been
a Government, whether we are bound W pay for
it. There are heavy cases now pending from
Maryland,in relation to certain tobacco; andother
matters have been brought before the committees
at this session which have been reported on ad-
versely by the committees always.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOHN MADDEN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced the
next bill in order to be the bill (H. R. No. ~;0)
granting a pension to JohftM&dden,of Claiborti,
Tennessee. ' .
Mr. FOOT. There is an adverse report in that
case. Let it lie on the table. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued.
ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. ; - ~
The bill (H. R. No. 600) for the relief Of the
children and heirs of Alexander Montgomery,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to. pay to the child or children and heirs-at-law
of Alexander Montgomery, late a private in the
revolutionary war, the amount due Montgomery
under a pension certificate issued by the Pension
Office to him, which has not been paid to the
child or children or heirs-at-law, by reason of
the death of Montgomery a short time before the
issue of the certificate.
The bill was reported to the Senate and ordered
to a third reading.
Mr. BRAGG. What is that bill ?
Mr. LANE. Let it be read again ;"I did,not
hear it.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to have an ex-
planation of it. I want the report read.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to object to the
passage of the bill, but I think it had better be
amended. The first clause directs payment to the
"child or children and heirs-at-law. I think that
would require, of course, that they must be chil-
dren and heirs-at-law. The second clause refers
to the " children or heirs-at-law." If the inten-
tion is to pay to collateral heirs, it had better be
so expressed; otherwise there will be a difficulty
in the construction of the bill. The word "and"
is inapplicable in the one case if the word " or"
is intended in the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been ordered to a third reading, it cannot be
amended now; but the Senator can move to re-
consider the vote ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. BAYARD. I move a reconsideration,
because it certainly ought to be amended. It is
obscure as it stands.
Mr. 1VERSON. I have not looked particu-
larly into this case, but I think I can explain it to
the Senate. I understand the case to be simply
this: a pension certificate was issued to this man
Montgomery, but it was not issued until a short
time after his death. He died before the certifi-
cate was actually issued. Of course it is a debt
due by the Government, and it is proposed now
to let his children have it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Delaware,
to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to a third
reading.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not desire to oppose the
bill, but I want to put it right. There certainly
must be some mistake about the time of Mr.
Montgomery's death. The bill itself states that
he (lied before the pension certificate issued. I
am always in favor of making a very liberal al-
lowance in reference to revolutionary claims, more
so than with other classes of claims; and I would
probably allow them on more inadequate proof
than any other class of cases. I do  ot desire to
obstruct the passage of the bill; but it is obscure
as it stands. As I read the bill, if there were no
children, it creates a difficulty in any payment.
If it is the intention of Congress that the money-
shall be paid to the collateral heirs-at-law, I think,
it ought to be altered in that respect, though I
think it would be wiser to confine the payment to
the lineal heirs, because that is the extent of the
obligation. .
Mr. DURKEE. I will state, for tlic informa-
tion of the Senate, that the bill was accompanied
by a statement from the Secretary of the Interior,
certifying the fact that the papers were made out;
but it was afterwards ascertained that this man
died five days before the papers were executed;
and the heirs now only come in and ask that the
money shall be paid to them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the report
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that Alexander Montgomery , who was
a private in the revolutionary war,mnde applica-
tion for the benefit of the law of 183^2, and fur-
