1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL—AGAIN.
: Mr. JUNKIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the. Sen-
ate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. On that I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avory, Barr, Barrett, Bonhara, Boteler, Boyce, Brabson,
Briggs, Bristow, Carter, Horace F. Clark, Cobb, Cooper,
Cox, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, John G. Davis, De Jar-
nette, Etheridge, Florence, Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton,
John T. Harris, Hatton, llawkins, Holman, Houston,
Howard, Hughes, Jones, Landrum, James M. Leach,
Leake, Love, Maclay, Chailes D. Martin, Maynard, Mc-
Rae, Miles, Millson, Sydenham Moore, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Nooll, Pendleton,
Pbelps, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, JamesC. Robinson, Kuffin,
Rust, Schwartz, Scott, Simms, Singleton, William Smith,
William N. H. Smith, Stall worth, Stevenson, Taylor,
Thomas, VaR«e,. and winslow—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Wil-
llamC. Anderson, Ashley, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
Buffintoxij Burlingame, Burnbam, Butterfield, Campbell,
Carey, Colfax, Conkling, Covode, Dawes, Delano, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Farnsworth, Foster, Frank,
Gooeli, GurJey, Ileimiek, Hoard, Humphrey, Ifutchins,
Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kenyon, Kilgore, Killinger, Lee, Longnecker, Loomis,
Marston,McKean,McKnigbt, McPhcrson,MiIlward, Moor-
head, Morse, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Rice, Christopher Rob-
inson, Royce, Scrantori, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stevens, Stokes, Tappan, TUeaker, Tomp-
kins, Vandever, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Israel Washburn,Wells,Wilson,Wmdom, and Wood-
ruff—76.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
PROPOSED RECESS.
Mr. BONHAM. I call for the regular order of
business. It is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
the question before the House, and must be dis-
posed of.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
.Mr. WINSLOW. I suggest that the motion
to adjourn be withdrawn for the present in defer-
cncc to the gentleman from South Carolina, who
wishes to bring forward his proposition.
Mr. HAMILTON. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
Mr. BONHAM. I call for the resolution sub-
mitted last evening before the House adjourned.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to know
whether that is the regular order of business, and
whether the motion to reconsider the vote just
taken is not the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
has been waived for the present, to give the gen-
tleman from South Carolina the opportunity to
present his proposition.
Mr. SEDGWICK. The motion to adjourn
was waived, but not the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CONKLING. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BONHAM. I have the floor. I call up
the resolution offered yesterday.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Revived, That when this House adjourns on Friday
next, it stand adjourned till Monday, the 30th of April, in-
stant, and that a message be sent to the Senate asking its
consent thereto.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay that
resolution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,] who
was in the chair last evening, dccided that this
was a privileged question. From that decision
there was an appeal taken by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] and the question be-
fore the House is on that appeal.
Mr. BONHAM. I move to lay that appeal on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that
motion 1 call for the yeas and nays; for this is a
very important proposition to be settled, and if
it should be settled that this is a privileged ques-
tion, then we overrule the practice of the House
from the foundation of the Government down to
the present moment. [Calls to order.] Not a
single precedent can be found where this was de-
cided to be a privileged question.
-Several Members objected to debate.
The SPEAKER. It is proper that the Chair
should state that the decision made by the tempo-
rary Speaker yesterday, was in accordance with
decisions made by the Chair recently, on two oc-
casions; which action was conformed to by the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair, and of the House, to thefactthat the
Speaker of the House had, on two different occa-
sions, entertained the proposition which I enter-
tained yesterday, that this was a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
.Mr. PHELPS. As I was occupying the chair
temporarily, by the courtesy of the Speaker, it
was proper that I should conform my decisions
to the ruling of the Chair, and particularly as the
House had, on two different occasions, concurred
in that ruling.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to have
the gentleman from Missouri state to the House
what his own opinion is with reference to this
point.
Mr. PHELPS. I am ready to state it.
Mr. COX and others objected.
Mr. ADRA1N. I object to any debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call for the yeas andnays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr. Bon-
ham's resolution,
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. HOARD. On that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to gentlemen on the
other side of the House t  let us take a vote on
the adoption of the resolution. They will accom-
plish their purpose just as well that way as by the
motion to lay on the table.
Objection was made.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Allen, Alley, William C. Andeison, Ashley, Avery,
Barr, Bingham, Blair, Biayton, Bug}?#, Buftinton, Builm-
gamo, Burnham, Butterfield, Campbell, Cobb, Colfax,
Conklingr, Covode, Curiy, Dawes, Dunn, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Foster, Frank, Gartrell, Gooch, GurJey, John T.
Harris, Hatton, Hclmick, Hoard, Houston, Howard, Hum-
phrey, Hutehins, Irvine, Jones, Francis VV. Kellogg, Kil-
gore, Killinger, James M. Loach, Lee, Longnecker,
Loomis, Chailes D. Martin, McKeau, MePhcrson, Miles,
Millson, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Jsaac N. Moms, Morse, l'almer, Pendleton, Pettit, Porter,
Quartos, Rice, Itiggs, Christopher Uobinson, Royce, Ilust,
Schwartz, Seianton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Singleton, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith, Somes, Spmner, Stokes, Tompkins,
Trimble, Vance, Vandevei, Walton, Cadwalader C.Wash-
burn Israel Washburn, Wells, Windom, and Woodruff— 88.
NAY S—Messrs. Adram,Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Barrett, Blake, Bonhuin, Boteler, Biabson, Bristow, Caiey,
Carter, Case, Horace F- Clark, Coopei, Cox, John G.
Davis, De Jarnettc, Delano, Edgerton, Edwards, Florence,
Gilmer, Hamilton, Hawkins, Holman, Hughes, William
Kellogg, Kenyon, Landrum, Muclay, Marston, Maynnul,
MeRae, Millward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Nelson,
Noell, Phelps, llcagan, Ruflin, Scott, Simms, William
Smith, Stallvvorth, Stanton, Tappan, Taylor, Theaker,
Thomas, Waldion, Wilson, and Winslow—54.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. CURTIS said: I am opposed to the ad-
journment; but I have paired off on this subject,
and on all subjects relating to the extension of
slavery into the Territories, [laughter,] with Mr.
Webster.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Davidson, had been called home by the illness of
his wife, and had paired off, on political ques-
tions, with Mr. Theaker.
Mr. GILMER stated that he was paired off on
this question with Mr. Etherid-ge; and that, for
the balance of the clay, he was paired off with
Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr-. RUFFIN moved to dispense with the read-
ing of the names.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 20, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Phineas D.
Gurley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
GEORGE FISHER.
Mr. EDWARDS. X rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I wish to call up a motion to reconsider.
Mr. WINSLOW. I want to know whether
there is a quorum of this House present.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Without stopping to give
my reasons, I am satisfied that this House can
do no business to-day. If we can transact none
of the public business, I think we ought to ad-
journ over; and I therefore move that when this
"House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have the floor, and I have
not yielded it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say very distinctly
to the gentleman from New Hampshire that this
House, so far as I am concerned, shall do no busi-
ness without a quorum. I shall insist, if there
is force in the law and power in the Speaker, that
when business is transacted,it shall be done by a
quorum, and not by le§s than a quorum of the
House. When legislation is to take place, it ought
to be through the instrumentality of a quorum of
the people's Representatives.
Mr. ELIOT. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. EDWARDS. Is tho motion to adjourn
over in order when 1 have the floor by the recog-
nition of the Speaker?
Mr. CURTIS. The Republicans are all pres-
ent, and if there is no quorum it is not their fault.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire has the floor, and he will state his
proposition.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ask the Speaker, before we proceed to
business, to ascertain whether there is a quorum
present. I have the right, I think, to make that
demand. If I mistake not, the rules give me that
right.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman from
North Carolina and the House will allow me, I
will say that I do not want to know at this time
whether a quorum is present or not; because, if a
quorum docs not appear, we cannot then adjourn
over, and we will have to meet from day to day
without result. I ask that my motion be now
taken up and disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House consent, we can
take up the appropriation bills. As I understand
it, the appropriation bills are generally founded
upon estimates from the proper Departments, and
by unanimous consent we may take them up, ex-
amine them, and pass upon those about which
there will be no contest. In that way we may
save a good deal of time by not adjourning over,
as is proposed.
Mr. EDWARDS. If I have the floor, I insist
that I shall be allowed to proceed with my busi-
ness. I do not see howtnc floor can be taken
from me.
Mr. WINSLOW. Iriseto a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 rise for the purpose of call-
ing up a motion to reconsider the vote by which
Senate joint resolution No. 8, relating to the claim
of George Fisher, deceased, was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House. It was reported
back to this House from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs with an amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Docs the gentleman yield
the floor?
Mr. EDWARDS. 1 do not. The bill does not
involve an appropriation. I ask that the motion
to reconsider be now acted upon; and the bill
being brought before the House, it be put upon
its passage.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I now move that when
the House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next.
Several Members. Withhold the motion for
the present until the pending question is disposed
of.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well. I withhold
my motion for the present.
