1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&5
Tin- question was token on the motion to re-
consider; and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now before
the House; and the pending question is on its ref-
erence to a Committee of the Whole House.
The motion to refer was disagreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. There is a verbal error in
the resolution. The word "Florida" should be
Alabama. I move that that error be corrected.
It was ordered accordingly.
MEMBERS PAIRED OPF.
Mr. BONHAM. I wish to state to the House
that I have paired off with Mr. Thayer, from
twelve o'clock to-day until twelve o'clock Tues-
day, tho 1st of May.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
*M r. CRAWFORD. I now move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn over, unless Mon-
day is substituted for Tuesday. The House has
repeatedly refused to adjourn over the time occu-
pied by the sittings of the Charleston convention;
and now that we do have to stay here, I want to
transact the public business. I would prefer to
stay in the House rather than at the hotels.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I must adhere to my mo-
tion, that when we adjourn to-day it be to meet
on Tuesday next.
Mr. LEE. I want the yeas and nays, in order
that we may see who are willing to adjourn over.
Mr. McKNIGHT. Is a call of the House in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not at this time, in the
opinion of the Chair.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in j
the negative—yeas 25, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs. Allev, Thomas L. Anderson, Botclcr,
Coop?r. Crawford, GilniPr, Hale, Hamilton. Killmger,
Leake. Low. Maclay,Nelson, Noell, Olm, Phelps, Pryor,
Keairan.Rulmi, Simiiii, William Smith, Thomas, VValdron,
and WmkJo'A"—:25.
NAYS—M.'s-rs-. Clmles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, U'llh.m. V. Andcr-on, Abhlcy, Avery, Bingham,
Rlak". l',i;ib-on, Bra\tun.BiBrlstoiv, Buffinton. Bum-
ham. ButterlieUl, Campbell, C.uey, Carter, Cobb, Colfax,
Cnr.v;!!. Cnvode, Curiv. Cultis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn,
Edwards. Eliot. Klherij o, Feiry, Foster, Gartrell, Gooeh,
Curler, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Harris, Heimick,
Hoard, Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
Hutching Irvine, Jones. Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg,
William Kello"!!, Kenvon, Lee, Mallory, Marston, Charles
D M.ir:in. Milliard, McKran, McKnight, McPherson,
Milbun. Millw.itJ. Lalian T. Moore, Mooriiead. Morrill,
Morse, Palmer. Pendleton. I'ettit, Porter, Pottle, Uuarles,
ii.ijee, Schwartz, Weranton, Sedgwick, Sheiraail,
Fomc-. Spinner. Stokes, Tappan, Tompkins, Trimble,
Vance. Vandever. Walton. Cadn alader C. Washburn,
I °-rael WasJiburn, Wells, Wilson, Windom, Woodruff, and
Wright—94.
So the House refused to adjourn over until
Tuesday next.
Dunn"; the vote,
Mr. HATTON said: Mr. Speaker, 1 ivas not
within the bar when my name was called, and I
ask leave to vote.
Mr. WINSLOW. I must object.
Mr. HATTON". 1 would have voted in the
negative. ,
Mr. MiLLSON slated that ho had been re-
nte strd to Kiy. when Mr. Burnett's name ivas
rr,lh d, that he had paired with Mr. Stf.veks, of
IVnnsvivania, untill Friday next.
Mr.'NOELL stated that Mr. Steven-son was
paired with Mr. Hickman.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, not being within the
liar wii"ii his name was'ealled,asked leave to vote.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
,Alr. IiATTON said": I believe that objections
withdrawn to mv voting. .
Mr SMlTH.'of Virginia. I renew it. If gen-
tlemen are not within the bar wh«n their names
are called, thev have no right to vote
Mi MORRlti, of Illinois, said: Mr. Speaker,
I was' not within the bar when my name was
called, and T ask leave to vote.
\lr IUJFF1N" I object peremptorily to an>
member voting who was not within tho bar when
his name was'ealled. If members are not here
when they ought to be, it is their own fault if
thev do not go upon the record. I object. I do
not rare who the flicmhei 1 ,
Air '\LLEN, not btin^vithm tho bar when
Ins name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. HOUSTON objected.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that he could not say
whether he was within the bar, or not, when his
name was called, and he asked leave "to vote.
Mr. RUFFfN objected.
Mr. FLORENCE said he would have voted in
the negative.
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. WINSLO W. Has a quorum voted ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; and more than a
quorum.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
i suppose that there can be no objection to*hat
proposition.
The motion was agreed to.
GHANO.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention
of the House for one moment. There is a bill in
my hand which has come from the Senate. It
has, I understand, passed the Senate without ob-
jection,and it oughtto be acted upon immediately.
It is a bill simply to amend an act passed m
1856, relative to the introduction and consump-
tion in this country of the article of guano. I do
not believe there will be any objection to the bill
when it is understood. I ask that it may be re-
ported to the House from the Committee on Com-
merce, and put on its passage.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope that the bill will be read.
Gentlemen certainly will not objectto doing some-
thing. There can be no objection to the bill. It
is a bill which the agricultural interests of the
country call for loudly, and I hope the gentleman
will not insist upon his objection.
Mr. BARR. Debate is not in order when ob-
jection is insisted on. I object for one, and I de-
sire to see the bill before I withdraw my objection.
I have not yet seen it.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and, of
course, the bill cannot be'read.
Mr. TAPPAN. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CARTER obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. MOPJIIS, of Illinois. I rise to 5privileged
question, which ought to take precedence of any
other. I move to reconsider the vote just taken,
upon the motion that when the House adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next; and
upon that 1 call the yeas and nays.
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman is too late;
and besides that, the motion is clearly not in or-
der, as the gentleman has not the floor to make it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has the floor.
MAKKET-IIOCSE FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of tho House to take from the Speaker's table the
message from the Senate, asking a committee of
conference upon the disagreeing vote of the two
Houses on Senate bill No. 193, authorizing the
corporation of Washington city to make a loan
and issue stock for $900,000 for building a mar-
ket-house. I ask that the request of the Senate
be complied with, and that a committee of con-
ference be appointed to meet the committee al-
ready appointed upon the part of the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it not a privileged ques-
tio'i ^
The SPEAKER. It is not; and if it be ob-
iected to, the proposition cannot be entertained.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr.CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would inquire
if my motion to reconsider is not a privileged
question > . „
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has the floor. .
Mr. CAMPBELL,from the Committceot Elec-
tions, submitted a report m the contested-election
case of Samuel G. Daly against E. EastabrooK, of
Nebraska: which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN*. I call for the regular order of
business.
ADJOURNMENT OVER AGAIN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House determined that when it adjourns to-
day it adjourn tilLMonday next.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I more lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Upon that I demand
the yeas and nays. : 1
The yeas and hays were not ordered. • . -
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
GEOXtGE FISHER.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called -for. The first business is upon
ordering to be engrossed the following joint reso-
lution:
Joint resolution relative to the claim of George
Fisher, late of Florida, deceased.
Mr. SHERMAN. How does that bill come
before the'House? ^
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
Committee of the Whole House was discharged
from the further consideration of it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish it under-
stood that all motions to take cases out of their
turn will find one person opposed to them.
The SPEAKER. The gentlejnan from Vir-
ginia will understand that the Committee of tho
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of this joint resolution before he
came into the House, butproceedings upon it were
interrupted by a motion to adjourn. That is the
reason why the gentleman did not hear it. The
question is upon agreeing to the amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN. I would like to know what
the regular order of business is, and how this res-
olution comes before the House at this time.
The SPEAKER. After this matter is disposed
of the gentleman from New Hampshire will have
the floor.
. Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let the joint reso-
lution and amendment be read.
Tho resolution was read. It directs that the
joint resolution of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, ap-
proved the 3d of June, 1858, devolving upon the
Secretary of War tho execution of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act supplemental to an act
therein mentioned,"approved December 22,1854,
shall be so construed as to authorize and require
the Secretary of War to reexamine and settle the
account therein referred to, and to admit the dep-
ositions formerly rejected for want of authentica-
tion, provided they are now duly authenticated
by the executive of Alabama; afta to allow such
items and valuations in said accounts as are proved
to be due, and are anywise affected by saia testi-
mony, without disturbing those not so affected;
and to facilitate the adjustment, the Secretary of
War shall so construe the said joint resolution as
to require that the claimant shall be credited with
the items and valuations contained or specified in
the official communication and statement of the
Second Auditor of the Treasury, under date of
20th January, 1858; provided, that if any por-
tion of the said items or valuations shall have
been heretofore allowed, the same shall be de-
ducted, and the excess or remainder only shall
be accounted for.
The amendment, which is in the nature of a
substitute, recommended by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of War to revise his execution of the act of
Congress entitled " An act supplemental to an act
therein mentioned,"approved December22,1854,
required of him by a joint resolution of Congress
approved June 3, 1858, and on said revision to
consider and give effect to all the testimony filed
in said case, including certain depositions for-
merly rejected by the Second Auditor of the
Treasury for want of authentication, butnowduly
authenticated, and to restate and settle the account
heretofore stated and settled by him under said
resolution, and to make such corrections in his
said former statement and settlement, and such
further allowances, if any, on account of said
claim, beyond what has heretofore been allowed
and paid, as in his opinion justice to the claimant-
shall require.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was ordered to a
third reading, and was subsequently read the
third time, and passed.
