1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take but a moment
to dispose of this.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well.
WEBSTER S. STEELE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now ask that the bill
that I have indicated be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele, which directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place his name on the roll of invalid
pensioners at the rate of eight dollars a month,
commencing the 4th of December, 1859, and to
continue during his life time.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GRAND CHENIERE ISLAND.
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a private bill that
can lead to no possible discussion, which, by
some mistake, has got upon the Public Calendar,
it is the bill (S. No. 419) Recognizing the survey
of the G rand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana,
as approved by thesurveyorgenera!,and forother
purposes. I will state that this bill passed the
House at the last session, and if it goes there
now it can be passed at this. There is a letter from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office ex-
plaining it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 419) recognizing the survey of
the Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana,
as approved by the surveyor general, and for
other purposes. It confirms the anomalous sur-
vey of the Grand Cheniere Island, in the south-
western district of Louisiana, as approved by R.
W. Boyd, surveyor general, on the 28th of "Feb-
ruary, 1852, and persons residing thereon at the
date of this act, who, according to the preemption
laws now in force, would be entitled to a preemp-
tion, are to be allowed such right on the lands re-
ferred to in this bill; but such preference right is to
be confined to the single subdivision of land upon
which the party may reside, and is to exceed in
no case one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. KING. Is there a report accompanying
the bill ?
Mr. SLIDELL. There is a very short report.
Mr. KING. What is the whole quantity of
the land ?
Mr. SLIDELL. It is merely giving a pre-
emption right. The report can be read, if neces-
sary.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
H1SNBY WOODS.
Mr. BIGLEE,. The joint resolution (H. R.
No. 32) for the relief of Henry Woods was unan-
imously reported from the Committee on Com-
merce yesterday morning, and I think it will
occupy but a few moments to pass it. It is a bill
which the Secretary of the Treasury says is right,
and the account is one which he would pay if he
had the authority.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) for the relief of
Henry Woods. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to reopen the account of Henry Woods,
late superintendent of the construction of the cus-
tom-housc, court-house, post office, &e., at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, and to settle the same in
accordance with the provisions of the act of 18th
August, 1856, entitled " An act making appropri-
ations for ccrtam civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 1857."
Mr. KING. I am willing to go for any reason-
able proposition on these occasions; but really I
am unwilling to reopen these accounts about
Pittsburg, which has more furnaces and iron
founderies than any other city in the United
States. I think this resolution had better not be
considered.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator from New York
would read the report, I do not think he could
object to it. It was carefully examined by the
Committee on Commerce yesterday morning. I
w-11 read the letter of the Secretary. It will not
take a moment.
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist on my motion
to take up the military appropriation bill. I have
given way now long enough.
Mr. BIGLER. I have got the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This joint res-
olution is now before the Sfenate upon a vote of
the Senate ordering the consideration of it; and
upon which the Senator from Pennsylvania has
the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. It will occupy but a moment.
I wilKhot trouble the Senate with the whole re-
port; but I will read what the present Secretary
of the Treasury says in a letter addressed to a
member of the Committee on Commerce of the
House of Representatives:
" Treasury Department, March 14,1860.
"Sir: As requested in your letter of the 3d instant, I
have the honor to transmit herewith copies of papers con-
taining all the information to he had in this Department,in
relation to the claim of Mi. Woods for compensation as
commissioner in building the custom-house at Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania.
" In reply to that portion of your letter asking my opin-
ion ot the case, t have to say, that Mr. Woods's claim hav-
ing been decided by my predecessor, I declined to disturb
the decision which had been made, no new facts, as re-
quired by the regulations, being presented which would
justify the reopening of the case by the Department.
" When Mr. Roseburg's claim, not having been decided
by my predecessor, was presented, I decided that it should
be paid ; and I am free to say, that had Mr. Woods's claim
been presented tome under similar circumstances, [should
have directed its payment without deducting any sum or
sums winch were paid liiin in the disbursement of tile
fund."
The Secretary believes it to be right,and Ihope
it will be passed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, and was read the
third timp.
Mr. KING. Is there a report in the case?
Mr. MALLORY. It has just been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has just concluded the reading
of the report.
Mr. KING. 1 supposed he was reading some
letter in regard to it.
Mr. BIGLER. I read a portion of the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. KING. I understand that this is a prop-
osition to reopen accounts that have been settled,
I do not know how long.
Mr. BIGLER. The Committee on Commerce
carefully examined it; and if the Senator insists,
I will have the whole report read.
Mr. KING. What is the amount?
Mr. BIGLER. I think about six hundred
dollars.
Mr. KING. If that is really all there is in this
case, I have no objection to it.
The bill was passed.
IIAltRODSBURG MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate take
up the bill (H. R. No. 324) authorizing the' sale
of the Western Military Asylum, in Harrods-
burg, Kentucky.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs the Secretary of War
to expose to sale, at public outcry, to the highest
bidder, the Western Military Asylum, and the
appurtenances thereto, and all the property be-
longing to the Government on the premises, on
the first Monday in June next, it being the same
property conveyed by Christopher C.Graham to
the United States; upon the following terms and
conditions: the sale to be made on credits, one
fourth in hand, and the remainder in one, two,
and three years, in equal annual installments,
with interest from date. The Secretary of War
is to give at least sixty days' notice of the time,
terms, and place of sale, by advertisement ill the
States and Union,and National Intelligencer, pub-
lished in Washington city; the Journal and Dem-
ocrat, published in Louisville,Kentucky; and the
Press, published at Harrodsburg, Kentucky; but
the sale is not to take place unless the property
shall bring at least $25,000. For the purpose of
carrying into effect the provisions of this act, the
Secretary of War is authorized to appoint a com-
missioner, who is first to give bond, in a penalty
to be fixed by him, for the faithful discharge of
his duties. The Secretary of War, or the com-
missioner appointed by him, is to make fQr and
on behalf of the Government of the United States,
a conveyance for the property, with a clause re-
taining a iien for the payment of the remainder ot
the purchase money, the purchaser or purchasers
to give bond for the balance unpaid by them oh
the day of sale.* •
The Committee on Military Affairs reported tKe
bill back withan amendment, to strike out allaffer
the enacting clause, and insert:
That the board of commissioners of the Soldiers' Home
be, and they are hereby, authorized to sell and dispose of
the Western Military Asylum, at such time and manner,
and upon such terms and conditions as they may deem
best, and that the proceeds of such sale be restored to the
fund of the said Soldiers' Home: Provided, That no sale
shall be made until at least sixty days' public notice thereof
shall be given.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the said com-
missioners of the Soldiers' Home, or such person aa they
may duly and legally appoint, shall, upon the full payment
of the purchase money for said Western Military Asylum;
agreeably to the terms of sale, and upon the approval of
such sale by the Secretary of War, maRe and deliver to the
purchaser or purchasers, on behalf of the United States, a
deed in fee-simple for said property.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further cnad.cd, That the tenth section
of the act of March'3,1857, which directs the t-ale of the
Western Military Asylum at Harrodsburg, Kentucky, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. It will take but a moment to
dispose of the bill.
Mr. GWIN. Let us get through with this bill.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the original bill.
Mr. MASON. I desire to ask the Senator, for
I am ignorant on this subject, whether this sale
is recommended by the Secretary of War or by
tb© President?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir; the Secretary of
War desired it to he sold.
Mr. MASON. Has he asked that it be done,
by a communication to the Senate?
Mr. POWELL. I do not know how it was;
but I know there was a law authorizing it, and
the Secretary ordered it to be sold at one time;
but it did not bring a sufficient amount, and he
declined to affirm the sale.
Mr. HUNTER. JThere seems to be some
doubt about this subject.
Mr. POWELL. We will settle it in a very
few moments. I desire to move an amendment
to the first section.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a bill to dispose of a
large amount of public property. Is it reported
by any committee?
Mr. POWELL. Certainly. '
Mr. DAYIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs reported a substitute for the House bill, and
if it please the Senate, I will state what the case
is. Some years ago the Congress was induced to
direct the establishment of a branch of the Sol-
diers'Home in the West. A commission was sent
out to examine various'sites, and they selected
Harrodsbu rg. The Congress appropriated f 10,000
to aid in the purchase. They paid $100,000 for
it; so that out of the old soldiers' fund $90,000
was taken to execute a law of Congress, which
law I think Congress had no right to pass. Ithas
been found in practice that the asylum at Har-
rodsburg is not useful to the old soldiers, and it
has been abandoned for the purpose. It belongs
to the old soldiers. Their money was taken to
pay for it. Congress then, under outside influ-
ences, passed a law authorizing the President to
sell it. He could net get a sum sufficient to jus-
tify him in selling it, and it remains unsold.
A bill was sent to the Committee on Military
Affairs, to enable the Secretary of War, advertis-
ing in particular papers, at a day fixed, and under
his own agency, to sell this ptoperty. It never
belonged to the United States. It belonged to
the old soldiers. The Committee on Military
Affairs have reported a substitute, to authorize
the commissioners of the oid soldiers' fund to sell
this property in Kentucky, purchased out of that
fund for the benefit of the fund, and the money
to go to it; and that it may be sold on such terms
and at such time as the commissioners shall find
best for the funds of which they are the custo-
dians. I wish this to bo sold; the commissioners
wish it to be sold; but I wish it to be sold under
such terms, at such time, and in such manner, as
will secure the largest amount of money to the
old soldiers; and I believe the commissioners
chaiged with the funds are more likely to look to
that than anybody else.
Mr. POLK. What was the original cost ?
Mr. DAVIS. It cost #100,000. What they
will got for it now I do not know.
