THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
' Mr. MASON. I really am utterly ignorant of
the Whole matter; but, as my colleague has said,
this is a bill that directs the sale of a very large
amount of public property. Public property, of
necessity, is under the controland management of
the .Executive. Now, I should be reluctant to
direct the sale of any portion of the public prop-
ertybut upon the responsibility of the Executive,
unltjss we are perfectly satisfied that it ought to
be done, or that it was pressed from that point.
What I want to know is simply Whether the sale,
to Be made by commissioners or otherwise, has
been recommended by the Secretary of War, or
by the President, with whom the responsibility
rests ?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot turn to the report. I
think it was probably two years ago. The Sec-
retary of War did recommend that this asylum
be,broken up, and probably sold; and it was under
that direction, as I recollect, that, on March 3,
1857, Congress passed a law authox-izing the Pres-
ident to sell it; but it really belonged to the old
soldiers, and never should have been taken out of
the hands of the commissioners. Congress never
Should have directed the investment of^he old
soldiers' money in the purchase of property upon
a mere idea which Congress had of establishing
a branch of the asylum at some other place.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I am
very much in favor of old soldiers; but I know,
whenever you start an old soldier, you will find
my friend from Mississippi standing over him,
defending him all the time, and he is very jealous
of other people who will not take good care of
him. I assure him I want to take care of these
old soldiers. The Government made a very bad
bargain. They bought a place at Harrodsburg,
and gave $100,000 for it. They sent an officer
there,,an excellent officer. The old soldiers would
not go there; they would ijot stay there. Our
Kentucky old soldiers are accustomed to wander
in the free air, and over the hills. They could
not get the old fellows there; they would not
stay. Presently the house was burned down, and
the old soldiers were all moved off by the Gov-
ernment, I believe, to the asylum in the District
of Columbia, and the establishment at Harrods-
burg was abandoned. I passed by it last fall. It
looked like a heap of ruins. It was a beautiful
place. It was kept as a watering place, and had
been highly embellished, and highly ornamented
and adorned. All that beauty is gone, and it is
going to dilapidation. There is not an old sol-
dier there. It is abandoned by the Government.
It was a mistake to establish it there; and I ought
to acknowledge myself as taking part in the mis-
take. I was here when the whole of it was done.
I thought it would do well; but I have been dis-
appointed.
Now, sir, there has sprung up in that town a
college that is patronized by a very large and re-
spectable community in Kentucky who have sub-
scribed $200,000 in aid of it, and they want to
buy this property. On one side of it is this col-
lege , and on the other side a very extensive school
for young ladies. This is an inconvenient place—
right between them. The college wants to buy
it; and the most respectable men in the county
have united in a petition in regard to it, which I
have in my desk, but with which I will not trouble
the Senate. They want the property sold. They
want to give the very highest price that the Gov-
ernment can get. They ask no favor. The col-
lege is desirous of buying it. They are willing
to give more than anybody else, and will pay the
money. This bill proposes to effect that sale—
that is all.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. 1 am satisfied, sir, that
this bill should receive a more thorough investi-
gation than we can bestow upon it this evening.
There is a great deal of matter embraced in the
bill. We have already committed a great wrong
Eon these old soldiers; and if the Senator from
intucky insists upon passing his bill now, I am
sure there will be a great deal said on the subject.
It was very thoroughly and fully investigated t>y
the Committee on Military Affairs. We all con-
curred in the belief that the land should be sold;
but as we have already sufficiently damaged that
fund of these old veterans in ordering the sale,
we thought it nothing but righj, in ordering the
sale, that the guardians of that fund should adopt
their own mode and time as to the sale of the
property". We all agree that the property should
be sold. There is no difficulty abourt that. The
bill of my honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Powell] requires it to be sold in a particular
way. Now, the committee, after a very thorough
and very full investigation of this subject, hear-
ing all sides, hearing the commissioneis who have
got charge of it, determined that the agents of that
fund should sell it in their own way; and they
would do it more to the benefit of these old soldiers.
Mr. HUNTER. If my friend will allowTne, I
desire to move to postpone the further consider-
ation of this bill in order to take up the Army Kill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Certainly, I will yield
for that.
Mr. HUNTER. I make the motion to post-
pone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up
the military appropriation bill.
Mr. POWELL. This bill will not take many
minutes, I am sure.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, it will.
AKJIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
305) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1861.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been voting for
a good many doubtful claims to-day. I have one
here which, if it can be passed, will satisfy my
conscience; and if there be any other consciences
troubled with what we have done, it will satisfy
theirs. It is a bill for the relief of Mira Alexan-
der. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. My friend does not seem to
know that there is another bill up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill men-
tioned by the Senator from Kentucky can only
be taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. We have postponed another
bill and taken up the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. PUGH. A private bill had to give way
for the Army bill;find I think we may nowmake
the Army bill give way to a private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All prior or-
ders have been postponed and the Army bill
taken up, which is now before the Senate.
Mr. LANE. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance to allow me to take up the bill
S. No. 9, fixing the time of holding the courts in
Oregon. I have been trying to get that bill up
for a long time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that that motion cannot be entertained,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. I object.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate to lay the Army bill aside by general con-
sent, so that it can come up again to-morrow as
the unfinished business, the Senate can go on with
private bills now. I will not object to that course.
Mt. CRITTENDEN. I will vote with you
to-morrow, for one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
lay aside the military appropriation bill for the
time being. rfhe Chair will consider that as the
sense of the Senate, unless objected to.
mika m. alexander.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I now move to take up
the bill (S. No. 439) for the relief of Mira M.
Alexander.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mira M. Alexander,
only surviving child of Major George Madison,
upon the pension list, at the rate of thirty-live dol-
lars a month, commencing the 1st of July, 1850,
and tt> continue during her life.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 13, noes 21.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, this lady
is a daughter of George Madison, of Kentucky,
a man that every Kentuckian, who knows any-
thing about the history of the State, is weH ac-
quainted with. He was a brother of Bishop
Madison, of Virginia. He grew up at the close
of the revolutionary war. He had the honor of
firing some of the last guns that were fired in that
war. Pie went to Kentucky, then a land of In-
dian war, and was one of its earliest pioneers and
settlers. He was engaged in all those Indian
wars. In a battle with the Indians he was shot
through. He was always where fighting was to
be done. He was out again; and I think in St.
Clair's defeat he had an arm broken, and fell upon
the field with exhaustion from loss of blood. He
was borne offby some poor faithful Irishman, I
believe, that was attached to him, and who had
followed him into the field.
George Madison, after recovering from these
wounds, engaged in the war of 1812. At the bat-
tle of the river Raisin his battalion was the only
one that maintained its ground, having the ben-
efit of the defense of a little picket that surrounded
a garden at the river Raisin. There he stood firm.
While the Indians were all gone in pursuit of the
flying troops he proposed to his men to leap the
pickets, and, with his raw militia, to charge the
regular British troops. Naturally feeble and del-
icate in his constitution, he was too feeble to exe-
cute it himself, and it was not done.
He was taken prisoner. He was carried to
Montreal, in the depth of winter, and from there
to Quebec, as well as I recollect the story; and,
upon some retaliations then going on between the
two countries, George Madison was there put in
prison and kept in prison for some time. He was
at last released, and exchanged, and got home to
Kentucky. At the firstelection forGovemor that
came on afterwards nobody would satisfy the
people but George Madison. He came home lin-
gering with disease. He just lived to be elected,
and to take the oath of ofiice. He ne\er entered
upon his office. He died leaving this girl, now
his only surviving child. She married a gentle-
man of great respectability, who, shortly after-
wards, attending upon a mill, was caught, some-
how or other, in the machinery of it, and torn to
pieces, leaving her a widow.
About fifteen years ago her sight began to fail.
For ten years she has been blind. She had chil-
dren by her first husband. Those children have
grown up. Some of them have not been very
successful in life. She is poor; she is blind; she
is the daughter of such a man as I have de-
scribed to you, and who was known to me as well
as I know any of you; as gentle as a woman, as
hrave as Julius Caisar, or my friend here, [Mr.
Davis.] If his death in his country's cause did
not entitle him to a pension, I do not know who
under God's heaven is entitled to rewards for ser-
vices. He never asked it from you. His daughter,
in her distress and her wants, asks for this pen-
sion. I hope the Senate will pass it. I have not
another word to say about it.
Mr. HALE. I want to say to the Senate, that
if they pass this bill they should do it advisedly.
If I understand it, it is the first bill of the kind.
It will be the first that ever has been passed by
the Government. There are children and grand-
children of revolutionary officers of asgreatmerit,
of as great poverty, I presume, in every State of
this Union; certainly in every one of the old
States. 1 do not know how many of them I have
had to apply to me; but I have uniformly told
them that Congress had always refused to pension
children or grandchildren of officers, except in
certain specified cases of minor orphans, where
the parents have died of wounds received in the
service. But, sir, if you pass this bill you will
open a train of legislation that will look to the
pensioning first of children, and then of grand-
children, and in the lineal line to the end of time.
It is a new, a novel, and a dangerous principle.
I do not say a word against the character of the
officer, or of the woman either. I have no doubt
he is everything the Senator says; but as this is
opening a new door, establishing a new line of
precedents, I content myself with asking for the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 8, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock,a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stockton.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the Jour-
nal, but was interrupted by Mr. Sherman, on
whose motion*the further reading was dispensed
with.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
