1816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. EDWARDS moved to reconsider the vote
by.which.the resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAPOLEON B. GILL.
Oh motion of Mr. NOELL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the ease of Napoleon B. Gill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 21st of March, calling for in-
formation relative to the fees paid for permits for
the landing of passengers and baggage; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
STATIONERY TO COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Postmaster of the House of Representatives, in
compliance with a resolution of the House, call-
ing upon him for a statement of the amount of
stationery delivered and charged to the committees
for.the present session of Congress; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that by unanimous
consent we proceed to take up and refer the Sen-
ate bills on tlie Speaker's table.
There was no objection.
MARKET-HOUSE FOB WASHINGTON CITY.
' Mr. CARTER. I now ask to take up the bill
(S.'No. 192) authorizing the corporation of Wash-
ington city to make a loan, and issue stock for
$200,000 for building a market-house.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARTER. I move that the committee of
conference asked for by the Senate in reference to
that bill be appointed upon the part of the House.
Mr. REAGAN. I have objected. Is my ob-
jection to be entertained ?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was given
, to take up the bills upon the Speaker's table for
the purpose of rcfercnce.
Mr. REAGAN. At the very first opportunity
after the motion was made, I interposed an ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
unanimous consent was given.
Mr. REAGAN. I expressed my dissent at the
first practicable moment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should have
made his objection when the proposition was put
to the House.
Mr. REAGAN. I did so at the first opportu-
nity.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman object at
the time ?
Mr. REAGAN. At the first opportunity ldid.
Tho SPEAKER. If the gentleman did object
at the time the question was raised, it would avail;
but the objection was not made until after unani-
mous consent was given.
Mr". Carter's motion for the appointment of
a comrriittee of conference upon the part of the
House was agreed to; and the Speaker subse-
quently appointed, as such committee, Messrs.
Carter, 'Kilkore, and Hughes.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
■ The next business upon the Speaker's table,
being Senate amendments to House bill No. 44,
confirming Certain entries under the third section
of the act of the 3d of March, entitled " An act
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal yearending the
30th of Juno, 1856," was reported to the House.
Mr. COBB. Is that a public bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but consent was
given to refer the bills upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB. I did not understand that, or I
should have objected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill and aifienilments must be referred; and they
will bo referred- to the Committee on Public
Bands.
. ^ POTOMAC FISHERIES.
An act (S. No. 369) for the protection of the
fisheries upon the Potomac river, in the District
of Columbia, being the next bill upon the Speak-
er^ tatjle, was reported to the House, and read a
fiwt and second time.
Mr. CARTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to put that bill upon its passage.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would say to my
friend from Georgia, and to the House, with con-
fidence, that they will permit this bill to pass if
they understand the facts. The States of Mary-
land and Virginia have both adopted a policy in
reference to tlie fisheries of that river.
Mr. CASE. I object to the bill, and will vote
against it.
The bill was then referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
Tfe following Senate bills-on the Speaker's-
table were then taken up, read a first and second
time, and referred as indicated below:
A resolution (S. No. 28) for the relief of A. M.
Fridley, late agent for the Nebraska Indians—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
An act (S. No. 118) for the relief of David
Myerlc—to the Committeeof Claims.
An act (S. No. 371) for the relief of certain set-
tlers in the State of Iowa—to the Committee on
Public Lands.
An act (S. No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Sweetser—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
MESDAMES SMITH, MACOMB, AND RILEY.
The SPEAKER stated the question next in
order to be on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to an act (S. No.
73) for the relief of Mrs. AnneM. Smith, widow
of Brevet Major General Pcrsifer F. Smith; Mrs.
Harriet B. Macomb, widow of Major General
Alexander Macomb; and Mrs. Arabella Riley,
widow of Brevet Major General Bennet Riley.
Mr. THOMAS. I object to that bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that that bill
is perfectly in order at this time. It is an item
of unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. It is the unfinished business
of Friday last, and is the business before the
House. Thepreviousquestion has been demanded
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the'
main question ordered; which was on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, as follows:
In line seventeen, strike out the words, "date of the
approval of this act," and insert in lieu thereof the words,
"death of the husbandand in lines twenty-four and
twenty-five, strike out the words, " date of the approval of
this act," ami insert in lieu thereof tlie words, "death of
the husband."
Mr. HOUSTON". I would like to know what
change that amendment will make in the bill?
Mr. FLORENCE. The member of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions who reported back the
bill, [Mr. Sickles,] is necessarily absent on ac-
count, I believe, of the contestas to his seat here.
1 suggest, therefore, whether it would not be bet-
ter to postpone the consideration of this bill till
that gentleman returns. He is familiar with all
the facts of the case. He told me yesterday that
it has been the uniform practice to report in favor
of giving invalid pensions to the widows of offi-
cers who had distinguished themselves in the ser-
vice of the country from the time of their decease.
The Senate bill, if I recollect it, gives pensions to
these ladies from the time of the passage of the
bill. I think that, under all the circumstances, it
had better be postponed till the gentleman from
New York is in his seat.
Mr. CURTIS. I object to postponing it. lean
see no reason why it should be postponed.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, if the House prefer
to act on the bill now, I have no desire to have it
postponed. I simply suggested the postpone-
ment in consequence of the absence of the gentle-
man who reported the bill. I now withdraw the
motion to postpone.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place the name of Mrs. Anne M.
Smith, widow of the late Brevet Major General
Pcrsifer F. Smith, on the pension roll, at the rate
of fifty dollars per month from the 17th day of
May, 1858, for and during her natural life; also,
to place the name of Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb,
widow of Major General Alexander Macomb,
deceased, late commanding getfcral of the Army,
on the roll of pensioners, at the rate of fifty dol-
lars per month from the date of the approval of the
act; and also, to place the name of Mrs. Arabella
Riley, widow of Brevet Major General Bennet
Riley, deceased, late of the Army, on the roll of
pensioners, at the rate of fifty dollars per month
from the date of the approval of tho act.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions would make the pensions of
Mesdames Macomb and Riley commence from
the death of their respective husbands.
The question being on the amendment—
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There is a report
in that case, I suppose. If so, I should like to
have it read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand it to be the
rule in all these cases of pensions, which are, at
best, mere donations to parties, that they are made
to take effect from the passage of the law, unless
there be some extraordinary circumstances to pre-
vent it. There was a pension granted to Mrs.
Gaines last Congress. I voted against the bill.
But yet it was made to take effect from the date
of the law. ,
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh! no.
Mr. HOUSTON. In this case the Committee
on Invalid Pensions propose to amend the bill by
making it retroact some dozen or fifteen years in
regard to some of these pensions. I believe that
principle is wholly wrong.
Mr. HATTON. I object to debate. Debate
is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the consent of the House
to make a statement for one moment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to. The
previous question having been seconded, debate
is not in order.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Case and
Hattok were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes thirty-nine, (more than
one fifth ©fa quorum.
Mr. SPINNER. I understand that in two of
the cases provided for in the bill the pension com-
mences at the date of the death of the husbands.
[Cries of "No!" " No !"] Then I want to under-
stand what the bill does provide. I ask that the
bill be read.
The bill was again read.
The question was taken on the passage of the
bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
83, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Bingham, Biake, Bote-
ler, Brabson, Brayton, Brigg*, Buffinton, Burlingame, But-
terfield, Campbell, Carter, Case, Cooper, Covode, Curtis,
Dawes, Delano, Edwards, Eliot, Etberidge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Florence, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Gooch,
Gurley, Hamilton, J. Morrison flarrts, Hatton, Hawkins,
Helmiek, Howard, Hughes, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kenyon, Landruin, James M. Leach, Loorais,
Maclay, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, Maynard,
McKean, MeKnight, McPherson, McRae, Laban T.
Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Palmer, T'ettit, Itice, Christopher Robin-
son, Iloyce, Schwartz, rieott. Scranton, Sedgwick, Spin
ner, Stokes, Tappan, Theaker, Tompkins, Walton, Oad-
walader C. Washburn, Israel 'Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
and Woodruff— 83.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barr, Boyce, Bristow, Carey, Cobb, Colfax, Claw-
ford, Curry, Dunn, English, Gaitrell, John T. Ilarns,
Hoard, Holinan, Houston, Humphiev, Hutehins, Jenkins,
Jones, Keitt, Kiigorc, Killmger, Leake, Love, Miles, Mill-
son, Sydenham Moore, Niblack, Noell, Pendleton, l'helps,
Porter, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Itiggs, Ruffin, Sheiman,
Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Taylor, Thomas,
Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Waidron, Winslow, and
Wught-52.
So tho bill was passed.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORT.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That two thousand extra copies of the Pacific
railroad bill, rcpoitcd by the sclect committee, and ten
thousand copies of their report, and thousand of tlie
reportof the minority, he published for distribution by the
members of the House of Representatives.
