1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
any motion, and the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi furthest from the Chair [Mr.-BroWn]
is in order, when made. '
Mr. BROWN. 1 withdraw my motion for my
colleague.
Mr. DAYIS. I would not have made the ques-
tion, but in order-that it. might be settled whether
reports from committees come next to petitions.
Ey preserving a regular order of business, we can
get through with a great deal more than in any
other manner.
reports of committees.
Mr. DAVIS, frosi the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Theodore J. Eckerson, military store-
keeper at Benicia arsenal California, praying an
increase of pension, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication be-
tween the Atlantic and Pacific States by electric
telegraph, reported it with an amendment, and
notified Senators that he would ask for its con-
sideration at a very eorly day.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to wjiom was recommitted the bill (S.
No. 86) to amend tlie existing laws relative to
the compensation of the district attorneys, mar-
shals, and clerks of the circuit and district courts
of the United States, reported itwith amendments.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 302)
to secure the wages of seamen in cases of wreck,
asked to bo discharged from its further consider-
ation.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury, the [V>-f-
ma_-tcr General, and the Attorney Geneial, he lequested to
communicate to tlie Senate, what action, it any, has been
taken under the thud and tnurth sections of the act oi the
3d of March, 18.39, entitled " An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government tor the year
ending the 3l)tli of June, i860," relating to the construction
of public buildings in the city of Philadelphia, and what ad-
ditional legislation, if any, is necessary to carry out the
purposes of said sections.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that we take up the
subject-matter which was postponed this morning,
for the purpose simply of making a motion to print
the constitution of Kansas, and the proposed in-
structions to the Committee on Territories, and
my amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now moved
to print the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, and the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin thereto, and the constitution.
Mr. MASON. I should like to know from the
Senator from Wisconsin, what evidence there is
that that is what it purports to be. I have exam-
ined the paper, and it presents the aspect of a \ ery
roughly printed pamphlet, purporting to be the
constitution of Kansas; but it lias no authentica-
tion upon its face except a loose sheet on which
is written the names of two gentlemen, one ot
whom claims to have been the president, and the
other the secretary of the convention; but there
is nothing in the constitution itself, or what pur-
ports to be the constitution, pi escribing the mode
of its authentication. I see on the envelope in-
closing it, that it was sent to the President of the
Senate by a gentleman named Parrott, who writes
from the'House of Representatives, and sends it
to the President of the Senate, with a request that
lie would lay it before the Senate.
Now, I do not at all mean to impugn the verity
of*this paper; but if the Government is to be con-
ducted with any kind of safety to itself, we ought
to have some certain means of verifying papers
of this importance and gravity. I remember very
well—doubtless the Senator from Wisconsin, for
I think he was here at that time, will recollect-
that on a former occasion we had a paper com-
municated to the Senate by a Senatoi fiomMich-
i"an, [Mr. Cass,] who did it bona fide; it had been
placed in his hands as the constitution of this
very people of Kansas. It was not received at
the time, formally, by the Senate, and some future
investigation satisfied the honorable gentleman
who presented it, and satisfied the Senate, that
the paper itself -had been, tampered with pfler it
left-Kaggasi The Senate'escaped, in that in-
stance, Kiy an-accident, from being imposed on by
a fictitious paper. Now, this paperis printed 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator to call up the special order
at this liour.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, Tliat when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
statue of washington.
Mr. BROWN. The special order is the bill
of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell,]
about the District banks, 1 believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the bill (S.
No. 50) to prohibit the issue of bank notes by
corporations, associations, or individuals, within
the Distuct of Columbia; and further to prohibit
the circulation of bank notes by any incorporated
company Or association of individuals beyond the
limits of the District of Columbia, of aless denom-
ination than twenty dollars.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senator from Louis-
iana whether he will not allow the resolution in
reference to the inauguration of the statue of Gen-
eral Washington to be taken up and adopted?
We are now within five days of the 22d of Feb-
ruary; and unless we act on it now, we shall leave
it to Monday, when it may be too late If any
action is proper, that action ought to be had now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks unanimous consent to take up
the resolution referred to.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. The special order can be
passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The resolution is before the Senate.
The Secretary will read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed on the
pait of the Senate, to act in concort with such committee
lis may he, appointed on thepanof the [louse of Ropu-seut-
atives, in making suitable arrangements for the inaugura-
tion of tlie equestiian statue of General Washington, on the
of February.
Mr. PEARCE. I introduced a joint resolution
on that subject some days ago myself, and it was
set aside on the motion of the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fes sf,keen.] The statue has been taken
to the site designated by the President. The
President had authority of law to designate the
site; it was conferred by the act by which the
money was appropriated for the execution of the
statue. He has designated a site, and the statue
is there. I thought that all that was necessary
was to provide a small sum for defraying the ex-
penses, and at the suggestion of the Secretary of
the Interior, whom I consulted, I inserted the sum
of $3000 in my resolution. I think that if this
statue is to he inaugurated on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, for which all preparation has already been
made, and even an orator selected—a gentleman
of the other House—we ought to make an appro-
priation; but if the Senalc determine that if it lies
in their power they will repeal the authority of
the President to designate the site, and pass an
act directing the site to be changed, it would be
well to do so at once. It is scarcely worth while,
; it seems to me, to appoint a committee of Con-
gress to take part in the inauguration, if we are
going to undo it all and remove the statue from
the place which lias been designated for it by the
'President.
Mr. BROWN. My object in moving the reso-
lution was simply this: Congress ordered this
statue,and I supposed whenthecercniony oferect-
ii!o- it was about to take place, Congress being in
session, we ought to connect ourselves with the
ceremony; and, therefore, I proposed the appoint-
ment of a joint committee of the two Houses who
will, of course, act in concert with the President
and Secretary of the Interior, and even the city
authorities, so that all parties and all interests may
be represented on the occasion. That wasthe
, enly idea I had. It seems to me that if the Gov-
ernment order a work of this sort, there can be no
impropriety m their being connected with putting
it up; but on the other hand there is a marked
propriety in the two Houses taking cognizance of
that event.
So far as the location is concerned, I have not
certainly contemplated any such thing as dislurb-
ing.it; in-any manner i .".iS-.my recollection serves
me, though I havo not looked at the law, the Sen-
ator from Maryland is exactly right. When the
statue was ordered, the law authorized the Pres-
ident to fix the location. Whether I would select
that precise point at which he proposes to have it
erected, is another question. The President has
done nothing but what he was authorized by law
to do; and if it be now proposed to repeal the
law, and change the location of the statue, the in-
auguration of it must necessarily be postponed to
some other period. We cannot now repeal the
law, and do all that is necessary to be done before
the 22d of February. If the objection be persisted
in, I do not know, I will say to the Senator from
Maine, whether that will prevent the putting up
of the statue. I dare say they will go on with it,
unless the law is absolutely repealed between now
and the 22d of February. All that I propose to
do is that the statue be put up; we take proper
observation of it; be present by some act of our
own. I think the propriety of the occasion re-
quires that we should do, at least, that much. That
is all I have to say about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When this matter was
up the other day on the resolution offered by the
Senator from Maryland, I made an inquiry as to
the authority of the President. It seemed that he
had no authority to designate the site under a res-
olution passed at the last Congress; but I am in-
formed that he was authorized by the original act
to select the site. If that is the case, and he has
already executed that authority by making a se-
lection, I suppose that no act that we could pass
would bear upon that matter at all. If we con-
ferred theauthority upon him,andhehas indicated
properly and distinctly where it should be placed,
I do not know how. we can take it out of his
hands; but I do think that it is exceedingly de-
sirable that the President should be induced to
reconsider his decision upon that subject. I do
1 not know but thatl may be mistaken; but I think
! there is not a member of the Senate who would
favor the location that has been selected, or that
does favor it, knowing where it is. I do not know
anything of th<! merits~of this statue from actual
observation; I have not seen it; but I have heard
it spoken of in very high terms, as a statue of
very high artistic character. If that is the fact,
it being a statue of Washington, and probably the
only equestrian statue of Washington we shall
have in this city, I deem it of very great conse-
quence that it should be located in a conspicuous
position.
We all know that there is a statue of Jefferson
in front of the President's house, and an eques-
trian statue of Jackson in the square opposite.
They arc conspicuous positions. Nobody wishes
to displace them; but no person in this (ftuntry
would think it proper, eminent and great as they
were, that their statues should occupy their
prominent positions in the public grounds, and
that the equestrian statue of the Father of his
Country should be put away in a corner almost
out of the city of Washington. There is an im-
propriety in it, a want of taste, a want of judg-
ment, which, to me, is very striking and remark-
able. That being the fact, and it being important
to place it now, because every one will see that being
once located it will be almost impossible tochange
its position, from the trouble and the risk that
, might arise in doing so, it is of great consequence
!■ that this question should be decided properly m
■ the first instance.
|; I objected to the resolution that was offered by
! the honorable Senator from Maryland the other
day, and I objected to this resolution, which was
offered last evening by the Senator from Missis-
I sippi, for the purpose of calling the attention of
lj the Senate to this matter, to see if there is not a
L mode by which we may possibly induce a change
M of opinion on the part of the President himself,
ji I presume that be is a man who would be willing
j: to hear a remonstrance on the subject, and that if
j| he has committed an error he would be anxious,
>! very anxious, to have it corrected. Thatisusualiy
|| an indicium which accompanies great men, and I
II presume it will not be found wanting in this case.
■ Now, sir, what I have to suggest is, that instead
'1 of raising a committee to take part ill this matter
:| in tlie present condition of things, a committee
j! should be appointed of the two bodies to wait on
i'> the President, and respectfully represent to him
