I860,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Co;s"g....1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. of IIeps.
servile population, with no more rights than ne-
gro slaves.
Mr. Pickens, of South Carolina, in a speech in
this House, in 1836, said:
" I lay down this proposition as universally true, that
there is not, and never was, a society organized undei our
political system tor a period long enough to constitute an
era, where one class would not, practically and substan-
tially,,own another class, in some shape or form. Let not
gentlemen from the North start at this truth. We are yet a
people in ourinfancj. Society has not yet been pressed
down to its classifications. Let us live through an eia, and
we shall discover this great tiuth. All society settles, down
into a classification of capitalists and laborers. The former
vtU 0v.11 the latter."
The argument of Mr. Pickens Ls undoubtedly
correct, if this Government, by special legislation,
is to build up and sustain an oligarchy of slave-
holders, who own all their laborers. The "press-
ing--down M process to which Mr. Pickens refers
lias been going on at a frightful rate since the de-
livery of this speech. •
Governor M;Duffie, of South Carolina, the
bosom friend of Calhoun, and one of the most
distinguished Democrats of that State, in a mes-
sage to the Legislature, in 1836, said, in speaking
of the subject of slavery:
" No community has ever existed without it. and we tnay
confidently assert, never wdl. In the very nature of things,
there must be classes of peinons to discharge all the differ-
ent offices of society, from the highest to the lowest, rfome
oft Ilese offices are regarded as degrading, thoush thev must
and will be performed. Hence those niamiold"fotms*of de-
pendent seivitude, which produce a sense of infeuority on
the purtof the servants. Where these offices are performed by
■members of the political community, a dangerous element is
introduced into the body^politic. iJence the dlaunnig tend-
ency to violate the lights of property by agianan Jogisla-
t;ou, which is beginning to inanife&t itself 111 the o!d«kr
Slates, where universal suffrage prevails, without domestic
slarery; a tendency that will increase in the progress of
society, with the increasing inequality ot wealth. No Gov-
ernment js worthy of the name, that doe« not protect the
lights oi property; and no enlightened people wdl long sub-
mit to such a mockery. Ile'nco it i> . that, in the obl-u
cou+Hi ses, difieient political orders are established, to eiieet
this jnd^pcnsable object, and it will be fortunate lor the
nou-s.liivcholding States if they art* not, in less than a quar-
ter of a century, driven to the adoption of a similar institu-
tion, or to take tefuge iiom jobbery and anarchy undei a
w'litary despotism 53 < -* * f ''In a word,
the institution of slavery svpersedes the necessity of an order
of nobility, and the other appendages of ahereditaiy system
of government. If our slaves vveie emancipated, and ad-
mitted, bleached or unbleached, (i. c., white 01 coloied,) to
an equal participation in our political privileges, what a
commcntaiy should we furnish upon the doctrines of the
emancipationists, and what a revolting spectacle of icpub-
Iica.il equality should we exhibit to the moekeiy of the
world ! No lationa! man would consent to live in such a
state of society, if he couldsfind a refuge in anv other. Do-
mestic slavery, ibeiefore, instead of being a political evil, is
the ( orncr stone of otir republican edifice."
In a work called Sociology for the South*, or,
the Failure of Free Society, published in 1854
by Mr.Geoige Fitzhugh, of Richmond, Virginia,
may be found the following declaration in favor
of white slavery:
" Shivery protects the weaker members of society, ju^t
as do the relations of parents, guardian, and husband, and
is as necessary, as natural, and almost as universal, as those
relations.
<c Tea years ago, we became satisfied that slavery, black
or rvhite,'wns right and necessary. We advocated this doc-
trine in veiy many essays.''
Some three years ago, the Richmond Enquirer,
then and now one of the leading organs of the
so-called Democratic party, in discussing and de-
fending the right to enslave any race, said:
" "While it is far more obvious that negroes should be
slaves than whites—for they are only fit to labor, and not
to direct—yet the principle of slavery is itself right, and does
not depend o?i dijfciau c oj complexion.""
In another articlc on this same subject, this
Democratic (?) paper declared:
" Freedom is vot possible without slavery. Every civi!
polity and evervsoei;il system implies gradntion ot nuik and
condition. In the States of the South, an anstocracy of white
iHCil isitusedon negro slavery ; and the absence Of negro
slavery woci.dbe supplied Iti" white HEN."
tn every slave State, I believe, without excep-
tion, the fate of all offspring born of the servile
lace is made by statute to dcpctid on the condition
of the mother. If she be a slave, her children,
though white, are also slaves. The laws and
judicial decisions of all the slave States on this
point are uniform. From this law of the slave
^ master there is and can be no escape, to the latest
generation. Hence the advocates of this system
So* not hesitate to defend the enslavement of all
weak and defenseless races, and even boldly to
justify the enslavement of white men.
This is the logical result of the American slave
system. If slavery should be confined by law
to the unmixed African, the slave master under-
stands that in time, by the mere force of southern
amalgamation, there would come an end to the
existence of this institution. To avoid this, the
slave master throws around his victims such safe-
guards in the shape of legislative enactments as
will effectually secure to himself as property, all
children born of his female slaves, whether they
are white or colored.
If the deliberate intention of slave masters is
not to enslave all white or black persons whom
they can thus enslave, why are not these barbarous
laws repealed, and statutes enacted making amal-
gamation a crime, and liberating all slave mothers
and their children who may hereafter be born
having in their veins a visible admixture of the
blood of the dominantrace? In 1830, Henry Clay
delivered a speech in the Senate of the United
States, which may be foundintheAppendixtothe
Congressional Globe, page 358, in which he said:
" It is frequently asked, what is to become ofthe African
race, among us? Aie they forever to remain in bondage?"
He thus answers his own question:
ic Taking the aggregates of the two races, the European
is constantly, though slowlv, gaining upon the African por-
tion." * -1" * ' In the progress of tune,
some one bundled and fifty or two hundred years hence,
but few vestiges of the black race will relnain among our
posterity."
In one hundred or one hundred and fifty years,
then, according to Mr. Clay, the "black race"
will have disappeared before the bleaching pro-
cess of southern amalgamation, and "our pos-
terity"—the descendants of .slave mothers—
though white, and having in their veins the best
blood of the dominant race, are not only to re-
main .slaves furcvcr, butall laboring men, without
regard to color or birth, who can be, are to be re-
duced to chattelhood. A ml this is to be the final
consummation of the barbarism of American si a-
j very, unless the purposes and policy of the slave
power is defeated by the triumph of the Repub-
lican party.
And this doctrine of the right to enslave any
race hasnot been, and never will be, repudiated by
the present Democratic party in the South. Mr.
Chairman, I'ask the honest portion of those who,
in the free States, brought this Administration
party into power, how much longer they intend,
by their money and suffrages, to aid in keeping
the Government of this country in the hands of
an oligarchy who, in the sacred name of Democ-
racy, preach and practice such despotism as this?
If the independent freemen of the nation do not
rally to the standard of Lincoln and Hamlin, and
give us deliverance this year, then f know not
when it will come. I have an abiding faith, how-
ever, that we shall triumph; and that the day can-
not be far distant when this deliverance, by a
popular revolution, must come, if the enslave-
ment of the poor whites of the South is to be
averted. When it docs come, I pray Heaven that
it may be a revolution of the ballot-box instead
of the carttidge-box—a revolution which, while
it brings deliverance to the slave, shall not blast
the land with universal ruin, and the bloody hor-
rors of a St. Domingo. For among a homoge-
neous people of one language, living under a re-
publican form of government, where a majority
may, if they choosc, control, I think the true
way, the surer and better way, to secure the abo-
lition of a great wrong, is to appeal to the hearts
and consciences of those who have the constitu-
tional power to art, and whose voice and votes
will not, in my judgment, be wanting to secure
this result, whenever their judgments are con-
vinced.
Wherever these constitutional rights cannot be
enjoyed, a revolution by force is not only indis-
pensable, but a duty. For the purpose of avert-
ing such a revolution, with all its attendant hor-
rors, the poor whites and non-slaveholders of the
South ask for the freedom of speech and the press,
and the right of the ballot. But this is denied
them in almost every southern State; and not only
denied them, but the persons and lives of those
who ask it, and attempt to exercise it, are not safe
from violence and death. To this open and un-
disguised violation of the national Constitution
for which southern Representatives on this floor
profess such veneration and reverence* may be
added the violation by this class of all covenants,
compacts, and compromises, with the people, of
the North; and that which is more saered and*
above all compromises and Constitutions—die
rights of humanity—are everywhere within'their
borders disregarded and U-am'pled ih. the dust..
Sir, the Representatives of this class igtere^t^by
the aid of the machinery of a o>nce great .arid
glorious party, with the immense .patronage of
the Government in their hands, and t>y inflam-
matory appeals to the passions and prejudices qf
the people, have at last succeeded in lashing' the
popular mind in nearly every southern Stateinto
a fury and fanaticism that will not brook control;
and Presidents and Cabinets, the national Le-
gislature, and even the Supreme judiciary, bow
to its terrible decrees. He who seeks*place and
power in the ranks of this party to-day must
ride upon the storm and add fuel to the confla-
gration already kindled. To no exaction, how-
ever monstrous, must he hesitate. Prostrate be-
fore it he must bow, in humble submission to
its despotic authority, and recognize its wildest
claims to universal domination. No constitu-
tional provision, however plain; no compromise,
however sacred; no law, however just; no judicial
decision, however venerable, must stand for a
moment in its way. He who would be a success-
ful leader in the ranks of this party to day cannot,
if ho would, quit this pro-slavery fanaticism, or
secure its submissions to the just requirements of
the Constitution. If he refuse blind and unqual-
ified obcdience to every demand, however revolt-
ing, political ostracism is his fate. If he fail to keep
pace with every new movement—no matter what
may have been his past services—he will experi-
ence the doom which, without remorse, was meted
out to Douglas at Charleston. For, whatever may
be the action of the adjourned session of the rump
convention which is to meet in Baltimore on'the
18th of June, the well-informed friends of Mr.
Douglas admit that politically he is a doomed
man; and they may as well admit that, from this
time forward, every leading m$n in the party is
forever doomed who does not give up every aspi-
ration for freedom, surrender unreservedly nis
convictions to the behest of this privilege class,
and use all his power and influence tp extend, and
make permanent and universal, the institution of
human slavery.
Sir, from this hour the so-called Democratic
party is dead. The disease of which it died was
Calhounism. It was attacked with this fatal mal-
ady in 1844, when James K. Polk was forced
upon an unwilling people; and though the rank
and lile of the northern Democracy have been
struggling heroically from, that day to this against
the wiles of its cunning enemy, their political
leaders have been false; and the organization, once
so powerful, has at last yielded to the. violence of
the attack at Charleston. Th<* party of Calhoun,
which were spurned by Jackson and the Democ-
racy of his day, now stand with defiant footupon
its new-made grave, and demand the surrender of
every member of the old Democratic party in,the
North to these southern usurpers, who, under an
alluring, but piratical, flag, whereon is emblazoned
the glorious name "Democracy," are fighting
against the rights of man, and the liberties of the
human race.
From this spurious Democracy, this political
intolerance ond party despotism, the honest por-
tion of the northern Democracy, who have been
basely deceived and betrayed, will be compelled
to separate themselves; for no intelligent citizen
can retain his manhood, who, if sincerely opposed
to the extension and perpetuity of human slavery
in the Republic, should remain another hour in
the ranks of such a party.
Sir, how is it possible for an intelligent, inde-
pendent citizen, who is in truth a Democrat, and
opposed to all despotism, longer to remain with
a party which not only tramples upon and vio-
lates the Constitution, but which aids and en-
courages the outrages inflicted all over the South
upon innocent and defenseless persons for opin-
ion's sake; outrages tha[t would not be tolerated in
any despotism of Europe, even when engaged in.
open hostilities? Witness the hangings, the tar-
and-featherings, the imprisonments, the infernal
indignities, to which the citizens of this country,
