798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the opinion that prevails in relation to the selec-
tion of a site, and see if he will not reconsider
the determination he has made. We have a right
to do that, because we appropriate the money,
and certainly it would be a most respectful course
of proceeding with regard to him.
For myself, I am free to say, that so long as
the position which has been named for this statue
is insisted upon, I will vote against, and try to
defeat, every measure going to appropriate money
for the purpose, or to connect us with it in any
way whatever. We were honorably connected
with i t by appropriating the money.' Wo cannot
be honorably connected with it, in my judgment,
by^asscnting, directly or indirectly, or aiding to
accomplish, the purpose of placing this statue at
the place which has been indicated for it.
I submit these remarks to the Senate with great
deference. I have no feeling, of course, on the
subject, except that which every one should en-
courage and indulge to a certain point, and I
liope that other Senators will take the same view
of it that I do. I suggest a committee, simply be-
cause it is the only course that presented itself to
my mind as left to us proper to be pursued, and
I hope some Senator on the other side of the
House, if he agrees with me, will move the ap-
pointment of a committee for the purpose which
I have indicated.
Mr. HAMMOND. More difficulties surround
this matter,perhaps, than the Senator from Maine
is aware of. Last year, or the year before last—
I believe it was the year before last—the President
selected a position for this statue in his own
grounds, in the place of the statue of Jefferson—
that scare-crow statue that stands up there—but
the artist remonstrated against it; and for very
•good artistic reasons. The statue cannot occupy
that position. It is impossible to make an eques-
trian statue so as to occupy the slope of the hill
in the contracted grounds in front of the Presi-
dent's house, and do justice to the artist and to
the work. The artist himself preferred to have
it placed on a level 011 the avenue, somewhere near
the Center market; but the President opposed
that. However, the friends of the artist succeeded
in defeating the location in t lie President's grounds.
The, President was not authorized to remove the
statue of Jeff raon, and application was made to
give him the authority of removing the statue of
Jefferson, for the purpose of putting there the
statue of Washington. The friends of Mr. Mills
defeated that, at lus earnest request; and since
then, I believe, the Administration has paid little
attention either to the work or to the artist; but
they have sought every place all over the town
for a proper location, and there were but two lo-
cutions that would suit; one was the Circle, near
Georgetown, and the other the one that Mr. Mills
prcfer^d, near the Center market, 011 the avenue.
The President finally decided to take the Circle;
and I doubt very much, if the Senator from Maine
was himself to be allowed to fix a place for the
statue, that he could find a better one in the neigh-
borhood of Washington.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, it is with
deference that I rise to express even a regret that
a word has been said on this occasion that can be
construed as in opposition to the motion for the
appointment of a committee to take part in the in-
auguration of this statue. I think that a work
of this kind, designed, as it is, and offered, as it
is, by the Congress of the Union in behalf of the
American people as a renewed evidence of their
gratitude to the Father of hi-s Country, should
have been elevated to its place without a word of
objection or doubt being raised upon this floor. I
think, sir, this statue should be elevated to its
pedestal, now prepared and awaiting it, with all
the ceremony, with all the formality', with all the
dignity, and with all the outward demonstration
of respect, that the congregated representatives of
• this country can lend to so imposing an occasion.
1 think we should act promptly, cordially, and
without a single \\ord of demurrer cither 011 ac-
count of its location or for any other reason. It
is now too late for any objection of that sort. I
think even this exception, or the doubt expressed
with respect to the propriety of erecting this mon-
ument, will strike the public pulse with regret: and
tBerc will be a sensation felt throughout the coun-
try, if not approaching to a painful one, as 1 said
before, amounting to a deep feeling of regret. I
have no doubt that the worthy Executive of this
I nation has made a selection of a site according to
| his best judgment—according to his enlightened
j judgment, under the advice of the artist, and of
' those whom he may have called about him; and
<< I, for one, am satisfied to abide by the decision
j; which he has made.
]j 1 believe he has made a very discreet selection,
1 j Monuments of this description are placed in other
!j portions of this city. We have one or two at the
'! eastern front of the Capitol. We have a monu-
ment, which reflects credit upon American art, in
front of the President's House Why not let us
placc a statue, a memorial of the Father of his
Country, at the other end of the city, near the
ancient corporation of Georgetown, from which
site, I am told, it may be seen approaching from
a far distance on the Potomac, and at which place
it may be seen from divers other spots about and
around the city, and from the hills which belt the
city in every quarter?
Before taking my seat, sir, I renew the expres-
sion of my regret, 111 perfect kindness to the gen-
tleman who has raised the objection; but it strikes
my mind that the proposition which is offered is
befitting; that the spot is desirable; that the slight-
est hesitation in rendering this ceremonial, and
appointing a committee to carry out tin: details,
would be injurious to the public mind, and would
reflect, to a certain degree, in the estimation of the
people, upon the patriotic fectings which do, I
know, actuate every member upon the floor of
this House.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I differ entirely
with the Senator from Maine, in the remarks he
has made. He is very much mistaken if he sup-
poses there is not a Senator 011 the floor who ap-
proves the action of the President in reference to
the selection of the site for this statue. I think
the President has exhibited both good taste and
great judgment ill making the selection. He has
chosen the only circle there is on the main avenue
of the city. He has chosen it in reference to the
advantages the circle will afford in embellishing
the grounds after the monument shall be erected.
He has made the selection in accordance with
what I believe to be the judgment of a large por- i
tion of the citizens of this city. It is in a portion j
of the city that is growing rapidly; and, so far
from the citizens opposing the selection, as far as 1
I understand public sentiment here, they are de- I
cidedly for it; and I shall resist any attempt to
make a change. I am very willing to vote a liberal
appropriation for the purpose of inaugurating the :
statue where it is proposed to be put, and I shall
resist any proposition to change it. ;
Mr. DAVIS. The suggestion of the Senator !
from Maine that a committee should be appointed
to confer with the President, seems to me to be
quite too long after the event. Having conferred 1
011 the President power to select the site, I do not :
see how we can now propose to raise a committee :
j to advise him as to the manner 111 which he shall :
j execute a trust that has been reposed 111 him. That '
I should have been donem the beginning, unless we ;
were willing to agree to let him exercise his disere- j
tion. As stated by the Senator from Indiana, he is I
quite mistaken in supposing there is any sentiment '
of the Senate agOTnst the selection the President
has made. I think it was very judiciously chosen.
The question of locality refers'itself to the plan of
the city, and to the associations connected with the
spot; and by the application of these two tests, I
think the place selected is probably as good as
any which could have been chosen. The radiat-
ing-of the streets from that circle renders it pos-
sible to view the statue from a great many points
advantageously, to see it as you approach it from
a great iriany directions. The ground which is
around it gives it an advantage, both in the view
and 111 the embellishment of the surroundings,
which could not have been had if a spot in the
central portion of the avenue had been selected.
Being the great thoroughfare along which both
the citizens and transient persons pass to and from
Washington and Georgetown, it seemed to be the
appropriate place for the statue of Washington 
and not to embellish somebody's ground, not to
furnish an object 111 tile PrcSTdent's or any other
park, but standing on the great channel of travel,
to be seen by ail who go from the one place to the
Otlli T.
1 hen the associations which are connected with
the subject seem to me to render it appropriate
From that point he looks fondly over his own
loved Potomac; looks to the slope of hills which
tend down to the residence at Mount Vernon:
■ ! looks to the heights of Georgetown, identified
I with his early reminiscences, and associated with
j his later days. Standing between the two eor-
Sjsporntions of "Washington and Georgetown, fnrm-
, j mg united the Federal District, or seat of Govern-
j- ment, I cannot imagine any place which combines
a greater number of recommendations than that
!' which the President has chosen. Therefore, I
!i have only to say to the Senator from Maine, that
11 I should dissent from any opposition to, or delay
i; in, raising the statue on the ground which has
'| been seleetecL I had not the%dvantage of hear-
j; ing all the remarks of the Senator from Mary-
j, land. I have, however, locked on this as an ex-
■ | ecutivo matter. Congress have made an appropri-
!i ation, and authorized the statue to be constiucted;
beyond that it was all executive; and whilst the
two Houses might attend the ceremony, I did not
see that the two Houses of Congress had any
legitimate conncction with the subject.
Mr. HALE. I simply rise at this time to say
that I feel no particular interest in this matter;
only. I want to wash my hands of any responsi-
bility for it at all; for I think, if there is anything
{ on earth that this Government has.been mostcmi-
t| nently unfortunate in, it is m its attempts to dec-
orate the grounds in this city with statuary and
|] ornamental work.
11 Mr. DAVIS. The SenatorNew Hamp-
ji shire will not understand as indorsing a statue
|i that I have never seen. I do not know what it is.
| Mr. HALE. That is my condition, and I want
to put in a little protest; it will not do any harm.
!• The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ha.m-
jj moxd] denominates the bronze statue of Jeflcr-
j: son, in the President's grounds, as a scare-crow,
j Well, sir, we have some on the east front of the
j] Capitol. I do not pretend to be a connoisseur in
j statuary or painting, or anything of that soit. I
! am not going to say anything that the chairman
j of the Committee on the Library [Mr. Pearce]
1 can come down on me for; but I do say that more
j horrid caricatures cannot be found m any wax
| museum traveling through the New England
: States for exhibition to the bovs, than are to be
I found 011 the east frontof your'CapitoI. They are
j perfectly horrid, sir. The artist has undertaken
to make a dog. and he does not look any more
, like a dog than would a heap of clay with a stick
I stuck into one end. [Laughter.] That is your
; dog. It is the most horribb looking thing I ever
saw. [Laughter.] A Senator asks me what
I makes me think it is a dog? It is because I am
! told that it is o dog.
j Mr. CLINGMAN. I have read in a paper that
i it did represent a dog.
| Mr. HALE. That is it; and it is an improve-
, ment 011 some of our old artistic works. I should
I like to have the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
| CniTTEN'DExj^ivehis opinion of Persico's statue
i of Columbus; I have heard some of his comments
j on it. I think that is a miserable abortion. If it
I looks like anything, it looks like a pretty stout
1 gymnastic gambler with a ball in his hand about
to roll at nine-pins. [Laughter.] That is the
idea it would suggest to a stranger Then, there
is another statue there that it used to be the fash-
ion to praise very much, ar.d that is Grcenough's
statue of Washington. That is earned off some-
what further from the Capitol, and, therefore, is
less offensive to good taste than it used to be when
it was nearer.
I am not an artist, sir; never was in Italy in
my life; cannot talk Italic-ji; and do not know
what is the opinion of connoisseurs on these mat-
ters; but I know how they strike me, a plain, un-
i sophisticated man. I think they are utter abor-
tions; and I am unwillingtoappropriate any more
of the public money for the purpose of filling up
the city with these scare-crows, as the Senator
from South Carolina has denominated them. I
recollect, sir, an old gentleman, who used to rep-
resent my State in some of the early Congresses,
stated that the order for filling up the panels of
the rotunda, that wasdone by Trumbull, wasdone
by ordering certain pictures so many feet long,
and so many feet wide; that was the only direc-
tion given; that certain dimensions should be
painted to fill up those places; and he remark, d,
" this is hiring painting to be done by the acre;"
and that was literally so. Rut, fortunately, or un-
fortunately, an artist happened to be standing by
