m
APPENDIX TO, THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Success of the Calhoun Revolution—Mr. Ashley.
Ho. off Reps.
guilty of no crime and no wrong, are subjected
at the hands of this party in almostevery southern
State. Even women, lone and defenseless, are not
exempt from indignities that ought to and must
forever disgrace the States and people who would
tolerate and sanction them. No trial, not even
the poor mockery of a trial, but the merest sus-
picion that the person is unfriendly to one of the
most infernal despotisms that ever blighted the
land or cursed the earth, is enough to bring upon
them tortures, outrages, and wrongs, that will
scarcely be credited by the Christian nations of
the world.
Sir, such things could not be done under the
despotism of Austria, the most despicable and
intolerant Government among civilized nations,
without shaking the throne to its foundation; and
yet such outrages are committed in one half the
States of the American Union by a great party,
whose leaders were once composed of able and
eloquent defenders of the rights of man. These
outrages are indorsed and approbated by the party
press and party loaders of the South, while no
word of condemnation or denunciation falls from
the lips of their northern allies upon this floor,
who must speak, if they speak at all, with great
deference in the presence of their political rulers.
For all these wrongs and outrages there is no re-
dress, and no probability of any redress, until the
inauguration of a Republican President. If such
outrages were committed by the citizens or Gov-
ernment of any foreign Power upon the persons
of any of our citizens who might be temporarily
residing in or passing through their country, no
matter what might be the opinions they enter-
tained of the Government or any of its institu-
tions, so that they committed no overt act against
the Government, it would be cause, anu just
cause, for war, if prompt redress were not given,
and a guarantee against the commission of such
outrages in the future were not secured. But
liere at home, in our own country, with a people
who sprang from the same ancestry, with the same
language, and equal rights under a common Con-
stitution, these outrages are committed, not only
with impunity, but are boasted of as feats of mar-
velous heroism.
Sir, do gentlemen expect the country to be blind
and dumb while such crimes are being committed
upon American citizens> If such is the expecta-
tion of southern gentlemen, let me beg them to
undeceive themselves. Why, what would you
say, what would the world say, of our manhood,
if such a thing were possible as silence and sub-
mission under the infliction of such monstrous
wrongs? Sir, there will be no such silence as is
sought, there_can be no such submission as is de-
sired and demanded; and let me ask how long
you suppose it will be, if these outrages are to
continue, before there will be a hundred John
Browns invading, your weak and defenseless
points at once; not John Browns with mercyto
their captives, and anxiety to save human life;
not John Browns controlled by a supposed reli-
gious duty; but John Browns burning for revenge
under the smart of outrages unjustly inflicted?
Think you that such a system of terrorism can
continue without retaliation? Do you suppose
that these men whom you outrage will flee from
your States into the free North, and quietly sit
oown and submit to this kind of treatment?
What would be the first impulse of a southern
man under such treatment? Would it not be for
retaliation ? And if a hundred, or five hundred,
or a thousand of you were outraged and wronged
in the brutal, barbarous, and cowardly manner
that northern citizens, guilty of no crime, have
been, would it not follow, as certainly as daylight
follows the rising of the sun, that a majority of
those who thus suffered, and as many of their
friends as they could collect, would get together
for the purpose of retaliation and revenge ? If we
of the North were living in a magazine, as you of
the South are, which could be exploded at any mo-
ment a match should be applied to it, would not
the victims of such outrages be inclined to apply
•* e match, and let consequences take care of
■.nemselves? _ I think the history of John Brown
and his associates in Kansas and m Virginia ought
to be a lesson to you on this point.
Sir, if there was any such spot in any of the free
States of the Worth, not even excepting Egypt,
in Illinois, whore, twenty years ago, violence
reigned supreme, and as gallant and brave and true
a man as ever lived fell a victim to this despotic
pro-slavery fanaticism; and where, even now, the
representatives of the dominant party declare
openly and unblushingly their willingness to do
the " dirty work" of slave-hunters if demanded
by the party—I say, if there was any such spot, not
even excepting Egypt, that would tolerate such
crimes and outrages as have been inflicted upon
free men of the North, and not only tolerate them,
but openly boast of and glory in them, I do not
hesitate to declare that the united voice of the peo-
ple of my district would be that such a spot needed
a purification such as the earth received in the
days of Noah; and, if they had the power, they
would submerge it for at least a generation, not
even providing an ark to save alive, for future
exhibition, the representatives of such a totally
depraved race.
Sir, all these crimes to which I have alluded,
all violations of the national or State constitutions,
sacred compacts and covenants, all disregard of
solemn ti eaties and just laws, have been the direct
result of the existence of slavery in the Govern-
ment. Without slavery, all would have been
peace, union,and concord. With it, and while it
continues, all will bo discord, division, and strife.
And for men claiming to be not only Democrats,
but Christians, with the history of six thousand
years to guide them, and the light of an everlast-
ing Gospel to direct them, to stand up before the
world and claim that human slavery and the hu-
man auction-block are good and desirable institu-
tions in any country, tropical or temperate, seems
like blasphemy. For southern Representatives
on this floor to boast of the happy and contented
condition of their slaves at home, while declaring
that they will dissolve the Union and light up the
country with the torch of civil war if we repeal
one of the most odious and obnoxious laws ever
enacted for the express purpose of keeping these
happy and contented slaves at home, or of forc-
ing them back by all the power of the Govern-
ment, should they escape, seems like self-contra-
diction. The assertion that slaveholders are the
only true friends of the slave would appear to
most men outside of slaveholding States an as-
sumption too transparent even for ridicule, espe-
cially when it is remembered that the slave sys-
tem must, of necessity, completely eradicate all
manhood from the nature of the slave. The as-
sertion that the Republican party arc madmen and
fanatics, enemies to good government and law
and order, is the assumption of Francis Joseph
of Austria and Napoleon of France and the des-
pots of all ages and all countries.
Mr. Chairman, slavery, like other despotisms,
cannot live where it permits free speech and a free
press. Hence its sedition laws and unconstitu-
tional enactments. It is only because .there is free
speech and a free press, free schools and a free
Church, in eighteen States of the American Union,
that slavery is dying to-day; and because it is
dying, its apostles are mad with the madness of
destruction. What the most distinguished mem-
bers of the Republican party could not do, they
are doing for us. The speeches made during the
eight weeks we remained unorganized in this
House have opened the eyes of thousands who,
until now, had been blinded to the purposes of
this power. They can be blinded no longer; and
they will join the friends of freedom in the com-
ing contest, and aid in taking possession of the
Government; and when once fairly taken posses-
sion of, the supremacy of the slave power will
be forever destroyed, slavery be assigned to limits
which it shall never pass, a Republican party be
organized in all the slave States, and the present
noisy advocates of slavery here and elsewhere
will bo reduced to insignificance and silence.
Mr. Chairman, the causes that brought the Re-
publican party into existence, and wiiich give it
its life and vitality to-day, are as eternal as the
principles of God s government; and as certainly
as truth and justice shall triumph over error and
wrong, so shall the triumph of freedom in this
country depend upon the fidelity of our party to
its principles. Let no friend of our cause be dis-
couraged here or elsewhere; for action and reac-
tion are reciprocal in the moral as in the natural
world. It cannot be that one class of mankind
shall forever exercise the same dominion over
another class of their fellow-men that they do over
the brute creation. The nation or community
which is guilty cannot escape without encounter-
ing the retribution which the ways of an all-wise
Providence have ordained, and which will inev-
itably come upon the wrong-docr. " God is not
mocked; and His judgments will not sleep for-
ever;" and so sure as justice is the foundation of
His government, so surely shall there come an end
to oppression and to slavery. I will keep this
faith or none. For, however strong and appar-
ently all-powerful the oppressor may be to-day,
we should remember that there is a Power above
all human power, which proposes and disposes
among the inhabitants of the earth as seemeth td
Him best; and to Him the oppressed may ever
look for succor; for as, in His greatness and ex-
cellence, He overthrew the hosts of Pharaoh of
old, who rose up against the children of Israel,
and with the blast of his nostrils blew the waters
together, so that the floods stood upright as a
heap, and the depths were congealed in the heart
of the sea until the fugitives passed over on dry
land,and then sentforth His wrath upon the face
of the deep, so that the waters returned again unto
their places, and the sea covered the slaveholders
who were pursuing them, and horse and chariot
and rider sunk as lead in the mighty waters, so
will He to-day, as in the past, avenge the wrongs
done the least and weakest of His children, and
bring destruction as a whirlwind upon the wrong-
doer.
Thus hath it ever been, and thus shall it ever
be. The nation or people who do not rule in
righteousness " shall perish from the earth." All
history proclaims that this is a decree as enduring
as time and as unchangeable as its author. When
the time for the exodus of this oppressed and
wronged race shall have come, as in the provi-
dence of God it surely will come, then neither the
power of your heretofore invincible Army, your
congressional slave codes and fugitive slave bills,
your system of terrorism and mob laws, or the
pretended adjudications of your "august tribu-
nal," will avail you in that hour; but the weakest
slave mother, with her simple and sublime faith
uplifted in prayer to the Great Supreme, may call
down against you, as did the bondmen of Egypt,
a Power in whose presence your squadrons shall
be consumed as stubble, and from before whose
face every oppressor of the land shall flee, and
the hearts of the judges of your Supreme Court
shall be turned to dust and ashes.
Sir, it is the purpose and mission of the Repub-
lican party to avert, if possible, the impending
doom which hangs like a black pall over the fu-
ture of the Republic. It is theirpurpose, if possi-
ble, toprevent,first, the political slavery, and then
the final subjugation of the poor whites to a des-
potism which, in all ages and all countries, has
been inseparable from even a milder form of ser-
vitude than ours. Remembering that the result of
slave systems has ever been the same; that it has
destroyed all the empires and republics which
have perished from the earth; and believing that
it will destroy this Republic of ours unless we
provide and prepare the way for its ultimate ex-
tinction, they have proposed to the people of all
sections and all former political parties a union,
first, to prevent the further spread of this evil, as
our fathers did, and secondly, to provide a way
for the final separation of the two races, by the
adoption of some such plan as I have alluded to.
If some just and fair plan is not adopted to pre-
vent the further spread of this evil, and secure the
liberation and separation of the two races, then
indeed may we look back in vain through the his-
tory of all the republics and nations that have
flourished and fallen, to find a people whose con-
dition was not preferable to the slaveholders of
the southern States; preferable in that security to
person and property which is indispensable to
peace and happiness. Sir, tliere is scarcely a Gov-
ernment to-day in civilized Europe whose citizens
do not enjoy greater security for their persons,
and that of their families, than do the slaveholders
of the South. Overtaxed and oppressed though
they may be and are, yet they enjoy a freedem
from apprehension which the slaveholder can
never know—an apprehension fearful and dark
as the grave, and which all must dread who sleep
