I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CON(mfiiRRTCWA'Ti OLOBE.
m
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abraham Lincoln, &c.—Mr. WaMwrne.
■ Ho. OF HEPS'.
beneath the overwhelming wing of slavery. There
is and there can be no security from this terrible
apprehension. It is inseparable from the slave
system. Night never closes her mantle around
the plantation home that a shudder docs not creep
through the heart of the master, and suspicion,
like an ever-watchful sentinel, sit upon his eye-
lids.
Sir, the policy of the Republican party is, by an
ultimate separation of the two races, to secure the
liberty and happiness of both, and remove forever
the cause of this cruel alarm and apprehension,
and thus to bring safety and prosperity where
now sectional jealousy and alienation, desolation
and fear, arc supreme; to cause the white-winged
sail of commerce, whose mission is peace, to cover
every southern river and fill every southern har-
bor; to reclaim her impoverished wastes, and
make her desolate places again the home of peace
and plenty. If this cannot be done, and speedily
done, and peacefully done, then, indeed, I fear the
day is not far distant when the genius of despair,
like an atmosphere, will pervade evei y habitation,
and flap its dark and desolating wings over your
fairest heritage; when peace shall flee from your
borders, and the terrible cry of " insurrection ! in-
surrection !" 4' to arms ! to arms!" shall be heard
from mountain to mountain, and by the side of
every riverand m every valley; when the shrieks of
flying women and helpless children will be borne
upon every gale,and theavenginghandof Heaven
shall be laid heavily upon you, as it was of old
upon the oppressors of the children of Israel. Sir,
I know of no way of escaping the like impending
doom, which has sealed the fate of all nations find
people who have preceded us that were gurlty of
this wrong, except by dealing justly, loving mercy,
and permitting this oppressed people, to go. When
this is done, peace and concord, prosperity and
happiness, shall again return to bless us as a free
and united people; and it can only return when
throughout the nation, on every foot of American
soil, and everywhere bcn'cath the national ensign,
the rights of humanity are fully recognized and
respected, and your law-makers shall yield to,
and your General and State governments shall
again be presided over and directed by the genius
of universal emancipation.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN: HIS PERSONAL HISTORY
AND PUBLIC RECORD.
SPEECH OF HON. E. B. WASHBURNE,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the House of Representatives,
Mmj 29, 1880.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Uuioa—
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said:
Mr. Chairman: The Republican party, through
its proper organization, has placed in nomination
for President of the United States Abraham Lin-
coln, of Illinois. The people, who will be called
upon to pass upon that nomination, have a right
to inquire into the life, the charactcr, and the po-
litical opinions of the man who is commended to
their suffrages for the highest office in their gift.
The State which I in part represent on this floor
having been honored by this nomination, I come
here to-day to speak of the personal and political
history of the candilate. I have known Mr.
Lincoln well for twenty years. I have known
him in private life; I have known him at the btir;
and have been associated with him in every polit-
ical contest in our State since the advent of " Tip-
pecanoe and Tyler too," in 1840. While I may
speak with the accents of a strong personal friend-
ship, I shall speak with the frankness of con-
scious truth, and, 1 trust, without exaggeration.
Springing from the humblest ranks in life, and
unaided by the adventitious supports of family or
wealth, Mr. Lincoln has reached his present ex-
alted position by the strength of his will, the power
of his intellect, and the honesty of his heart. He
was born in Hardin county, Kentucky, February
12, 1808; his family removed to Spencer county,
Indiana, in 1816, where he passed his boyhood
amid the roughest hardships and the most trying
experiences of a frontier life. Without schools,
and almost without books, he spent his time amid
the wild and romantic scenes of the border, alle-
viating the hard labors of the farm by the sport
of the huntsman. Of fine physical development,
with a vigorous intellect, quick intelligence* ready
wit, and gonial character,he gave early ovidenccs
of the superiority he has since attained. His first
advent into the great world, from the compara-
tive seclusion of his frontier home, was down the
Wabash and Ohio rivers m charge of a jiat-boat,
of a class known to all the old river men of the
West as " broad-hornsThese boats, laden with
the pi oductionsofihefarmers, floated down stream
until a market was found for the cargo; and when
that was disposed of, the boat itself was sold, and
those in charge made their way back, in the best
manner they could, to their homes. A great many
persons have heard Mr. Lincoln relate, with inim-
itable effect, the anecdotes of his experience of
that portion of his life.
In 3830, Mr. Lincoln emigrated to that State
with which his great name has now become his-
torically connected. He passed the first year in
Macon county, and actively labored on a farm,
where lie and a fellow-laborer, by the name of
John Hanks, split three thousand rails. This por-
tion of the history of Mr. Lincoln's life gave rise
to the incident in the late Republican State con-
vention at Dccatur, in Macon county, which
awakened the intensest enthusiasm of that vast
concourse of citizens from all parts of the State.
Mr. Lincoln was present as a spectator in that
convention, and was invited to take a seat upon
the platform. When he had taken his seat, it was
announced to the convention that John Hanks,
an old Democrat, who had grown gray in the ser-
vice of that party, desired to make a contribution
to the convention; and the offer being accepted,
forthwith two old-time fence rails, decorated with
flagsand streamers, were borne through the crowd
into the convention, bearing the inscription: Abra-
ham Lincoln, the rail candidate for President in
1860. Two rails from a lot of three thousand
made in 1830 by John Hanks and Abe Lincoln.
Theeffect was electrical. One spontaneousburst
of applause went up from all pans of the " wig-
wam." Of course, Mr. Lincoln was called out
and made an explanation of the matter. He stated
that, some thirty years ago, then just, emigrating
to the State, he stopped with his mother's family,
for one season, in what is now Macon county; that
he built a cabin, split rails, and cultivated a small
farm down on the Sangamon river, some six or
eight miles from Decatur. These, he was in-
formed, were taken from that fence; but, whether
they were or not. he had mauled many, and better
ones, since he had grown to manhood.
From Macon county he removed to a settlement
called New Salem, which was then in Sangtimon,
but now in Menard county. It was at NewSalem
that Judge Douglas says he first knew Lincoln;
and I cannot do better than to icad here an extract
from one of his speeches, made in the Illinois
campaign in 3858, at Ottawa:
" In the remarks I have made on this platform, and the
pomion of Mi. Lincoln upon it, I mean nothing personally
dibicspootful or unkind to that gentleman. I lmve known .
him for ncaily twenty-five years. There were many points j
of sympathy between us when we first got acquainted. We ,
were both comparatively boy<y and both Ftiugiditii? with j
poverty in a -strange land. T was a sehnnl-teachor in the ;
town of Winchester, and he a flourishing grocery-keeper in [
the town of Salem, lie was moresuecesslul in his oecupa '
tion than f was in mine, and Iicnce more fortunate in thus
world's goods. Lincoln is one of those pcculiay men who per-
form with admirable skill evciythm^ which they undertake.''''
—Lincoln and Douglas Debates, ji. G9.
The last sentence in the above cxtract is wor-
thy of especial note. Such a compliment ex-
torted from his bitterest adversary has a greatly
enhanced value. When Mr. Lincoln shall have
undertaken the adminstration of the Government
of this great country, the people will agree with j
Mr. Douglas that—
Lincoln is one of those pcc.uliar men who perform vdth ad-
mirable skill everything uhich they undertake
Again: Mr. Docglas, in a speech in the Sen-
ate of the United States, January 23, I860, refers
to Mr. Lincoln as one of" the ablest and most clear-
headed men" of the Republican party.
It may be proper, however, here, to let the fol- i
lowing reply of Mr. Lincoln be heard in regard
to his being a " flourishing grocery-keeper."
The Judge i* woftilly at fault about hi* early fi.Vnd Lin-
coln being a ' grocery-keeper.' I don't Know as it would
be a great eta, if I had bee« ; Imrhc ismista&cto. Lincoln
never kepta^roeeiy^anywhere in'the world. Itisxrae tfttft
Lincoln dtd work the latter j&xt&f one winter in a Utile
stifi-house, up at the head of a hollow."
Now it is proposed,-that as Lincoln spent a
M part of one winter in a little jtiU-hrouse, up at
the head of a hollow," lie shall spend.- the whole
of four winters, at least, in a large wkite house &t
-the head of Pennsylvania avenue.
The Black Hawk war having broken o«t, .Mr.
Lincoln was among the first to raise a company
of volunteers for that servicc, and he acquitted
himself with credit. Returning from that cam-
paign, he began u\ earnest to devote the energies
of his great intellect and superior will to the ac-
quisition of knowledge. He first acquired a
knowledge of theart of surveying, but the de-
mand for his serv ices in that line of business was
not sufficient to support him, and he was com-
pelled to surrender up his mathematical and sur-
veying instruments to the sheriff, to be sold on
execution.
Nothing daunted by his misfortune, then it was
he commenced the study of that profession upoa
which he has conferred so much honor, arm in
which he has attained so great a distinction. Bor-
rowing a few elementary law books, he learned
the rudiments of the profession by the dim light
thrown out from the nre-place of a log cabin. '
In 183G he was placed in nomination by thg
Whigs of Sangamon county, for a seat in the
lower branch of the Legislature, which then inot
at Vandalia. He was elected, and gave early
evidence of the superior qualities of his mind, and
his skill and power as a debater. He was -clccted,
and served two subsequent sessions. Wider ave-
nues were now opened to him in the acquisition of
general knowledge, and of the knowledge of the
law, which he improved to the utmost. Chang-
ing his residence from a precinct in the county to
Springfield, which had then becomc the capital of
the State,and where he has ever since resided, he
was admitted to the bar, and embarked in -his pro-
fession. His success was immediate. He dis*^
played a knowledge of the principles of the law
almost intuitive, and his arguments were iflarkeifc
by strength of reasoning, keenness of logic,a rongh
eloquence, and a flow of wit and humor. ;His
fairness to his adversary, his disdain of airtfte'.
little tricks which sometimes disgrace the prafes-.
sion, his entire candor and truthfulness, his ori-
ginal and easy mode of illustration, made him all
powerful before a jury. He now tanks as tht
ablest and most successful lawyer in the State,
My first knowledge of Mr. Lincoln was ia the-
great campaign of 1840. Ho was then an «Je<#<>i
on the Harrison electoral ticket He stumped
the middle and lower part of the State wifeii great
effect, traveling from the Wabash to the Missis-
sippi in the hot months of July and August, shak-
ing with the ague one day, and addressing the
people the next, and establishing a reputation ag
one of the most effective and popular speakers ir
the State, a reputation which he has ever since
maintained.
From 1840 to 1844 Mr. Lincoln devoted him-
self entirely to the active pursuit of his profession.
The Clay campaign of 1844 brought him agai#
into the political arena, and he headed the Whig
electoral ticket in that canvass. He stumped the
State, speaking to immense audiences everywhere
he went, winning the applause of his friends, a.nd
extorting the admiration of his enemies, fivr his
eloquent and masterly expositions of the prin-
ciples of his party. After the defeat of Mr. Clay,
and up to 1846, ho was found devoted to his pro-
fession. In August of 1846 ho was elected to
Congress, by the Whigs of the Springfield dis-
trict, to succeed Colonel E. D. Baker.
In Dceember, 1847, Mr. Lincoln took his scat
in Congress, it is but proper that his recorded
opinions, while a member of Congress, upon the
questions then agitating the country, should be
known, and I now propose to briefly review the
record made by him in the Thirtieth Congress.
In the House of Representative, on the 3d of
January, 1848, Mr. Evans, of Maryland, offered
the following icsolution:
" llesoiccd, That the rnpitulfUion of Monterey meets with
the entire ^anftion rtiul a[>piohnt,on ot' this Congress, and
that the torm^ot thateapituUiuon were creditable to the
Immunity ami tktli of *iie uai'uut Ta\ !oi, a.- the achieve-
ment of the victory ot'Monterey was glorious to our arms."
