1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
him, though he did not know it, and he said to
the gentleman, " if you will tail at my room in
New York when you go through, 1 willshowyou
some painting that was not done by the acre;"
and lie did.
These are ray views, candidly expressed. I
think that every attempt that we have made has
put us deeper in the mire. Greenough's statue,
I thought, was very bad, but that one on the left
hand of the cast door on the portico, is infinitely
worse; and I do hope that until we liavegotsome
better mode of selecting works of art, we shall
not undertake to ornament our grounds in this
way. I am not saying a word against this statue,
because I do not know anything about it, and
have not seen it. Possibly when it comes out, it
may illustrate that my comments were unneces-
sary, that we have made wonderful progress in
the arts, and that this statue may be something
different from what we have had.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
while he is criticisingthe worksof artof i he Gov-
ernment here, 1 ask him to give his opinion on
the statue of Jackson by Mr. Mills. He omitted
that. That is the reason I ask lnm the question.
Mr. HALE. I omitted that for th:s reason: I
rather think that is better. [Laughter.] I do
absolutely. I want to be candid ; but still the
Senator should rehtember that I am not skilled in
these matters. I do not pretend to have any pro-
fessional taste about them. I only judge of them
as they strike my eye. I am free to say that, while
I have heard some who pretend to be connoisseurs,
and some who pretend to be artists, criticise that
statue, it strikes me favorably, I rather like the
looks of it. I think it is an improvement.
Mr. HAMMOND. I will ask the Scnatoran-
other question, as he is going into the catechism:
What do you think of the statues of Crawford in
the old Representative HalP
Mr. HALE. That new one ?
Mr. HAMMOND. That is to be put on the
dome of the Capitol.
Mr. HALE. I have not looked at that very
particularly; but I confess it lias not struck me as
anything very creditable. 1 will say that. I have
not examined it very critically; but the impres-
sion it has made on my mind is, that it is far from
being a very fine work of art.
Mr. HAMMOND. I do not think the Senator
understands me. There is a series of statues in
the old Representative Hall, intended to adorn the
new Halls, from Crawford. Have you not seen
them ?
Mr. HALE, Yes, I have.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not undertake to
express an opinion on any of these works of art,
for I do not consider myself competent to judge
of them at all. I was evidently a little too fast in
supposing that my opinion of the proposed loca-
tion of this statue was of any consequence, or that
it was so palpable a mistake as I had supposed.
But, sir, I have not been convinced that I was
wrong hy any of the arguments which have been
used." I should think that the honorable Senator
from South Carolina evidently agreed with me;
but his difficulty is in finding a better place. I
think we need not be in a very great hurry about
the place. This statue, I suppose, will keep for
a short time; and it is better to delay lor a reason-
able period the location of the statue, than to put
it up ill a place that is evidently unfit for it. No
harm is done by waiting for a short time.
I cannot agree with my friend from New Jer-
sey, that we pay any disrespect to the memory
of General Washington, or that we injure any-
body's sensibilities, or diminish anybody's patri-
otism, by refusing to make an appropriation to put
-his statue in a place that is not fitted for it. If 1
considered that this was a proper location, it might
be another thing. I know very well that there has
been a great deal of feeling in this city, and per-
haps in Georgetown, but if, in our action with
regard to matters and things in general coming
under our jurisdiction and connected with this city
and the city of Georgetown, we are to be influ-
enced and controlled by the thousand notions and
feelings which agitate the people about here in
relation to matters connected with what they deem
their own individual interest, there wll be an end
to any decent legislatfbn at all on such subjects.
I am willing mvself to hear what they have to say if
I do not have to hear too much of it; but as to being
particularly influenced by their wishes and their
notions—Georgetown against Washington, and
Washingt on against Georgetown, and westagainst
east, and so on—we should find ourselves in infinite
difficulty all the time if we paid any attention to
it. The question is for us to settle, or perhaps
not now for us to settle, because we have com-
mitted itto the President of the United States; but
if Congress should come to the conclusion that the
plac# selected is a bad one, there is certainly no
objection to its interposing so far as to remonstrate
on the subject, and so far as to withhold the appro-
priations necessary to carry out the thing itself.
That is a matter of opinion. I have an opinion
one way, very decidedly Other gentlemen think
otherwise; but I am not convinced, even by the
argument of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] as to the place. The great point as it
seems to him is that this circle is an excellent place
as somebody said to start from, to go anywhere.
Well, you can find a great many such places
where if you place yourself you can go off in any
direction; but it is not high, it is not elevated;
and the associations connected with this particular
spot are, in my judgment, purely imaginary, and
the honorable senator drew on his imagination for
them. I do not suppose that the spirit of Wash-
ington, in looking down upon us, will feel very
much affected by the fact that this statue looks
upon the Potomac river, if it does look upon it.
We ore about enlarging the public grounds.
We think of extending them for some distance
on each side of the Capitol, I do not know how
far;an8*we probably shall do so before a long
period; and we also propose to extend them in
front of the Capitol. It is a work of a little time.
We unquestionably could find a very good loca-
tion on the public grounds for this statue. I should
be glad to remove the statue of Greenough and
put this m its place, and find somf less conspic-
uous place for that; for I confess, although I have
no taste and judgment in such matters, that I do
not like that, and never did; and I believe I am
not singular m my distaste to the whole style of
that statue.
But, sir, at any rate, I merely wish to test the
sense of the Senate on the subject. 1 shall make
no motion; but, simply to show my opinion about
it, I shall vote against the resolutions that are of-
fered in relation to it, and the sense of the Senate
can as well be tested in that way as any other.
If the majority of the Senate shall think it is best
to go on with this matter, to appropriate the
money, and put up this statue immediately, to
gratify the strong wish that exists, perhaps, in
the mind of some of the people of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown on the subject, I
have nothing to say. I have no feeling about it
at all—not a particle. All I wish is, that while
we are doing this thing, it may be well and prop-
erly done; and if the majority decide that this is
doing it well and properly, and m good taste and
judgment, I am content.
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President 
Mr. SLIDELL. I appeal to the Senator from
South Carolina to allow the question to be taken
without further debate. I have yielded the con-
sideration of the special order long enough.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 rose only to offer an
amendment; but I will say one word to the Sen-
ator from Maine. Perhaps of all the bodies in the
world, the one leadt competent to select a site for
this statue would be the Senate of the United
States and the House of Representatives. It is a
matter for artists and committees of art, and wo
ought to say nothing about it. I move to add to
the resolution:
And that .<510,00!) be appiopiiated to pay tlie expenses of
the inauguration.
The resolution brought in by the Senator from
Maryland was for §3,000. I suppose the reason
that was recommended by the Secretary of (be
Interior—and m these days the Administration
does not like to take the responsibility of spend-
ing money—was because that sum was appropri-
ated for the inauguration of the statue of Jackson;
but Jackson's statue was a private work by the
Jackson Monument Association, and I presume
they contributed very largely out of their own
funds to its dedication. This is wholly a Federal
work. When the statue of Washington was in-
augurated two years ago in the capital of Virginia,
that State appropriated $i!0,000 to defray the ex-
penses of the inauguration, and I think §10,000 is
as little as the Federal Government ought to ap-
propriate under similar circumstances. I would
prefer $25,000, but I will take the sense of the
Senate on <$10,000.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to my friend from
South Carolina, that if he insists on this amend-
ment, itdestroys thewhole resolution. Itisutterly
out of the question that you can get through a
resolution appropriating money 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) ThffChair will state to the
Senate that the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina is not in order, the resolution of
the Senator from Mississippi being simply a Sen-
ate resolution. It would be in 'order to offer tho
amendment of the Senator from South Carolina
to the resolution of the Senator from Maryland,
that being a joint resolution.
Mr. BROWN. On this point, lest the remarks
of the Senator from South Carolina should make
some improper lodgement somewhere, I will say
that my notion is, that we had" better appoint a
joint committee to superintend the erection of
the statue, leaving the footing of the bills to sub-
sequent action. I am not at all opposed to the
resolution of the Senator from Maryland. On tho
contrary, I am for it; and I am for the increased
sum. I want to see this statue properly inaugu-
rated; but a resolution to appoint a committee to
superintend the doing of the thing, and another
resolution to pay tho expenses after it is done, are
two very different propositions. The resolution
before you only proposes to appoint a committee
to superintend the erection of the statue.
Mr. HAMMOND. I should like to know
where the money is to come from in tho first
place, if the committee is appointed?
Mr. BROWN. Out of the Treasury.
Mr. HAMMOND. What right have you to
put your hands in the Treasury without an ap-
propriation ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An appropri-
ation requires the sanction of Congress. This
resolution requires the sanction of the Senate
only.
Mr. HAMMOND. I presume the resolution
of the Senator from Mississippi requires the ac-
tion of both Houses. It provides for a joint com-
mittee.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. HAMMOND. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. PEARCE. It seems to me, Mr. President,
that if we are to do anything on this subject, and
to act at all on this resolution, it would be better
to take up the resolution offered by me some days
ago, which appropriates a sum sufficient for the
purpose of the inauguration of this statue. Then
the Senator can try his resolution as an amend-
ment to that. That is a joint resolution; and if
committees of the two Houses are to be appointed,
Senator's adding to my i
has offered. I think that would be the best plan.
I do not purpose to discuss the questions of taste
raised by the Senator from New Hampshire. I
know that the Senate is very impatient, and I do
not mean to reply to his remarks, for two very
good reasons. In the first place, this is not the
proper occasion for discussing critically the char-
acter and mcritsef the statues which surround the
Capitol; and, in the next place, if it%vere, the Sen-
ator himself has given a very good reason why lie
should not be answered. I have no doubt he is a
sincere man, and speaks precisely what he knows;
and he tells us that he is not an amateur, that lie
is not a connoisseur, and that he has no artistic
taste.
. Mr. HALE. I did not say that.
1 Mr. PEARCE. Well, as he has not affirmed
i that he has any, I suspect that it is wanting. Then,
! taking the Senator at bis own word, I really must
! say that I do not think his criticism has that au-
I tliority which would weigh with the Senate, In*
j deed, lie has only caricatured the statues. I have
j heard the late John Quincy Adams say of Wash-
I ington's statue by Mr. Greenough, that it was a
work of very great merit; and he had seen almost
- all the works of art of this kind in Europe. It is
^ true, that among the myriads of statues which are
; found oil the other continent, there are very few
! which are chef d'eeuvres. Out of thousands, proh-
i ably only a hundred would receive the universal
