1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
became reduced in circumstances, and yet he ex-
pended large sums of money to procure Hill's
arrest. lie hired messengers to go into Canada,
and throughout the States, seeking the fugitive.
He held communication with persons in Mexico.
He employed the police of the different cities. He
informed me that he expended thousands of dol-
lars to secure Hill's arrest. The evidence before
the Committee on the Judiciary clearly shows
that the old man could not, by $my possibility,
have had any complicity in the arrangement; but
that, on the contrary, he acted in good faith en-
tirely. He is sixty-odd years old, and has a fam-
ily to support. He has done all in his power, as
a good citizen, to secure Hill's arrest. The recog-
nizance would take from him §6,000—aboutevery
cent he has in the world.
The Committee on the Judiciary, at the last
session, reported a bill in favor of this claimant,
releasing him from his recognizance, and the bill
passed the House. The committee have now
again reported a bill in his favor; and I believe
that Congress ought at once to pass it, and remit
this old man's recognizance. I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that the bill be referred
to a Committee of t)ie Whole House; and I make
the motion in no spirit of unldndness, or in any
way doubting the justice of the measure.
'I he SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question cuts off the motion to commit.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for a division
of the House on ordering the main question to be
put. I protest, sir, against stifling all legitimate
action on bills thatare introduced into the House.
I will prevent it by all the means in my power.
I demand tellers on the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes
and Rdst were appointed.
The main question was ordered; the tellers
having reported—ayes 90, noes 35.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS. The course we are now pur-
suing is just what I feared when I came into the
Hall this morning. I now move that the House
resolve itself in to aCommittee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. Unless we do that, the
whole day will be consumed with these reports,
arid we shall do nothing with the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
from New York to yield to me a moment.
Mr. BRIGGS. For a moment.
STEWART McGOWAN.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I am instructed,by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, to report back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, an act (S.
No. 219) for the relief of Stewart McGowan; and
I ask that the bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I call for the reading
of the bill.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Stewart McGowan on the roll of invalid
.pensioners, and cause h-im to be paid the sum of
twenty dollars per month, to commence from and
after the 1st day of January, 1859, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Mr. GARTRELL. I insist upon my motion.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I have the floor; and
I call for the reading of the report.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. That bill makes an appropriation, and
must be sent to the Committee of the Whole
House. , , .
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman from Ohio
will listen to me one moment 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to have'the
question of order first settled.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to listen to me a moment.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. 1 cannot yield now.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask, Mr. Speaker,
if a question of order is not in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I raise 'my
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The bill merely directs the name of the
applicant to be placed upon the roll of invalid pen-
sioners.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But at so much a
month.
The SPEAKER. The money is already ap-
propriated ; and this bill only designates one of the
individuals who are to have the benefit of it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must beg the favor
of havinj the bill read again.
Mr. SIMMS. I can tell the gentleman what it
is. '
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to show
that there is an appropriation contained in the bill.
The bill was read again.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was right in say-
ing that the bill made an appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
it has been the practice of the House not to con-
sider such a bill as this an appropriation bill. The
placing the name of an individual upon the'pen-
sion roll is not making an appropriation; and it
has been so held by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know nothing about this
case; but it seems to me that the Chair does not
comprehend the precise point made by the gentle-
man from Virginia. There is not yet one cent of
money appropriated to pay this pensioner, under
this bill, if his name is put upon the roll of invalid
pensioners; but this bill appropriates it. The Sec-
tary of the Interior is directed to pay McGowan
twenty dollars a month; but there is no bill which
appropriates any money to this pensioner, or to
any other pensioner whose name is not now upon
the list.
Mr. DELANO. 1 rise to a point of order.
When the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kel-
logg] moved to put his bill upon its passage, I
suggested the same difficulty and embarrassment
which are how obvious to the House. Now an-
other motion is made by the gentleman from Ohio
to putanother private bill upon its passage. Now,
when he has made that motion, I submit that he
exhausted his right to the floor; and that it is my
privilege to take the floor, and move to commit
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. This is the first time
that I have known the floor to be claimed in such
a manner.
Mr. DELANO. It is obvious that if the pre-
cedent set by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Kellogg] is to be followed, instead of going
through the call of committeesfor the reports which
we have been prepared to make, for weeks and
weeks, in the discharge of our duties, we shall en-
tirely defeat the objectfor which our rules arc made.
I now ask gentlemen that, waiving their supposed
privilege of putting bills upon their passage, they
return to the proper order of business, allow the
call of committees to proceed, and refer such bills
as are prepared.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the course now is in accordancc with the universal
practice of the House, and that it is the regular
order of business under the rule.
Mr. DELANO. If the point is not understood,
I propose to make it more distinctly.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I call the gentleman
to order. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DELANO. I appeal, then, with all defer-
ence to the Chair, from that decision, and I wish
to state 
The SPEAKER. From what does the gentle-
man appeal ? Does he appeal from the^ decision
of the Chair that the gentleman from Ohio has the
floor? ,
Mr. DELANO, My point is, that the gentle-
man from Ohio cannot retain the floor throughout
the day; that he exhausted his right to it when
he moved to put the bill ilpon its passage,.and,
that I could then take the floor and move to-refer
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. ASHMORE. I move to Jay tho appeal'
upon the table. • ' ■
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that, the*
gentleman from Ohio has the floor, and that' it.
cannot be taken from him for the purpose indica-
ted. If the gentleman appeals from that decision
his appeal is in order. _
Mr. DJ3LANO. I understand that the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Simms] can obviate (he
difficulty if I withdraw my appeal. I therefore
withdraw it.
Mr. SIMMS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Ohio consents to yield to me the floor for one mo-
ment. If I can have the attention of the House for
two minutes, and any gentleman will rise in his
place and urge any objection to the passage of
this bill, at this time, after hearing what I have
to say, I will then be willing that it shall take its
regular course. This bill proposes to give a pen-
sion of twenty dollars per month to Captain Stew-
art McGowan during his natural life. Captain
McGowan is now seventy-six years of age, is
poor, and has been prostrated by disease upon his
bed for about four years. In ths? war of 1812 he
was one of the bravest of the brave sons of Ken-
tucky, who imperiled life, fortune, health and all,
in the service of his country. As captain, he
raised and commanded two companies during
that war. A part of his command was engaged
in the bloody battle of the Raisin. When the foe
had been driven from the territories of the North-
west, he learned that the British were about to
attack the city of New Orleans. Having no time
to organize a company, he went upon his own
responsibility, paid his own expenses, and joined
the ranks that fought the glorious battle of the
8th of January, 1815, under the command of the
brave old hero of the Hermitage.
This old soldier, now with the mantle of age
upon him, and with ruined health and sinking
powers, sends his petition to the Government he
has served so well, so faithfully, and so bravely,
asking bread to sustain him as he rapidly passes
down the hill of life. Sir, there is no member upon
this floor so dead to every impulse of gratitude as
to refase, under these circumstances, the just de- '
mands of this brave, gallant old soldier,as he goes
tottering upon the staff of age and honor to his
grave. I am willing, with this statement, to sub-
mit this matter to the disposition of the House.
Mr. DELANO. A single word in answer to
the1 gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio. I call the previous
question upon the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MARTIN, of Ohio, moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SIMMS. I desire to state here that this
poor man is now seventy-six years of age.
The question was taken, and the bill was passed.
Mr. VANDEVER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to give notice to the
House that I shall ask to take up the light-house
bill on Thursday, the 3d of May; and I request
that any amendment or addition to the bill which
members may want to present, may be communi-
cated to me in season.
CASSIUS M. CLAY.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House.
The motion was agreed to. .
The House'accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Winslow
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Cassius M. Clay the sum
