ms
APPENDIX TO THE CONGrEESSIONAH GLOBE.
[May 29.,
36th Com... 1st Sess.
Abraham Lincoln, &c—-Mr. Washburne.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. AshmunjOfMassachusetts, moved to amend
by adding the words: "in a war unnecessarily
and unconstitutionally begun by the President of
the United States." The yeas and nays were
ordered upon this amendment, and it was agreed
to—yeas 85, nays 81. (Congressional Globe, vol-
ume 18, page 95.) It was a strict partyvote, every
Whig member of the House voting in the affirma-
tive. Among the distinguished names of those
who voted for this amendment 1 find that of Abra-
ham Lincoln. I find also that he voted in what
would now be called good Democratic company,
and with men who are at the present time bright
and shining lights in the Democratic party, and
who have never been denounced as traitors, taking
sides with the enemy in time of war. Hon.
Thomas L. Clingmast, at present a Democratic
Senator from North Carolina; Hon. Alexander
H. Stephens, of Georgia, a leader of the Demo-
cratic party in the House of Representatives for
several Congresses prior to the present one; Hon.
Thomas Butler King, of Georgia, now a Demo-
cratic member of the Senate of that State; Hon.
Daniel M.Bamnger,of North Carolina, late Min-
ister to Spain, now a Democrat;and Hon. Robert
Toombs, the present able and distinguished Sen-
ator from Georgia, all of whom served with Mr.
Lincoln in the Thirtieth Congress—with whom
Mr. Toombs says, in a late speech, he had an
" agreeable acquaintance,'5 and all of whom voted
precisely as Mr. Lincoln did, for this amendment
of Mr. Ashmun.
In regard to this vote, I prefer to let Mr. Lin-
coln speak for himself. In replying to a speech
of Judge Douglas, in the celebrated campaign in
our State in 1858, Mr. Lincoln said:
"And so I think my friend, the Judge, is equally at fault,
when he charges mc, at the time when 1 wa-> in Congress,
with having opposed our soldiers wlvo were fighting in the
Mexican war. The Judge did not make his charge v<5ry
distinctly; hut I can tell you what he can prove by refer-
ring to the record. You remember 1 was an old Whig, and
whenever the Democratic party tried to get me to vote that
the war had been righteously begun by the President, i
would wot do u. Hut whenever they <u>ked lor any money,
or laud warrant*, or anything to p iy thesoldierstheie, din-
ing all that time, I gave the same vote that Judge Douglas
did. You can think as you please, ad to whether that was
consistent. fc>uch is the tiuth ; and the Judge has the nght
to make all he can out of it. ISut when he, by a general
charge, conveys the idea that I withheld supplier fiom the
soldiers who were fighting in the Mexican war, « r did
anything elsu to binder the soldiers, he is, to say the lea-t,
grossly and altogether mistaken, as a consultation of the
records will prove to him."—Lincoln and Douglas Debates,
p. 75.
In a speech in this House, on the 27th day of
July* 1848, Mr. Lincoln, referring to the same
matter, spoke in the following language of truth,
eloquence, and patriotism:
" If, when the war had begun, and had become the cau->c
of the country, the giving of our money and our blood, in
common with your.--, was support of the wai, then it not
true that wo have always opposed the war. With few indi-
vidual exception?, you have constantly had our votes iiere
for all the riccessary supplies. And, more than this, you
have had the services, tiie blood, and the lives, of our polit-
ical brethren, m every trial, and on every field. The beard-
less boy and the matuie man, the humble and the distin-
guished—you have had them. Through suffeiing and death,
by disease and in battle, they have endured and fought and
fell with you. Clay and Webster each gave a sou never to
be returned. From the State of my own residence, besides
other worthy hut less known Whig names, we sent Mar-
shall, Morrison, Baker, and Hardin; they all fought, and
one fell, and in the fail of that one we lost our best Whhj
man.
"Nor were the Whigs few in number, or laggard m the
day of danger. In that featful, bloody, breathless, stiuggic
at Buena Vista, where each man's hard task was to brat
back five foes or die himself, of the live high officers who
perished, tour were Whig>.
" In speaking of tbH, I mean no odious comparison be-
tween the lion hearted Whigs and Democrats who fought
there. On other occasions, and among the lower officers
and privates on that occasion, I doubtnotthe proportion was
different. I wi«h to do justice to all. f think ot all those
brave men as Ameiicaus, in whose piond fame, as an Amet-
ican,l too have a share. Many of them, Whigs and Dem-
ocrats, are my constituents and personal friends; and I
thank them—moie than thank tiiein—one and all, for the
high, imperishable honor they have confeired on our com-
mon State.—Vongiessional Globe, vol. 19, p. 1042.
Such being thepatrioticandconsistent position
of Mr. Lincoln on the war, when the bill for sup-
plies for our army in Mexico came up on the 8th
day of March, 1848, his vote is, of course, found
recorded in favor of the bill. (Congressional
Globe, vol. 18, p. 445.)
Following this up, we find Mr. Lincoln ever
watchful of the interests of the soldier, proposing
to extend the bounty land act, not only so far as
regarded the volunteers to Mexico, but to the
war-worn veterans of 1812; thus putting in mo-
tion that great measure of public justice which
was finally meted out to those brave and patriotic
men. On the proposition to amend the bounty j
land law of February 11,1847, which was passed
before Mr. Lincoln became a member of Con-
gress, Mr. Lincoln spoke as follows:
" If there was ageneial desire on tlic part of tiic House to
pass the bill now, lie should be glad to have it done—con-
curringas h  did generally with the gentleman Irom Arkan- <
sas, [Mi. Johnson,] that the postponement might jeopard i
the safety of the proposition. If, however, a icferenee was >
to be made, he wished to make a verj few icmarks in rela- !
tionto the several subjects desired by gentlemen to be em- j
braced in amendments to the ninth section of the act of ,
the last session ot Congress. The first amendment defied !
by members of this House had for its only object to give j
bounty lands to such persons as had served tor a time as j
privates, but had never been discharged as such, because j
promoted to office. That subject, and no other, wa- em- i|
braced in this bill. There, weie some otheis who de-lied. |j
while they were legislating on this subject, that they should | \
also give bounty lands to the volunteers of the war of 1812. ;;
His friend from Maryland [Mi. Evans] said uiero sverc no
such men. lie (Mr. L.) did not say tiieie were many, but
he was very confident there were some. His fiiend hom
Kentucky near lum [Mr. Gaines] told him he himselt was
one.
"There was still another proposition touching tins mat-
ter; that was, that persons entitled to bounty land should
bvlaw be entitled to locate these lands in parcels and not
be required to locate them in one body, as was provided by
the existing law.
"Now, he had carcfullydiawn tip a bill embracing these
separate proportions, winch he intended to piopose as a
substitute for all these bills m the House, or in Committee
of the Whole on the state ot the Union, at >omc suitable >
time. If there was a disposition on the part ot tiic Ilou.-e
to act at once on this sepaiate ptopoMtion, lie iep"ated
that, with the gentleman irom Aikansa*, be should prefer j
it, lest they should lose all. But it theie was to be a icfer !
ence, he desiied to introduce his lull embiacing the three '
propositions—thus enabling the committee and the House j
to act at the same time, whether favoiably or unfavorably, ,
upon all."—Congressional Globe. \ol. 18, p. 530.
Thus it will be seen that Mr. Lincoln not only
favored the bill before the House, but he pro-
posed embracing the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and also to authorize the soldier to locate, his
land in parcels, and not be obliged to locate it in
one body; a most just and liberal proposition.
On the great question of rivers and harbors
Mr. Lincoln is eminently sound and practical,
and his views must meet with the apptobation of
the country. On the 2s2d of June, 1848, he made
a spcech in the House ot* Representatives, on the
message of President Polk vetoing the river and
harbor bill. In reply to that part of the message
of Mr. Polk touching the suggestion of u change
of the Constitution, he made the following ob-
servations, which should milk deep into the hearts
of the Amercan people:
" A^ft general rule, I think we would do much better to
let it alone. No 'liirht occasion should tempt us to touch
it. Better not take the lir-t .step, which may lead to a habit
ofaiteimgit. Hettei rather habituate ou^civo-^ to think
of it as unalterable. It can <-eaieely be made better than
it is. New provisions would intioduce new difficulties,
and thus cieafe and increase appetite lot t-till further
change. No, sir; let it ^tand as it is*. New hands have
never touched it. The men who made it have done then
work, and have passed away. Who shall improve on what
they did V'
After conclusively replying lo the arguments
of the message, Mr. Lincoln proceeds with the
following eminently practical suggestions:
"Detciminc that the thing can and ^hail be done, and
then we shall find tlx' way. The tendency to umliK" ex-
pansion n unquestionably the chief difficult). How to do
something and still no! todo too mwfr, i> the destdei.iuim.
Let each con tribute ins mite in tin* way ol Mijuc.-rion. The
late Filas VVught, in a letter to the Chicago convention,
contnbntcd ln>, which was woith hometmng; and I now
contubtite mine, which mav bo woifh notmng. At all
events, It will implead nubodj, and, tin'iuioie. u ill do no
harm. T would not bonow money. T am again*.} an over-
whelming, ciu^iung s\ tem. Suppose that, at each se^ioo,
Congress"shall first determine how mifh money can, foi
that >ear, be spared lor improvements; then apportion that
sum to the most, impoitant objects. So tar, ail is easy : but
how shall we deteimme winch are the most impouant5
On tins question comes the collision of inteiest*. I shall
be slow to acknowledge that i/c-vr haiboi or you) nver h
more important than mine, and vice versa. To clear thi->
difficulty, let us have that same statistical infonnation
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] suuge-ted at
the beginning of tin*; session. fn that mfoimatiou we .shall
have astern, unbending basis ot facts—a basis in no wise
subject to whim, capnee, or local interest. The prelimited
amount of means wdl save us from doing too much, and
the statistics will save us fiom doing what we do in xirotiq
places. Adopt and adhere to this eour&c, and, it seems to
me, the difficulty is cleaied."—Congressional vol-
ume 19, page 709-
On the passage of the river and harbor bill by
the House, August 11, 1848, Mr. Lincoln's name
is found in the affirmative. (Congressional Globe,
vol. 18, page 1062.)
The tariff question was not up in Congress
during M r. Lincoln's term of service, but he nev-
ertheless had an opportunity, of putting himself
upon the record in favor of protecting the great
interests of American labor.
Hon. Andrew Stewart, of Pennsylvania, ealled
" Tariff Andy,"on the 19th of June, 1848,asked
leave to introduce the following resolution:
" Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiuctcd to inquiie into the expediency of repoiting a
bill incicat>ing the duties on foreign luxuries of all kinds,
and on such ioicign manufacture.' as are now coming into
ruinous competition with Amciiean labor."
Upon the question being taken, Mr. Lincoln
voted in the affirmative. (Congressional Globe, vol.
18, page 852.)
Mr. Lincoln was an early and consistent advo-
cate of the doctrine of slavery prohibition in the
Territories, and of the power of Congress over
them. He voted for the amendment to the Ore-
gon bill, which extended the ordinance of 1787
over Oiegon Territory, and for the bill thus
amended. (Congressional Globe, vol. 18, page
1027.)
Such is the record made by Mr. Lincoln on all
the important matters before Congress while he
was a member. Though serving his constituents
with ability and fidelity, and to the entire satis-
faction of his friends, he declined a renomination,
preferring the quiet pursuitof his profession,and
the enjoyments of private life, to the blandish-
ments of office and the turmoil of political strife.
Yet, such was his interest in political matters,
and so deeply did lie feel the importance to the
country of the success of the principles he up-
held, that he actively participated in the presi-
dential contest of 1852.
The repeal of the Missouri compromise,in 1854,
called Mr. Lincoln again into the field of politics,
and he threw himself into the great contcst of that
year with all the energy of his character and the
power of his will. Stumping the State in all
: directions, and speaking to immense audiences,
: he awakened the people to the aggressive charac-
ter of that legislation, and called on them to re-
buke that " ruthless hand 5} which dared to break
down that sacred compromise, and which, in the
words of Senator Douglas, " was akin to the
Constitution, and canonized in the hearts of the
American people."
Upon the Legislature elected that year devolved
the duty of electing a United States Senator, m
the place of General Shields, who had voted for
! the Kansas-Nebraska bill. The Whigs and Anti-
| Nebraska Democrats constituted a majority of
! both branches of that Legislature, but five sixths
| of this majority had been Whigs, and Mr. Lin-
! coin was their first choice for Senator. The anti-
! Nebraska Democrats presented Judge Trumbull
1 as a candidate,and Mr. Lincoln,finding after the
balloting commenced that the continuance of his
• name before the joint convention might lesult
' m the election of the Nebraska Democratic can-
j didate, magnanimously withdrew from the con-
| test, and earnestly entreated his friends to elect
Judge Trumbull, an anti-Nebraska Democrat,
j whose subsequent career m the Senate has been
| marked by great ability, and by strict fidelity to
■ theconvictions of those who elected him.
i In 185(i the Republican party m Illinois was
1 fully inaugurated as a State organization at the
; Bioommgton convention, held in May of that
■ year. Mr. Lincoln was present at that eonvon-
! tion, and gave the weight and influence of Ins
great name to the establishment of that party, and
i to a bold and emphatic declaration of principles.
His speech upon that occasion was one of the
most masterly efforts of his life, and earned con-
viction to all minds, stirring up the convention
to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, and nerving
every man with resolute determination. He was
placed on the Republican electoral ticket as an
elector at large, associated wjth Frederic Hecker,
the German patriot and oiator, who had fought
foi liberty in his native land, and whose eloquence
awakened in the hearts of las countrymen tho
highest emotions of patriotism.
in that campaign Mr, Lincoln again canvassed
