THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June
• " Answer. That's all I came for—to give the names I have
furnished. . ...
, " Question. Have you not reason to believe that the
names which you have not furnished, and whichyou found
returned upon the census-book, as those of persons unnat-
uralized, contain among them the names of certain ones
who voted Jar Mr. Blair ?
" Answer. 1 don't know as to that, whether they did or
not, or whether one voted for him or not.
" Question. Have you not reason to believe that some of
then* did; and is that not the reason why you wiil not fur-
nish them?
« Answer. No ; that Is not the reason.
f* Question. Have you not reason to believe that some of
them did vote for Mr. Blair?
" Answer. No; 1 have no reason to suppose that one of
them voted for Mr. Blair.
& Question. Who gave you that list from which you have
read the names which you have given above ?
" Answer. Mr. Blair.
" Question, When did he give it to you?
"Answer. On Locust street, to-day.
" Question. What time to-day?
" Answer. Between the hours of nine and ten this morning.
" Question. After you made out your original list from the
census books, did you strike off aBy of the names from
your list?
" Answer. I did.
" Question. For what reason ?
" Answer. 1 didn't think f had the names cxactly right;
I couldn't make them out; I was afraid that there were
some 1 didn't have exactly correct; I didn't think I did;
that is the original list I made out with lead pencil.
" Question. Do you remember the nam£s of all on the list
which you made out?
" Answer. Do you mean the first list ? There were two
lists I made out.
" Question. Either.
"Answer. No; I don't remember.
" Question. Where did you find it stated that Henry Sher-
man was sworn ?
" Answer. On the copy of the poll-book.
" Question. Do you know, personally, that man, Jim, of
whom you spoke ?
" Answer^ 1 have seen him several times, and 1 know he
goes by the name of Jim; at the least that is the only name
1 ever knew htm go by.
" Question. What house did he live in at the time of elec-
tion ?
" Answer. He did or had kept bar on the corner of Broad-
way and Chambers; but! don'tknow whether he did at that
time or not.
" Question. Was he the proprietor there at the corner ?
"Answer. I think he was; at least! always understood
he was.
" Question. Who was it told you that he said he received
eighty dollars?
"Answer. I was told so by several different Germans; t
gee the men every day ; but ( don't know their names.
" Question. Did you inquire for Samuel Hodgman in any
other word in the city than the ninth ?
"B. M. MILLION.
JOHN M. W1MER,
" Judge of County Court."
Here is the testimony of a witness who vras not
engaged in census taking; but who, after the re-
turns had been made, swears he examined them
and compared them with the poll-list; and he pro-
ceeds to read from a list the names of certain per-
sons who are returned on these census lists as
unnaturalized, and whose names he found on the
poll-books. It is upon that sort of testimony—
upon hearsay statement of the contents of these
unofficial,unauthorized censuslists, not produced,
not perfected, not proved—that the majority take
49 votes in the ninth ward from the sitting mem-
ber, because the names of these voters are returned
by the persons making the census lists as un-
naturalized, non-residents, or minors, and because
these names are found on the poll-lists.
Now, I appeal to the other siae of this Chamber;
I put to their intellects as lawyers, and their con-
sciences as men, to answer me the question,
whether such a monstrosity—nay, such an outrage
upon representative right on popular suffrage, has
ever been attempted before in any civilized com-
munity? Is the right of suffrage a bagatelle in the
judgment of this House? No proof of these cen-
sus returns, no copies of them, mere parol state-
ments of what they contain, and the list read not
made out by the census takers or the witness,
but furnished to him by the contestant, and in an
unknown handwriting! And that is the proof
by which masses of suffragers are to be deprived,
not only of their votes, but of their citizenship
and residence? By what right did municipal cen-
sus takers assume the prerogative of inquiring into
citizenship, nationality, or residence? Did they
examine witnesses; and if so, under what author-
ity? How was the information acquired which
was reported in their returns? Were the parties
themselves examined; andif so, under whatmoral
or penal sanction ? These would seem to be ques-
tions pertinent to the admission of this testimony;
but you will look in vain in the recordfor a reply
to them.
" Answer. No.
c Attest:
The reasons given in the majority report for
the admission of such testimony as to what is
shown by these enumeration or census lists seems
as contradictory as novel. In the extract from
their report, quoted by me, the majority say,
" that so far as the census takers themselves werewit-
nesses, testifying to the facts contained in their re-
port) obtained by themselves, which was the case in
very many instances in which this kind of testimony
was offered, it is the ordinary case of men making
memoranda, or writing down what they know> and
coming into court and testifying to the facts thus
acquired, refreshing their memory from the paper
thus made out by them.." This really is a new ex-
position of one of the rules of evidence. I had
never heard and never known the legal proposition
advanced, that the facts or contents of any official
register, or record, could be established by parol
by any person^ or in any mode. It has been re-
served to the present day, and to the majority of
the Committee of Elections in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, to enunciate to the legal world, that the
contents of lists of enumeration in our Census bu-
reau in Washington can be proved by the parol
evidence of the persons who had been engaged
by the respective marshals of the several States
in making such an enumeration. I had supposed
that when the census returns were lodged with
the proper officcr, they became official documents,
and that their contents could only be proved by
the original or authenticated copy. The major-
ity, however, say, in one breath, that these lists
arc mere memoranda; that any person who has
compiled them may look at and prove by parol
what they contain; while in the next, in order to
let in the hearsay testimony of a witness as to
their contents, who was not engaged in compiling
them, but examined the originals in the office,
the majority say;
" Nor is there any objection to others comparing.the poll-
books with those memoranda, thus verified, and testifying
to the result of the comparison."
In the presence of this House I put it to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to
point out any verified memoranda of these census
returns in this record. First, they are mere unof-
ficial.memoranda in the eyes of the majority, so
as to let in parol statements of the census takers,
and in the next moment they become official,
verified documents, that any private person may
inspect and compare with the poll-books, and tes-
tify as to the contents and result of such a com-
parison.
The majority of the committee seem to forget
or to suppress the pregnant fact, that the census
takers, of whose enumeration these lists purport
to be extracts, did not make the enumeration and
examination of the population themselves. The
proof shows that each census taker, in every
ward, had assistants who aided them. These as-
sistants have not been examined, and the depo-
sition of not one of them can be found in the rec-
ord. How* much of the work was done by an
assistant, or how much by the principal, doesnot
appear. On this point I beg leave to read the tes-
timony of one who was not only a census taker
but a judge of the election in the ninth ward—I
refer to William Buckman—page of record 658.
It is as follows:
" William Buckman, of lawful age, being produced and
sworn, deposes and says :
"Questions by Mr. Blair:
11 Question. Did you take the census of the ninth ward?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. When did you commence and when did you
complete it?
" Answer. On the 23d day of August, 1858,1 commenced
taking the census, and completed it six weeks afterwards.
" Question. Were you instructed to ascertain the nation-
alities of difteicnt persons in the ward, and whether such
of them as were foreign bom were naturalized, and to note
the same on your returns?
Answer. The only instructions I had was the heading
oi the book, which required it.
" Question. Did you make these notes in reference to all
persons whom you ascertained not to be naturalized?
" Answer. I did, as far as possible.
" Question. In respect to some persons you have marked
doubtful in respect to whether they were naturalized or
not; what did you mean by that, or in what cases was that
put on your book?
" Answer. Where a landlord of a house that had board-
ers, or the wife of a husband, could not or would not tell
whethei they were naturalized or not."
Again, the same witness says:
" Question. Were you judge of the election, ninth ward,
western precinct?
i{ Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you know any persons who were pre-
vented from voting by the closing of these polls before the
time appointed by law, and who would have voted for Mr.
Blair?
"Answer. Of only three by name: John II. Knopper, Fred-
erick Witte, and James Hanson.
" Question. Was there any fraudulent and illegal voting
there for Barret?
" Answer. I know of only one, and that not of my own
knowledge direct.
" Question. How did you ascertain ? State what you
know about that one instance.
" Answer. There is one William Hepper; he told Mr.
Francis H. Pcit that he had not his papers, but that he had
voted for Mr. Barret."
Upon cross-examination, the same witness says:
" Questions by Mr. Barret:
" Question. Who assisted you in taking the census of the
ninth ward ?
" Answer. Bernard Hogan.
" Question. Did >ou find many unnaturalized Germans
in that ward ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; many.
" Question. Do you know of any who voted ?
"Answer. I do not, except the one I spoke of; he is a
German; he is the only one I heard of."
If, therefore, the novel legal propositions already
quoted were true, on which the majority let in this
testimony, the facts, as stated by the majority, do
not exist to justify their application. The dep-
osition of no assistant census taker was taken by
the contestant; and as these census lists were the
joint work of principal and assistant, there is no
evidence that the enumeration lists were the work
of the witness deposing more than of his assist-
ant. Let me invoke the attention of the House to
the danger of this species of testimony, by a com-
parison of the testimony of Million with Buck-
man. By the testimony of Million, who was not
a census taker or assistant, he makes out a list of
forty-nine or fifty persons whose names he found
on the poll-books, and who on the census returns
are returned as unnaturalized. The majority ex-
clude these votes. Yet Buckman, who was both
a judge and census taker, says, in the extract of
his testimony above, that he.knew of but one
fraudulent or illegal vote in the ninth ward, and
that was one Hepper. But the committee say
that these returns are like the land lists of Virginia,
which are 'prima facie evidence that the men whose
names are in them, purporting to be land owners,
were voters, (see Robert Porterficld vs. William
McCoy, Contested-Election Cases, p. 267.)
But how, Mr. Speaker, were these land lists
proved and offered in evidence? Was parol tes-
timony offered in the case of Porterfield fs. Mc-
Coy, of the contents of these land lists? Not at
all.
Does that case justify parol evidence of the
contents of a land list? So far from supporting
the majority in their legal position, it is directly
against them. It is a full and direct authority in
support of my position, that these census lists
should have been proved by authenticated copies,
as were the land lists in that case.
Whatare the next authorities cited and relied on
by the majority, in their report, to sustain them in
the extraordinary manner of proving the contents
of these census returns? They insist that the
copies of lists of enumeration attached to the wit-
nesses' depositions are exact copies pro tanto of
the census return, and therefore become examined
copies. In support of this position, we are referred
toGreenleaf on Evidence, vol. 3, sections 483,484;
1 Phillips on Evidence, p. 442.
Now, in justice to the majority of the commit-
tee, I propose to turn to the authorities which they
cite me to,and see how far they sustain their posi-
tion. I begin with Green leaf, 483 and 484; and I
will ask my friend from Virginia [Mr. Leake] to
read it.
Mr. LEAKE read, as follows:
" § 483. The next class of public writings to be consid-
ered, consist of official legisteis, or books kept by persons
in public office, in which they arc required, whether by
statute or by the natmc of their office, to write down par-
ticular transactions occurring in the course of their public
duties, and under their personal observation. These doc-
uments, as well as ail-others of a pubiie nature, are gener-
ally admissible in evidence, notwithstanding their authen-
ticity is not confirmed by those usual and ordinary tests of
truth, the obligation of an oath and the power of cross-
examining the persons on whose authority the trutli of the
documents depends. The extraordinary degree of confi-
dence, it has been remarked, which is reposed in such doc-
uments, is founded principally upon the circumstance that
they have been made by authoiized and accredited agents
appointed (or the purpose; but partly, also, on the publicity
of their subject-matter. Where the particular facts are in-
quired into and recorded for the benefitol the public, those
who arc empowered to act in making such investigations
and memorials are, in fact, the agents of all the individuals
