800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
testimony of approbation, and be considered works
of standard merit. I believe GurS,.tlH|pgh<-'they
be not chef d'eeutires, are not-worse il-iau' the ma-
jority of fair statues in Europe; but are, indeed,
quite equal to those of average merit; and that
they are not justly obnoxious to the ridicule of
the Senator.
i The site selected hv the President, is, in most
respects, a fine one. It is elevated, surrounded
by a reservation of sufficient size and graceful
shape, round which passes the principal avenue
of the city. The only objection is, that it is not
now in a part of the city which has been built up.
Time will obviate this objection.
It is necessary, if anything is to be done by
authority of Congress in the proposed inaugura-
tion on the 22d of February, that it should be
done at once. All I desire is, to know whether
the Senate will make an appropriation of three or
ten thousand dollars, or whatever sum may be
thought proper. I hope, therefore, the Senator
from Mississippi will accept my suggestion, have
the other resolution taken up, and append his as
an amendment to it.
Mr. BROWN. I have butasinglewordtosay.
If the Senator from Maryland will reflect for a
moment, he will see that it is now almost impos-
sible to pass a resolution appropriating money,
through the two Houses of Congress, before the
22d of February. A single objection in the other
House postpones it a day, and you cannot get it
up. If one single man objects to it, it goes over,
as a matter of course. But you certainly can pass
a simple resolution for a joint committee, if there
is a majority to pass it, which appropriates no
money, and which a single objection does not pass
over. It is only for that reason that I object to
connecting the money part with the simple com-
mittee part.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolution offered by the Senator from
Mississippi.
The resolution was agreed to.'
Mr. BROWN. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to make a single remark. When I introduced
that resolution, it was at the suggestion of my
friend from South Carolina. It was with the dis-
tinct understanding that I should not go on the
committee. I could not, under any circumstances,
consent to serve on the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
ask the Senator who is to select the committee ?
Mr. BROWN. I "move that they be appointed
by the Vice President.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Ham-
mond, Hunter, and Hamlin, were appointed the
committee on the part of the Senate.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Hayes, Chief
Clerk, announcing that the House had concurred
in the resolution of the Senate for the appoint-
ment of a committee, to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representa-
tives, to make suitable arrangements for the in-
auguration of the equestrian statue of General
Washington, 011 the 22d February, and had ap- ,
pointed Messrs. Keitt of South Carolina, Train ;
of Massachusetts, Garnett of Virginia, Adrux I
of New Jersey, and Webster of Maryland, the <
committee on its part. |
BANK ISSUES IX TIIT5 TITSTRICT'OF COLUMBIA. I
The Senate, as 111 Committee of the Whole, '
proceeded to consider the bill (S.No. 50) to pio- 1
hibif the issue of bank notes by corporations, as- i
sociations, or individuals within the District of ■
Columbia; and further, to prevent the circulation
of bank notes issued by any incorporated com- i
pany or association of individuals, located be- :
yond the limits of the District of Columbia, of ti :
less denomination than twenty dollars. j
It provides that from and after the 1st day of !
April next, it shall not be lawful for any person 1
or persons, or any association, partnership, or !
company of individuals, whether chartered or
unchartered, wiilmi the District of Columbia, di- ,
rectiy or indirectly, to issue or lvisaue, or pay out, i
pass, exchange, put in circulation, any bank note,
bill, certificate, or any acknowledgment of indent- !
edne?s whatsoever, purporting to be a bank note, '
or of the nature, character, or appearance of a
bank note, or calculated for circulation, issued, or j
purporting to be issued, by anypersop orpersons, i
or any association, partnership, or company of i
individuals, whether .chartered or unchartered;
and •whojeveftshaUy.in'.his. own-name^or..as. presi-
dent, cashier-, or agent of-any peison or persons,
or of any association, partnership, or company
of individuals, sign, countersign, or indorse any
bank note, note, bill, certificate, or any acknowl-
edgment of indebtedness whatsoever, purporting
to be a bank note, or of the nature, character, or
appearance of a bank note, or calculated fortir-
culation contrary to the provisions of this bill,
shall be held to be guilty of a high misdemeanor,
and, on conviction, shall be fined in any sum not
less than fifty dollars, nor more than five hundred
dollars, and may be imprisoned for a period not
less than three nor more than twelve months.
It further provides that from and after the 1st
day of April next, it.shall not be lawful for any
person orpersons, or any association, or partner-
ship, or company of individuals, whether char-
tered or unchartered, within the District of Co-
lumbia, directly or indirectly, to issue or reissue,
or pay out, pass, exchange, put in circulation,
transfer, or cause to be issued, paid out, passed,
exchanged, circulated, or transferred, any bank
note, note, bill, certificate, or any acknowledg-
ment of indebtedness whatsoever, purporting to
be a bank note, or of the nature, charactei, or
appearance of a bank note, calculated for circu-
lation as a bank note, issued, or purporting to
be issued, by any person or association of per-
sons, or any bank or incorporated company, not
located within the District of Columbia, of a less
denomination than twenty dollars; and every vio-
lation of the provisions of this section, by any
corporation or body corporate, orpersons engaged
ill banking business, shall subject such corpora-
tion or body corporate, or persons so engaged in
does not exceed the gum of two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. Of course, men who issue notes
ought tt> be prepared to redeem them. For the
purpose of effecting that redemption, a certain
amount of coin must always be within the coffers
of the hank. That proportion, according to the
opinions of the best informed men on that sub-
ject, ought not to be less than one third. Deduct-
ing one third from $250,000, the actual capital
that is created, if I may so say, by all the banks
of the District of Columbia, is $167,000. That
is all that it can be claimed to be added to the
effective means of the District by its banks. Yes-
terday, a memorial was presented from the cor-
poration of Georgetown, and which has been
placed on the tables of members of the S< nate, to
which I desire very briefly to call attention. This
memorial says that.—.
"The said proposed measure is repugnant to the well-
known wishes of the people of this town; that, however
well intended it may be, it is founded upon ainisapprehen-
sion of the true inteiests of our people ; that it would sink
us to the feet of the cities whieli, enjoying the aids ant] la-
ciiities of legitimate banking, are competing with as for the
trade and commerce upon which we have mainly subsisted
for the last sixty year.-; and that it would restrict our re-
i souices, erainp industry, depieciate the value of property,
[ and materially decrease our population."
All these monstrous effects are to flow from the
simple provisions of the bill now before the Sen-
ate. The bill prohibits the issue, by any corpora-
| tions or individuals within the District of Colum-
bia, of any bank notes at all. Now, let us see
I wiiat foundation there is, 111 point of fact, for these
' direful anticipations on the part of the good people
i of Georgetown. Annexed to this' report is a con-
j densed tabular statement of the circulation of a'i
j the banks of the District. Of these, two are lo-
cated 111 Georgetown; one, the Farmers' and lie-
banking business, to the payment of five luindird i! cf101 ■ , D , • •• , .
dollars; and any violation of thi^V-nactment by !' Bank,^ha\mg a circulation of s47,3o0;
any otherpcrson, shall subject such person to the
payment of twenty-five dollars, one half of which,
in each case, shall go to the informer, and the
other half to the United States, and may be sued
for and recovered as debts of like amount are now
by law recoverable in any action of debt, m the
the other, the Bank of Commerce, a circulation
of $2S,99o; making the whole gross circulation
of those two banks in Georgetown about seventy-
five thousand dollars. But it is familiarly known
to everybody acquainted with the system of bank-
that the apparent circulation is always larger
name of the United States, as well for the use of i| re™ clrculatio"> for a portion is always
the informer as for"the United States ■ 011 hand. 1 hat would rrduce it to about sixty
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, as the hour 'i t,lou.?anf d?J,ars; ^ the t. st of proportion of
than I supposed it i sppr"' 'J ,C|1 ^ jlave Jus.' seated be the proper one,
 1 r - it would curtail the facilities which the people of
Georgetown derive from the circulation, of bank
notes to $40,000; the interest on that is s2,4G0,
and the loss of §2,400 a year is to cripple the re-
sources, destroy the prosperity, break down the
trade and commerce, and decrease the population,
of this flourishing town, that has been so exten-
sively engaged in commerce and navigation for the
last sixty years
There are two sections to this bill. The first
i prohibits, unqualifiedly, the issue of any bank
| note, bill, or certificate of exchange, intended fur
is rather late, much later
would have been when the bill should tic taken
up, I shall be very brief in my explanation. I do
not think it necessary to enter into any details on
this subject, inasmuch as it has been investigated
with a good deal of care, and all the points are
-presented in die report of the select committee,
which is now m the hands of every member of the
Senate. I will state,however,in order to obviate
the possible imputation of any extreme desire on
my part to correct the supposed evils of the bank-
ing system in the city of Washington, the origin
of my connection with the question.
in v ct/iiuccuuii \\iin lue question. ,i , '    iui
In 'October, 1857,1 think it was, a great mon- !! clrcu]atlon> hY any person^ or persons, or any
. ary crisis prevailed throughout the countrv,and |! company or association, within the Distuct of
all the banks were in a state of suspension/That if ^olumkia. penalty for the violation of this
--1'  " • m w ' 1 • j nrst section is a fine, 111 a sum not less than fifty
| nor more than five hundred dollars, and impris-
i onment not less than three nor more than twelve
; months. The next section prohibits the circuia-
! tion, within, the District of Columbia, of notes
j issued by individuals, corporations, or associa-
jj tions, without its limits, under the sum of twenty
;i dollars. 
The committee, in making their report, have
stated the facts as I have given them; and they
!; have shown that the commercial and industrial
: interests of this District cannot be in ihe slightest
i! degree affected by the abolition of this privilege.
It is not proper to call it the abolition of a privi-
| lege, for I doubt whether it legally exists at all.
   , or that will prob- 'i ^ 11 °.' wor"1 while to detain the Senate by en-
ably be made, to the precise remedy indicated by '! 'cnnS imo aily very detailed statement of the
the bill now before the Senate, is, that it will be !■■ l:lut many years since several bills were
destructive of the interests of the people of the 1 Passecl> limiting and restricting the existence of
District of Columbia; that it will expose them to i' "auks 111 the District of Columbia. They
irstriciions and privations which are not imposed !i WBre 111 a statc of suspension for a great many
upon the people of any State or Territory of the ?Tars' wore made to liquidate tin m
Union. I say, in answer to that, or shall say, if I ^Jaliy am of Congress were passed' for that pur
the objection be urged, that the state of things |i Posc: At ^ast'
slate of suspension existed in Washington at the
time that I asked m the first instance for a com-
mittee of inquiry on tile subject. In the course
of that inquiry, I discovered, to my infinite sur-
prise—a surprise, I believe, shared by every mem-
ber of the committee—that there was no law or
regulation of any kind controlling the issue of bank
notes within the District of" Columbia. Such is
the fact to-day. Any individual, any association,
assuming any name that they may think proper,
can issue notes for circulation; in fact, coin money
and issue bank notes without stint or restriction
of any land. I think everybody will admit that
tins is an evil, at least, which ought to be cor-
rected.
The objection that is mad'
within this District is peculiar. The whole cir-
culation of all the banks m the District of Colum-
bia, either those which originated under charters
granted by Congress, or those which have been
since formeu by the voluntary association of in-
dividuals without any particular sanction of law,
I think it was in 133G, but the
date is not material—they were allou-i-d a certain
limited period of three or four yeais for the final
liquidation of theii afiairs. •I he lourth section of
that act provided that—
« The said corporation shall not, alter .luiv I, l&lia, issue
or reissue any bills notes, oi checks,payable to beam,nor
issue certificates of deposit, payable to benrer, nor receive
