1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of $1,599 79, in fijll for property destroyed and
lost in Mexico, and in reimbursement of the
amount of a judgment, costs, and interest, recov-
ered against him by one Eliza Bowles for tres-
pass in executing a military order of his superior
officer in 1846.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought we were
to commence business to-day at the beginning of
the Calen.dar.
Mr. REAGAN. I object to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This is not objection day.
Mr. SINGtLETON . Ho w does the bill Some up?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill comes up regu-
s larlybeforcthe committee. The question is, "Shall
the bill be reported to the House?"
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask to have the
report read.
Thereportoftho Committee of Claims was read.
It appears, thereform, that Mr. Clay was a cap-
tain in the Kentucky regiment of cavalry, under
thecommandof Colonel Marshall, in the war with
Mexico.
The first claim is for the reimbursement of the
amount of a judgment recovered against him in
the courts of Kentucky by one Eliza Bowles for
trespass upon her property, committed in the ex-
ecution of an order of his superior officer for the
arrest of deserters. This amounted, in October,
1848, with costs and interest, to §533 20, when it
was paid by the petitioner. The second claim is
for property destroyed in Mexico in 1846. In
this case it appears that he was ordered by Col-
onel Marshall to disperse a band of robbers who
were threatening the train from Camargo to Mon-
terey, The execution of this order compelled him
to leave behind him property which was lost for
want of personal attention, and before he had ac-
complished his orders he was taken prisoner, thus
losing what property he had with him.
This case was brought before Congress as early
as 1848. At that time the Committee of Claims
of the House of Representatives reported a bill for
his relief, on account of property destroyed in
Mexico, to the amount of §760. In 1849 the same
committee reported again m his favor. In 1855
the Committee of Claims reported in favorof the
first claim set forth in this report, but adversely
on the Second claim. The adverse report of the
CourtofClaims is based upon a wantof authority
to grant relief in such cases, saying that "the
power to relieve in such cases belongs, we think,
exclusively to Congress." At the first' session of
the Thirty-Fifth Congress the report of the Court
of Claims in this case, with a bill for the relief of
the petitioner, was brought before the House, and
after considerable discussion, in which Colonel
Marshall made statements before the House in
regard to the claim, the bill was passed by yeas
and nays—97 to G3.
The committee therefore conclude that the claim
is a just one to the amount of S760, for property
destroyed in Mexico, and $839 79 to reimburse
him for the judgment recovered against him with
costs and interest; and rest their action upon the
hazardous and extraordinary duty Captain Clay
was called upon to discharge, and the fact that the
loss of his property resulted from his prompt and
fearless discharge of his duty.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like very
much for the committee to see the list of articles
for which it is proposed that this gentleman is to
be paid. I looked over the list at the last Con-
gress, and my recollection of them is 
Mr. TAPPAN. These articles, to which the
gentleman from Virginia objected at last Congress,
have been all taken out.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, what is this
$760 for?
Mr. TAPPAN. For horses and for military
equipments. All the articles to which the gentlc-
■Man excepted were struck out by the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentlemen from Vir-
ginia will refer back, he will find that this account
has been razeed at his instance. He indicated at
last session the articles that he thought should be
stricken out,and suggested his willingness to vote
for the bill after they should be strickcn out. I
think the gentleman will find that all these articles
have been excepted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I fancy that I am
very apt to stand well on the record.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no doubt of that;
and.I think that if the gentleman votes"for this-
bill;'he will be standing well on'the record.
April 20,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think I am stand-
ing well on the record in the position which I at
present occupy.
I would like to have another explanation from
the gentleman. It is this: why is it that there
was a judgment given against Captain, Clay for
executing a military order? It may have been
because the order was violently or improperly ex-
ecuted. I would like to have some explanation
on that. An officer has no right to give an order
that is in violation of law. To be sure, if he gives
an order and it is properly executed, the officer
who executes it ought to be protected. In this
particular case, I desire to know how it was that
this verdict was found against Captain Clay ? On
what ground was the verdict found against him ?
I suppose that the gentleman can give us inform-
ation on that subject. I would be glad to get the
information on that point, because I wish it un-
derstood. There is no reason in the world why
this Government should indemnify an officer for
an improper or tyrannical performance of his duty.
On the contrary, there are capital reasons why the
Government should not do so.
Mr. TAPPAN. I have a general recollection
of this matter, although I did not examine the
claim particularly myself; but I recollect how it
was understood in the committee. I believe that
the order was given by the colonel of the regiment
to Captain Clay to arrest some deserters, who had
secreted themselves in a building which he was
obliged to have broken open. The civil authori-
ties regarded that act as an act in violation of the
laws of Kentucky, and held Captain Clay respons-
ible for damages, although ho was only executing
the order of his superior officer. Whatever was
done by him in the matter was done in the line of
his duty.
Mr. HOARD. With the permission of the com-
mittee, I will state the facts. In the first place, a
seigeant had been sent to arrest some deserters.
Prom the house in which these deserters were se-
creted, the sergeant's party were fired upon, and
two men were shot down. One was killed, and
one wounded. The sergeant returned and reported
the facts. Then Captain Clay was ordered by the
commanding officer to take a file of men and go
and arrest the deserters. In the execution of that
order, ho took a file of men, and broke open the
door of the house in which the deserters were, and
from which the sergeant's party had been fired
upon. He was sued for damages; and the court
decided that the act was beyond his authority.
Of course, Captain Clay went to the execution
of the order with a view of executing it. Now
the question is presented whether, having received
instructions from a superior officer, he was to go
and take counsel of a lawyer before he would ex-
ecute them ? Was he to hesitate and wait, to as-
certain whether he was* justified in executing the
order of his superior officer ? That is the whole
case.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. This case, although
not large in amount, is still, as I conceive, im-
portant. An important principle is involved in it;
and I desire very briefly to state the objections
which I think ought to prevail against the allow-
ance of such a claim as this. Mr. Chairman, there
are two separate and distinct claims here, although
they are embraced in the same bill. One is for
property lost by Cassius M. Clay, while serving
as an officer of the Army in Mexico. The other
is for the amount of a judgment obtained against
him for a trespass committed by him in the State
of Kentucky.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not believe that a
claim like this can be sustained upon any just
ground; nor do I think, if properly investigated,
tills House will come to the conclusion that such
a claim ought to be paid. I will examine each
branch of the claim separately, and I will state the
reasons which seem to me to be conclusive why
neither should be allowed.
First, as to the claim for indemnity on account
of the judgment obtained against him in the State
court of Kentucky. Cassius M. Clay, with his
company of mounted men, was on his way to Mex-
ico. He was detained for a few days at Louisville.
While there, certain men deserted from the regi-
ment, and a file of men was sent to arrest them.
The sergeant came back and reported that his men
had been fired upon from a house, where the de-
serters were secreted, and that they were unable
t<Sarrest them. Thereupon the commanding offi-
cer of the regiment ordered Captain Clay to go
with his company and arrest the deserters.
In obedience to that order, what did lie do ? Did
he arrest the deserters, as he had a right to do, and
bring them back? No. If he had done that,and
that only, he would have been in the line of his
duty. If he had done that, he would not have
violated any law.' But, sir, not satisfied with that;
not waiting to make an appeal, which he ought
to have done, to the laws of the country, and pro-
cured process from the civil authorities to go and
break into a private individual's house, he takes
the lawinto his own hands;he tramples upon the
law of his own State; he goes with a strong arm,
surrounds the house of a citizen of Kentucky,
and orders the doors and windows to be broken
open. The windows and doors were broken open.
He was sued, and a judgment recovered against
him for the trespass. He seeks to be indemnified,
on the ground that he acted in obedience to the
order of his superior officer.
I lay this principle down as one that cannotbe
controverted, as a legal proposition: that no offi-
cer can suecessfully defend himself in an action
of trespass upon the ground that he acted in obe-
dience to the orders of his superior officer when
such orders were illegal, or reauired the perform-
ance of an illegal act. Therefis no need to refer
to authorities upon a principle so well established.
I have not the books to refer to, but I remember,
in 13 Howard, the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony,
where this principle is decidcd. There an or-
der had been issued, in New Mexico, by Colonel.
Doniphan to Colonel Mitchell, an inferior officer.
Colonel Mitchell was sued for a trespass, and
sought to prevent a recovery against him on the
ground that he was acting in obedience to the
order of his superior officer.
Mr. HUGHES. Let me inquire of the gentle-
man from Alabama whether Congress did not
indemnify Colonel Mitchell?
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. It did. But, sir,
I will state the difference between that case and
this. In that case, Mitchell put in as a plea that
he had acted in obedience to the order of his su-
perior; and the court decided, as before stated,
that obedience to an illegal order could not be
brought in as a ground of defense to an action of
trespass. That legal principle runs through all of
the books. But it is said that, in that case, an
act of Congress was afterwards passed indemni-
fying the party who committed the trespass. I
will show the gentleman how different that case
was from this.
In the first place, Cassius M. Clay was in his
own State, more than one thousand miles from
the seat of war. There was no necessity for a
resort to military authority, as was the case in
New Mcxico. In the latter case, if I remember
correctly, the property of a private individual was
seized because the exigencies of the service
demanded it. Colonel Doniphan also issued an or-
der forbidding the owner of that property to carry
it where he desired.
Those orders were issued for two reasons. In
the first place, the colonel thought he had the legal
right to take that property, because war then ex-
isted between the United States and Mexico, of
which New Mexico was a portion; and because it
was believed the trade carried on there was ille-
gal. Another reason was, the belief that the prop-
erty would fall into the hands of the enemy. That
case was wholly unlike this one. If the order, in
Captain Clay's case, had been given in the ene-
my's country; if it had been given where the civil
law could not be resorted to; if it had been given
by a superior officer in Mexico during the war,
then a case would have been presented like that
in Mitchell vs. Harmony.
In this case, Captain Clay could have gone to a
civil officer in Louisville and procured a warrant
for the arrest of these deserters. If the principle
involved here be established; if it be recognized
by the passage of this bill, that an officer of the
Army, whether of the regular Army or of the
volunteer force, is authorized, in any part of the
country, wherever there is a fort or arsenal or
navy-yard, or wherever there are any soldiers, to
issue a mandate to an inferior officer to go and do
that which anybody else would be compelled to
resort to the civil authorities to perform, what,
sir, would be the result? I think that the recog-
nition of the principle is fraught with serious
consequences.
