I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abraham Lincoln, &c.—Mr. Wasliburne.
Ho. of Rhps/
the State, laboring with great earnestness and
zeal; and it could truly be said of him,
" No dangers daunted, and no labors tired."
Though Mr. Buchanan carried the State, yet the
entiie Republican State ticket was elected.
Great interest centered in the election of 1858—
the Legislature to be elected was to name a sue-*
cessor to Judge Douglas in the Senate of the
United States. The Republican State convention
for that year, to nominate candidates for State
officers, with entire unanimity, and amid un-
bounded enthusiasm, designated Mr. Lincoln as
the choice of the Republicans of the State for Uni-
ted States Senator, to succced Judge Douglas.
Of all the able and distinguished Republicans in
the State, such was the hold of Mr. Lincoln on
the party, such was the devotion of the masses
to his interests, that no other name was sug-
gested or thought of in connection with the can-
didacy for Senator.
I will now allude to some of the incidents of
the great campaign of 1858, between Lincoln and
Douglas, which assumed national proportions,
and attracted the attention of all parts of the
country, by the ability and vigor of the discus-
sions, and the intense excitement which attended
the canvass. All the great questions that now
agitate the country were fully and elaborately dis-
cussed in their debates; and Mr. Lincoln's posi-
tion on those questions can be most fully and sat-
isfactorily understood by a reference thereto.
In a discussion at Freeport,in my own district,
at which I was present, Mr. Douglas submitted
to Mr. Lincoln a series of interrogatories, em-
bracing all the various propositions involved in
the question of slavery. 1 cannot do better here
than to extract the questions and answers from
a recent speech of the distinguished Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in the United States
Senate, together with his comment thereon. Speak-
ing of that canvass, Mr. Benjamin says:
"In that contest, the two candidates for the Senate of
the United States, in the State oflliinoh, went before their
people. They agreed to discuss the issues; they put ques-
tions to each other for answer; and I must say here, for I
miut be just to all, that I have been suiprised, in the exam-
ination that I made again within the last few days of this
discussion between Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Douglas, to find
that Mr. Lincoln is a far moreconseivative man, unless he
has since changed Ins opinions, than I had supposed linn
to be. There was no dodging; on his part. Mr. JDouglvs
started with his questions. Here they arc, with Mr. Lin-
coln's? answers :
" Question 1. I desire to know whether Lincoln to day
stands, as he did in 3854, m favor of the unconditional
repeal of the fugitive slave law?
u Ansiver. I do not now, nor ever did, stand in favor of
the unconditional repeal of the fugitive blave law.
" Quetfwn 2. i desire him to'answer whether he stands
pledged to day, a? he did in 1851, against the admission of
any more slave States into the Union, even if the people
want them?
" Ansuer. I do not now, nor evei did, stand pledged
against the admission of any more slave States into the.
Union.
" Question 3. 1 want to know whether he stands pledged
against the admission of a new State into the Union with
such a constitution as the people of that State may see fit
to make?
"•Answer. I do not stand pledged against the admission
of a new State into the Union with such a constitution ai?
the people of that State may see fit to make.
" Question 4. ! want to know whether he stands to-day
pledged to the abolition of slavery in the'District of Co-
lumbia?
"Answer. I do not stand to-day pledged to the abolition
of slavery m the District of Columbia.
" Question 5. I desire him to answer whether he stands
pledged to the piohibiuon of the slave trade between the
different States?
"Answer. 1 do not stand pledged to the prohibition of the
slave trade between the different States.
"Qtfes<ion6. I desire to know whether he stands pledged
to prohibit slavery in all the Territories ot the United States,
north as well as south of the Missouri compromise line ? ,
"Answer. I am impliedly*, if nof expressly, pledged to a j
belief in tne right and duty of Congress to piuhibit slavery ;
in all the United States Teiritories. I
"Question 7. I de*trc him to answer whether he is op- j
posed to the acquisition of any new territory unless slavery ;
is first prohibited theiein? j
"Answer. I am not generally opposed to honest acquisi- j
tion ofterritoiy; and, in any given ease, I would or would ;
not oppose such acquisition, accordingly as I might think j
fcuch acquisition would or would not aggravate the sdavciy j
question among ourselves."—Debates of Lincoln and Doug- j
las, p. 88. I
uitis impossible,Mr. President, however we may differ !
in opinion with the man, not to admire the peifect candor j
and frankness with which these answers were given; no ;
equivocation—no evasion.'' j
Nothing can be more just than the compliments
paid by the distinguished Louisiana Senator to ,
the candor and frankness of Mr. Lincoln. It is
notan unusual thing for him to extortexpressions
of admiration from his opponents for the fairness
and candor of his arguments, both in political dis-
cussion and at the bar. Itwassaid of him by one
of the judges of our supreme court, that he stated
the propositions and arguments of his adversary
so fully and fairly, that but little further was ne-
cessary to be said.
It is but just, however, that Mr. Lincoln should
be heard further on these questions and answers,
and in explanation of them; and in the same dis-
cussion he says:
" Now, my friends, it will be perceived, upon an exam-
ination of these questions and answers, that so far 1 have
only answered that I was not -pledged to tins, that, or tiie
other. The Judge has not framed his interrogate!ies to ask
me anything more than this, and I have answered in strict
accordance with the inteirogatoues, and have answered
truly that I am not pledged at all upon any of the points
to which I have answered. But lam not deposed to hang
upon the exact form of his interrogatory. I am lathei dis-
posed to take up at least some of these questions, and state
what I really think upon them.
*" As to the first one, in regard to the fugitive slave law,
I have never hesitated to say, and I do not now hesitate
to say, that J think, undei the Constitution of the United
States, the people of the southern States are entitled to a
congressional fugitive slave law. Having said that, I have
had nothing-,to bay in icgard to the existing lugitive slave
law, further than that I think it should have been framed
so as to be frcV^om some of the objections that pertain to
it, without lessening its efficiency. And inasmuch as we
are not now in an agitation in regard to an alteration or
modification of that law, I would not be the man to Intro-
duce it as a new subject of agitation upon the general ques-
tion of slavery.
"In regard to the other question, of whether Iain pledged
to the admission of any more slave States into the Union,
I state to you very frankly that 1 would be exceedingly
sorry ever to be put in a position of having to pa&s upon
that question. 1 should be exceedingly glad to know that
theie would never be another slave Smteadmltted into the
speaks the sentiments of his party in regarcT'to
the slavery .question: * - 5
"They look upon it as a vast moral evih-they canprovg
it as such by the writings of those who gave us the blessings
of liberty which we.enjoy; and that they so looked upon Iti
and not as an evil meieJy confining itself to the state*
where it is situated; and while we agree that, by the'Con-
stitution we assented to, in the States where it exists we
have no right to interfere with it, because it is.ln the Con*
stitution; and we are by both duty and inejinauorLto sucft
by that Constitution, in all its letter and spirit, from be-
ginning to end." * * •* * « Republican
party is made up of those who, as far *as they can peaces
ably, will oppose the extension of slavery, and who
hope for its ultimate extinction."—Lincoln and Douglps
Debates, p. 19.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one word as to the Dred
Scott decision,and Mr. Lincoln's position in re-
gard to it. He says:
" I have expressed heretofore, and I now repeat, my op-
position to the Dred Scott decision, but I should be allowed
to state the nature of that opposition; and 1 ask your in-
dulgence while I do so. What is fauly implied by the term
JudgeDou&las ha* used, 4 lesistance to the decision ?' I
do not lesist it. If I wanted to take Dred Scott from hU
master, 1 would be interfering with property, and that ter-
rible difficulty that Judge Douglas speaks of, of interferir g
with property, would arise. But I am doing no such thiB?
as tiiaf; but ail that i am doing is refusing to obey it a* a \*-
^political mle. If! were in Congress, and a vote should come
up on the question whether slavery should be prohibited
in a new Territory, in spite of the Dred Scott decision, -I
would vote that it should. That is what I would do. Judge
Douglas said last night, that before the decision he might
advance his opinion, and it might be contrary to thedeciRr
ion when it was made; but alter it was made, he would
abide by it until it wtis reversed. Just so. We let tills
property abide by the decision, but we will try to reversi?
that decision. We will tiy to put it where Judge X>ocgi,as
would not object, for he says he will obey it until it is re-
versed. Somebody has to reverse that decision, since it is
made, and we mean to reverse it, and we mean to do it
peaceably.
" What are the uses of decisions of courts? They have
two uses. As rules of properly, ttiey have two uses. Fir.-if,
Union ; but I must add that, if slavery shall be kept out j! they decide upon the question before the court. They de
of the Territories during the; territorial existence of anyone
given Teiritorv, and then the people shall, having a fair ,
chance and a clear field when they come to adopt the con- !
stitution, do such an extraoidinary thing as to adopt a slave !
constitution, uninfluenced by the actual presence of the \
institution among them, 1 see no alternative, if we own |
the country, but to admit them into the Union. I
'• The tlnrd interrogatory is answered by the answer to j
the second; it being, a  1 conceive, the &ame as the sec- i
ond. !
" The fourth one is in regard to the abolition of slavery j
in the District of Columbia. In relation to that, I have my ;
mind very distinctly made up. I should be exceedingly j
glad to see slavery abolished in the District of Columbia. f*j
believe that Congress possesses the constitutional power j
to abolish it. Yet,asa memberof Congress®. 1 should not, I
with my picsent views, he in fivor of endeavoi ing to abol- j
ish hlaveiy in the District oi Columbia, unless it would be i
upon the.->e condition?: First, that the abolition should he ,
gradual. Second, that it should be on a vote of the majority >
of qualified voters in the Dmiict And third, that compen - ]
sation should he made to unwilling owners. With these j
three conditions, I confe-s I would be exceedingly glad to !
sec Congsess abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, !
and, in the language of llemy Olny, 'sweep from our cap- j
ital that foul blot upon our nation.> j
"In regard to the fifth interrogatory, I must say here, j
that as to the question of the abolition of the eiave trade J
between the different States, I can truly answer, as I have, \
that I am fledged to nothing about it. It is a subject to j
which I have not given that mature consideration that j
would make me feel authoiized to «tate a portion so as :
to hold myself entirely bound by it. In other woids, tiiat |
question has never beeft prominently enough befoie me to t
induce me to investigate whether we really have the con- i
stitutional power to do it. I could investigate it if I had [
sufficient tunc to bring myself to a conclusion upon that j
subject; but! have not done so, and I say so frankly to <
you here, and to Judge Douglas. I must say, however, j
that if I should he of opinion that Congioss does possess
the constitutional power to abolish the slave tiadc among
the different States, I should still not be in favor of the
exercise of that power, unless upon some conservative
principle, as I conceive it, akin to what I have said in
lelatiou to the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.
"My answer as to whether I desire that slavery should
be piohibitcd in all the Territories of the United States is
full and explicit within itself, and cannot be made clcarer
by any comments of mine. So 1 suppose, in regard to the
question whether I am opposed to the acquisition of any
more territory unless slavery is fir^t prohibited theiein,my
answer is such that I could add nothing bv way of illus-
tiation, or making myself better understood, than the an-
swer which I have placed in writing.
u Now, in all this, the Judge has mc, and he has me on
the record. I suppose he had flattered himself that I was
really entertaining one set of opinions for one place and
another set for another place—thftt 1 was afraid to say at
one place what I uttered at another. What I am ^-aung
here i suppose 1 say to a vast audience as strongly tending
to Abolitionism as any audience in the State of Illinois,
and 1 believe I am saying that which, if it would be offens
ive to any peivons, and render them enemies to myself,
would be offensive to persons in this audience.—Lincoln
and Douglas Debates, pp. 8$, 69.
As a Republican, Mr. Lincoln thus further
cide m this case that Dred Scott is a slave. Nobody re-
sists that. Not only that, but they say to everybody else,
that persons standing just as Dred Scott stands, are as he is.
That is, they say that when a question comes up upon an-
other per on, it will be so decided again, unless the court
decide*? in another way, unless the court overrules its decis-
ion. Well, we mean to do what wo can to have the court
decide the other way. That i-s one thlrtg we 'mean to try to
do."—Lincoln and Douglas Debates, p. 20.
In regard to what would be the course of the
Republican party towards our southern brethren
in the event of its accession to power, Mr. Lirr-
coln, addressing himself to Kentuckians, said in
his Cincinnati speech:
" We mean to treat 3'ou, as near as we possibly can, aa
Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, treated you. We
mean to leave you alone, and in no waytointerfere with your
institution ; to abide by all and eveiy compromise of the
Constitution ; and, in a word, coming back to the original
proposition, to treat you, so far as degenerated men (It* we
have degeneiated) may, according to the examples ot those
noble father^—Washington, Jefferson, and Madison. We
mean to remember that you are as good as we; that there
is no difference between us, other than the difference of
circumstances. We mean to recognize and bear in mind
always that you have as good hearts m your bosoms as
other people, or as we claim to have, and treat you accord-
ingly."—Lincoln end Douglas Debates, p. 263.
In his speech at Ottawa, Mr. Lincoln further
says:
I will say here, while upon the subject, that t have no
purpose, directly or indirectly, to intei fere with the institu-
tion of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I
have no lawful right to do so, and T have no inclination to
do so I have no purpose to introduce political and soeiai
oquahtv between the white and the black races. There is
a physical difference between the two, which, iu my judg-
| meat, will probably forever forbid their living together upon
!l the footing of pe.rfe'ct equality; and inasmuch as it becomes
1 a necessity that there must be a difference, I, as well as
Judge Douglas, am m favor of the race to winch I belong
having the superior position. 1 have never t-aid anything
to the"coutiai> ; but I hold that, notwithstanding all this,
these i  no reason in the world why the negio is not enti-
tled to all the natural lights enumeiatcd m the Declaration
of Independence—the right to life, hbcrtv, and the pursuit,
ot happiness."—Lincoln and Douglas Debates, p. 75,
The result of that contest is known. The Re-
publican State ticket was triumphantly elected.
Mr. Lincoln triumphed by the popular voice.
The candidates for theLegislature friendly to Mr.
Lincoln received more votes than the candidates
friendly to Judge Douglas,and Lincoln was only
defeated for Senator by an iniquitous and unjust
apportionment, which stifled the voice of the ma-
jority.
The entire vote for the Lincoln candidates for the Legisia-
lature was   125,375
The entire vote for the Douglas candidates for the
Legislature was 121,100
Lincoln leadmg^DouGi<AS in the popular vote.
4,185
