1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMi
If the act had been done by the superior officer
of the regiment, it could not be justified, and he
could not, by issuing the order to his inferior
officer, confer any authority upon him to do an ille-
gal act. The principle, if established, would make
the military superior to the civil authorities in this
country, where the laws are in force and the courts
are open to every individual. Such a precedent
would be dangerous, and ought never to be recog-
nized by Congress.
Now, sir, one word in reference to the other
point, involving the property destroyed in Mex-
ico. I do not believe that any one here will be
willing, after an examination of the facts, to pay
this branch of the claim. What is it? Was it for
property taken for the use of the Army, or for
the public service ? Not at all. Was it for prop-
erty lost in battle in Mexico ? Not at all. Well,
what was it for? Cassius M. Clay, during th®
Mexican war, was ordered by his commander to
go upon a distant service. He says he was or-
dered to go promptly, and he had to obey that
order; that he had not time to take care of certain
articles of clothing, and other property? that he
left them with the Army and went off, in conform-
ity to his orders, to Monterey, and from there to
Saltillo; that he was taken prisoner, and never saw
that property again. It was not left in the keep-
ing of an officer of the Army.
Now, I say there is no law upon the statute-
book by which such a claim could be allowed, and
it would be establishing a dangerous precedent to
make this an exceptional case.
*Why, Mr. Chairman,! said—and there are per-
sons here who will bear me out in the assertion—
that there was not, perhaps, in all the service, dur-
ing the war with Mexico, a solitary officer or sol-
dier who did not lose private property to a consid-
erable amount. I know that it happened to almost
every officer in the service. And was there ever
a case before this in which a claim was made to
Congress for indemnity for such losses? I know
of no such case. There is already upon our
statute-book a law which authorizes payment for
horses killed in battle. I know many who lost
their horses in Mexico, and in other wars; but as
they were not lost ill battle, they have never been
paid, and perhaps never will be paid, although
the losses occurred during the war. .
If you establish this principle in the case of
Cassius M. Clay, you open the door for claims to
the amount of millions, running back through all
the wars we have been engaged in. I say that
upon principle thisclaim cannotbe sustained,and
ought not to be. The property which was lost
was mere private property which Mr. Clay left
in his camp, including a horse, which he left be-
hind. He understood afterwards, as he states in
his memorial, that the horse was ridden by the so!-
•diers, was foundered, and that it afterwards died.
Of those facts, however, he states he knew nothing;
and yfet he comes to Congress and asks the Gov-
ernment to indemnify him for that loss. Had he
put his horse in the keeping of the quartermaster,
and had he left his private stores in charge of the
commissary, even then this Government would
not be properly liable, for it does not undertake to
be the insurer of every soldier's private property.
But it is said that he entered upon a dangerous
service; that he had to obey the orders of his su-
perior officer promptly. 1 ask if it is not the first
duly of an officer to be always ready to go at a
moment's warning, upon the command of his su-
perior? There is nothing in the case of Captain
Clay which should entitle him to call for indemni-
ty from the Government, more than in a thousand
other cases all over the country, where property
has been lost under similar circumstances. If an
enemy were to land upon our shores, bum 0111
towns, and destroy private property, could the
sufferers claim indemnity from tins Government?
Of co.urse not. No Government pretends to in-
demnify citizens for property thus lost m war.
And why should a soldier, who goes upon a dis-
tant service, and who happened to lose his wear-
ing apparel, his guns, and his horse, be indem-
nified? . . .
If it be the sense of this committee that such
claims should be paid, let there be passed a gen-
eral law to apply to all cases where officers and
soldiers have lost private properly while engaged
in the public scrvice. I do not pretend to say that
Captain Clay did not perform his duties faith-
fully; but what is there in his case wluch should
give him a claim for indemnity which every other
officer and soldier in the Mexican war had not the
same right to claim. !
Mr. HOARD. I would like to read the state-
ment of Humphrey Marshall, of Kentucky, who
was a colonel of a regiment in that war, made in
this House last Congress, to show what there is
peculiar in this case.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. I have but a few
more words to say. I wish to state that this case
was presented to the Court of Claims, and that
court decided unanimously that Captain Clay had
no legal claim against the Government. But it is
sought here to make a special law for his case.
Now, I do not think that the claimant has shown
himself entitled to the relief which he asks of Con-
gress, and which it is proposed by this bill to give
him. He says the camp was plundered, but he
does not say whether by Mexican or American
troops. I suppose he meant the latter. By this
means he lost the property stated in the schedule,
which I will read:
One gokl watch, cost ."  §2o0
Two suits of clothes, new, each $65  *80
Twelve new shirts, $5 each  60
Out; hunting rifle  35
Other suits of clothes, winter and summer, sash and
epaulets, bedding, eanipand clothes chests, kitchen
and table furniture, &c. say  300
One horse, foundered by soldiers riding, and dead... 150
One horse, taken by the Mexicans    150
One mule, forced to sell at §40, worth $80 cost  40
Two dueling pistols and one revolver, worth  120
$1,373
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, from reading
the memorial of Mr. Clay himself, that he never
expected to be paid for these losses in Mexico.
He seems to have made a joke of it; and perhaps
lie desired to spread abroad to the country that
he had been a great sufferer, not only as a pris-
oner, but that he had sustained great pecuniary
losses. Look at the postscript to his petition!
"P. S. Your petitioner had two violins broken to pieces
by the overturning of the wagon in Texas, but as he and
the United States have suffered alike in that unfortunate
land, he asks for these last no remuneration."
As to indemnity for the judgment against him,
he may have counted on being indemnified for that,
though I do not think that he is entitled to one
dollar even for that.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it may bo supposed by
some that because of Captain Clay 's well-known
political views, I am prejudiced against his claim.
However much I may detest his political princi-
ples, I would not permit that to weigh a feather
in the balance in passing on a claim which he or
anyotherindividualmightpresenthere. I would
give him the same measure of justice that I would
givetothemoslfavored individual in the country.
All I ask of gentlemen on the other side is, to
mete out in this case even-handed and impartial
justice. If they do that, 1 am persuaded they will
not allow a dollar of, this claim; for it cannot be
sustained upon any sound principle of law, jus-
tice, or equity, nor by any precedent, so far as
my knowledge extends.
Mr. HOARD, I desire, Mr. Chairman, sim-
ply to have read what Colonel Marshall stated
on the floor of this House last year, when this
question was up, and when it passed by a vote
of ninety-odd to sixty-odd.
The Clerk read as follows, from the Congres-
sional Globe of 1857-58:
" Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky. I aro addressing the
Chair, but I am irresistibly attracted to address the partic-
ular paitof llie House to which there is need that I should
atichcssmvself. [Laughter.} This i& a small anair. and
does not give Mr. Clay half of what he ought to be showed.
His ease is simply this: He was ordered to go out ot camp,
e\nectin" to be gone onlv fiom morning to night, lie was
onWd to go out and dislodge a set of highwaymen who
threatened °ne of our trains. He took a patty ot men, and
1-oile some twenty or thirty miles. When he airivedat the
designated pomt, instead oi being allowed to return, his
superior officer ovdeiedhnn to go toMontciey upon semec
just as pressing as the lomier service. I believe it was to
guard that very nam, which was threatened, on to Mon-
terey. Wllen he £ot ihete another superior ofiicei oi dered
him to RO to Saltillo. On amvin; at that pomt lie was or-
dered to advance some twenty or thirty miles, when lie « a 
taken prisoner, and taken to the city ot Mexico. AI lie,
property was lefl in die camp, and was lo.-.t. I do not kno v
what became of the horses. They were probably
into the service, and rode to death. He sutfeicd m di
enemv's country, and when he comes 10 Congic^ lor  e-
hef we find a gra\e diseu &ion arises 5 and in tIiat <h«sruv-
sion wo spend more money than the whole cIm 
to. He has been here an applicant since 1848—-the binipie
W"tMr.°MiLLso<K. The great mistake in the matter is that
into which the gentleman has ju^tfhflcn-^m supposing that
Mr. Clay has been made to pav the amount or Thi;: judg-
ment because of the execution of the order of the United
States.. Sir, it was because he had disobeyed tile order of
the people of the United States, lie had done jsinac£~*yliiict^
the court pronounced illegal. The people of the United
States, when asked for-indemnity, declared that that act
should not have been performed.
" Mr. MarshaiX, "of Kentucky. .Will the gentleman—
heiii^' mare practiced in military affairs than myself—per-
mit me to ask him whether lie would admit the principle
that when a colonel in tlie field gives an order to a lieu-
tenant colonel to do a thing, to storm a house or to take a
position, the lieutenant colonel may turn round to him and
say, < in my opinion it is hot a legal order, and I will not
execute it." "
Mr. HOARD. When Mr. Clay was ordered
on this service in Mexico, he expected, that he
would-be gone only for one day, and therefore lie
left his property in camp without that special pre-
caution for its safety which he would have taken
had he expected the results which followed. It
turned out, however, that he was taken prisoner
and sent to the capital, and in the mean time his
property was lost or destroyed.
Now, that is an extraordinary case, and on the
ground of its being a peculiar and extreme case,
and one not likely to occur o'ften, the committed
recommend the claim to be allowed. As to
the report of the Court of Claims, it was stated
last year, and it was stated last Friday, whep the
case was up, that the decision of the Court of
Claims was, that the case did not conie within its
jurisdiction, and that the claimant must apply
to Congress. Their decision was on technical
grounds, not on the equity of the case. "With re-
gard to the first part of the claim for indemnity oa
account of a judgment that was rendered against
Captain Clay, that was sustained by the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] in a very
able speech. The case last year having been fully-
debated, and having passed on a vote by yeas and
nays by at least two to one, the committee thought
that fact ought to have great weight, and so they
regarded it. I will not prolong this debate any
further.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, if it were not
that an important principle is involved in thisbill,
I would not obtrude my opinions upon the com-
mittee. My friend from Alabama [Mr. Moore]
lias undoubtedly laid down the correct legal prin-
ciple that every officer who obeys an order does
so upon his own individual responsibility.^ It
may very well be that this is not a legal claim.
If it were a legal claim, there would be no need
for its being here. We are here to decide cases
upon their equity and their justice.
The principle involved here, however, is this,
and Congress may as well settle it. Let us look
at what will be the consequences if we refer to
subordinate officers to decide in reference to obe-
dience or disobedience of an order.
You would then have the lieutenant poring oyer
law books to ascertain whether his captain has is-
sued an illegal order. You would have the cap-
tain, whether in time of war or in time of peace,
in this country or abroad, looking into his law
books. It would become the greatest imaginable
nuisance. Officers would become sailor lawyers
or army lawyers to learn whether they assumed,
in obeying an order issued to them b.y their su-
periors, any responsibility or not. If you do not
relieve the officer from responsibility, you will
encourage insubordination, or at least hesitancy.
On an important emergency you might have an
officer consulting his lawyer and paying him a fee
to learn whether he was right in obeying the or-
der of his superior or not. Suppose that that or-
der of the superior officer turns out to be alegal
one: then the subordinate officer will be cashiered.
If it be an illegal one, then the subordinate officer
is held responsible to the civil law.
As ail illustration, let us suppose, in this case,
that the civil law was infringed, and that the State
court of Kentucky very properly mulcted Captain
Clay in damages; and suppose that the Court of
Claims has properly decided that Captain Clay
has no legal claim upon the Government of the
United States: who shall pay the judgment? The
inferior officer, who has only executed the order
of his superior, or the Government? I say that,
in every case where the majesty of the law has
been violated by an inferior officer under the or-
der of a superior officer, the Government ought
to interpose for the protection of its omceis. i
take it that that is a sound principle. If you do
not adopt it, you will strike at the very root ot
