1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who compose the public; and every member of the com-
munity may be supposed to be privy to the investigation.
On the ground, therefore, of the credit due to agents so
empowered, and of the public nature of the facts them-
selves, such documents are entitled to an extraordinary
degree of confidence; and it is not necessary that they
should be confirmed and sanctioned by the ordinary tests
of truth. Besides this, it would always be difficult, and
often impossible, to prove facts of a public nature by means
of actual witnesses upon oath.
"§484. These books, therefore, are recognized by law,
because they are required hy law to be kept; because the
entries in them are of public interest and notoriety, and
because they are made under the sanction of an oath of
office, or, at least, under that of official duty. They belong
to a particular custody, from which they are not usually
taken, but by special authoiity, granted only in cases where
inspection of the book itselt is necessary, for f he purpose of
identifying the book, or the handwriting, or of determining
some question arising upon the original entry, or of cor-
recting an error, which has been duly ascertained. Books
of this public nature being themselves evidence, when pro-
duced, their contents may be proved by an immediate copy,
duly verified. Of this description are registers; the books
of the Bank of England, which contain the transfers of
public stock; the transfer books of the Easf India Com-
pany ; the rolls of eouits baron; the books which contain
the official proceedingsof corporations and matters respect-
ing their property, if the public at large is concerned^with
it; hooka of assessment of public rates and taxes; vestry
books, bishops' registers, and chapter-house registers; ter-
riers ; the books ot the post office and custom-house, and
registers,of other public offices; prison registers; enroll-
ments of deeds y the register.-, of births and marriages, made
pursuant to the statutes of any of the United States; the
registration of vessels in the custom-house; and the books
of records of the transactions of towns, city councils, and
other municipal bodies. In short, the rule may be consid-
ered as settled, that every document of a public nature,
which there would be an inconvenience in removing, and
which the party has a right to inspect, may be proved by a
duly authenticated copy."—Greenleaf on Evidence, page
559.
Mr. STEVENSON". There is the authority to
which we are referred in support of these parol
statements, of what certain papers contain in some
of the public offices in the city of St. Louis. The
next authority cited is a paragraph from Phillips
on Evidence, 422.- Will my friend from Virginia
do me the favor to read it?
Mr. LEAKE read, as follows:
" Where it is necessary to prove the contents of any rec-
ord, or of proceedings of a court of justice, or entries m
coutt rolls, or in public books, or registers, it is sufficient
to produce an examined copy. This is on a principle of
general convenience, and because itisapparent, that if the
contents weie misrepresented, there would be obvious
means of exposing the fraud or error."
The law laid down in these citations is goo£
enough-, but the facts proved do not justify its
application. We have no examined or certified
copies in this ease. Wc have no complete official
or unofficial census list produced. There is no
witness who testifies to any list being; full or com-
plete; and no one could have stated that such list
was wholly made out by himself, as they all had
assistants.
Mr. STEVENSON. But the last authority
that I am cited to is the case of Vallandigham vs.
Campbell. That authority is still more unfor-
tunate for the distinguished gentlemen who made
this report. I will state my remembrance of
what was done in that case; and if I am wrong',
I hope some gentleman from Ohio will correct
me. I understand that in Ohio the Secretary of
State receives the official abstracts of votes from
the various congressional districts, and that he
certified in the case of Vallandigham vs. Campbell
to the official abstract in his office, making it en-
tirely complete, and attesting it by the seal of the
State.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. < The document
sent in that case was a copy, in so many words
and figures, of what remained in the office of the
Secretary of State, who, with the Governor, is
alone authorized to receive them, and to issue
certificates to the members of Congress elect, re-
taining in his office the evidence from which that
copy was taken. There is no such paper in ex-
istence anywhere else in the State of Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. It was, then, a copy of
an official paper, under the seal of the State.
Does that justify the admission of loose state-
ments as to papers or their contents, that, so far
as we are legally informed, have no existence?
I am amazed that the majority of this committee
should cite these cases in support ot their P^si"
tions. Is this House aware of the mode in which
these alleged returns were made out? Do they
know how the alleged facts of nationality, resi-
dence, and citizenship, returned by these census
takers, were acquiredty them? I beg the atten-
tion of Representatives to a statement of one of
these census takers. On page 662 William Buck-
man says:
" Question. In taking the census, did you go to. every
house in the ward ?
"Jinswer. Yes, sir; with the exception that sometimes
I would find them not at home. I would find tlieir houses
locked up, and their neighbors would give me the names
of the parties who lived there; adjoining rooms, not
houses."
Here is a party sent out to take a census, say
of the city of Washington. He goes to the house
of the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Steveks,] and Mr. Stevens is not at home.
He applies to some one nextdoor to know whether
Mr. Stevens is a resident or is naturalized; and
the person applied to, whether jestingly or in
earnest, answers the inquiry that he is not a cit-
izen,and the census taker sets down that informa-
tion and returns it, and on a verbal statement of the
contents of this return Mr. Stevens is disfran-
chised. It is upon evidence of this precise char-
acter that the committee exclude 320 votes cast
for the sitting member. I put it to Representative
integrity, which should be above party, to say
whether the office of Representative, whether the
right of suffrage, are so trivial and unimportantas
to be trampled under foot in this national Capitol,
by such utter disregard of law and evidence ?
Take the very case cited in the majority report—
a baptismal register. What does the certificate of
the baptism of a child prove in a legal contro-
versy? Suppose the register contains the color of
the child as well as the age: is that any evidence?
The register is only evidence of the baptism.
These census takers were only authorized to make
an enumeration of the people. I have read the
ordinance, and I defy the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] to show me that they had
any authority to do more than that. I have gone
to the trouble to procure a copy of the revised ordi-
nances of the city of St. Louis of 1853, and I say
that there is not an ordinance in the book author-
izing an inquiry as to residence,citizenship,nrna-
tionality. There is no attempt to prove any such
authority, and no directions to said census, ex-
cept the mere heading of the lists. There is no
proof by whom this heading was made; but it will
hardly be claimed that if it had been proved it
would have conferred any authority.
But, Mr. Speaker, I go a step further than that.
Suppose these census takers had been authorized
to inquire into residence and naturalization, and
had made such returns: would the mere fact of a
name appearing on that list, without any proof
of identification, be sufficient? It can hardly be
necessary to quote authorities on such a point to
a House like this; but let me read a short extract
from 1 Greenleaf, section 493:
" In regard to official registers we have already stated the
principles on which those books are entitled to ciedit, to
which it is only ncccsi-ary to add, that where the books
possess all the requisites then: mentioned, they are admis-
sible as competent evidence of the iuels they contain. Thus
a parish resteer is only evidence of the turn: of the mar-
riage,and oi'its celebration dc facto; for these are the only
facts ncccssanly within the knowledge of the party making
the eritiy, &c., &c. In all these and similai cases the re-
gister is no ptoot ot the identity ot the paitie-s there named
with the paities in controversy ; but the tact of identity must
he established by other evidence. It is al-o necessary, in
all these cases, that the register be one which the law re-
quires should be kept, and that it be kept ill the manner
piescribed by law."
The salutary and conservative influence of this
principle is strongly exhibited in the present con-
troversy. I have shown the want of authority oil
the part of these census takers to make any in-
quiry as to residence or naturalization. I have
shown the utter want of legal evidence to show
the existence of any such returns. I have shown
the careless, uncertain, and indifferent way in
which the inquiries by census takers were made.
Now, 1 ask, how much credit such lists of enu-
meration would be entitled to, if authenticated
copies were before us, unless there was identity
proved between the person voting and a similar
name returned on a census return, taken some-
time afterwards, as an alien or non-resident.
What evidence is it that my vote recorded for
Barret on 2d August, 1858, is illegal, because
somecensus taker some weeks afterwards returns,
upon mere hearsay testimony, that a person ot
my name is not naturalized, or is not a resident.
A census taker inquires of John Smith,and findsa
John Smith unnaturalized m thenimh ward; upon
such a return, made nobody knows when, or no-
body knows where, is the name of John Smith
to be excluded from the. poll-book without any
proof of identity? If this identity ;berequired in
eases of original or authenticated copies cMfofflc'ial
registers, how much more rigidly should tba,t rule
be enforced when we have out the hearsay testi-
mony of what this census list contains—rand?the
census takers have testified how loosely the $ge,
nativity, .and residence were inquired into by
them—frequently the information obtained on
these points from the family, the neighbors, or
the servants of the parties sought.to be inquired,
after? t
I say that the reception of this testimony vio-
lates every rule of evidence and every well-estab-
lished legal precedent. Is it necessary for party
success to set a precedent to-day in this American
Congress by which the popular voice is to be
choked, and the tenure of representative right to
become one of mere political sufferance? If this
majority of 607 by such means, is to be trampled
under foot, whose title is safe to a seat here?
What safety has any Representative here? If
such testimony is to be received, you can go
into any large city and produce proof which
may unseat any of us. By such a course, yoa
set a dangerous precedent, which, in high party
times, when a vote is necessary in this H'all
for party success, may be destructively used. It
is in that respect that I look upon th§ vote about
to be taken as one of the most vital questions that
has ever been presented to the American Con-
gress. It is the first time that our country has
witnessed an effort made in this Hall to disregard
the plain and well-established rules of evidence
for party ends. Why should it be done ? If, as
the committee say, these returns are official doc-
uments, why were not authenticated copies pro-
duced? And if certain individual upon the poll-
books were found by census takers to be non-
residents or unnaturalized, why was not proof
taken to establish the identity between the names
upon the census hstand those upon the poll-books?
Has any excuse been offered for the failure of
the contestant to comply with these plain legal
requisitions?
But, sir, there is another fact to which I must
briefly refer. These census returns were com-
pleted late in September. They were not com-
menced until the 13th of August, and it required
six weeks to complete them. They were not,
therefore, completed for two months after the con-
gressional election. Persons who voted m that
election may have removed in that time, and per-
sonsof similar names mayhavemoved into the va-
rious wards from which they removed, and thus
the same name, but different persons, appear upon
the census list; and, withoutany proof ofidentity,
are the names of these voters to be discarded
from the poll-lists ? The judges who presided in
that election were-Uound to swear every doubtful
voter. If they did swear these voters, would you
set aside their oaths upon loose statements like
these ? If they did not swear them, then you are
bound to presume tlifit the judges did their duty,
and that no man appears on the poll-lists who was
not prima facie entitled to a vote.
Mr. Speaker, I had intended to discuss an-
other branch of this case, but the rigor of the hour
rule will forbid it. My time is out. 1 have dwelt
longer on this brauch of the case, because it is de-
cisive of its merits. I have no time now to allude
to the exclusion of three polls at the precincts of
Gravois, Sappington, and Hariem House, upon
the alleged ground that it did not appear that the
judges were sworn. That, however, is immate-
rial? Exclude these polls, and the sitting mem-
ber is still elected by several hundred votes,unless
masses of voters are rejected by these alleged
census lists. Let me say in conclusion, summing
up all I have said! first, that there was no author-
ity in these census takers to inquire into any mat-
ter other than a bare enumeration of the inhabit-
ants; second, there is no proof that their office was
performed, because neither the original returns
nor copies have been produced; third, that it is
incompetent to prove by these returns themselves,
even if they had been produced, any fact not re-
quired by them, and such returns would.be con-
fined to the mereenumeration; and fourth, that the
testimony itself was not given by the men who
took these lists; and fifthly, and lastly, that the
lists themselves could not disprove citizenship or
residence, and could not be sufficient ground tor
rejecting votes, beeause there is no identity provett
