380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
36tii Cong....1st Sess. The Fittibtistering Policy of the Sham, Democracy—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly adverted to
the private history and public life of Mr. Lincoln,
and both commend him to the country as a worthy
candidate of a great and patriotic party, for Pres-
ident of the United States. His nomination has
touched the popular heart, and has been received
with approbation everywhere. The masses of the
people are rallying under the flag of the man of
their choice, and they will bear him to the presi-
dential chair by an overwhelming majority. Dis-
satisfaction at the results of the Chicago conven-
tion now only exists among our Democratic
brethren. They profess to think we did not nom-
inate the proper man, and shed " crocodile tears"
over the defeat of the nomination of a candidate
whom they have hunted through his whole polit-
ical career by a persistent malignity, without par-
allel in the history of the country. Such sympa-
thy, under such circumstances, is no new thing.
It was exhibited in the case of Mr. Clay, when
General Taylor was nominated over him in 1848.
The Democrats were then very much troubled at
the great mistake the "Whigs made in throwing
overboard their great leader, Mr. Clay, and nom-
inating the hero of Buena Vista. I know of no
better reply to all this, than Mr. Lincoln made in
a speech in this House on the 27th day of July,
1848:
"Mr. Speaker, let our Democratic friends be comforted
witli tin: assurance that \vc arc content with our position,
content witli our company, and content wall our candi-
date; nild flint, although tlicy in tlioir generous sympathy
think we ouahtto be miserable, we really are not, and that
they may dismiss tiie gieat anxiety they have on our ac-
count.''—Congressioiial Globe, vol. 15, p. 10*13.
The Republican party prefers to make its own
nominations, as it is able to manage its own con-
. cerns in its own way. This party is the most
v imposing reunion of men for a patriotic object
which this country lias ever known. All good
men, of all parties, who desire to see the Govern-
ment rescued from its present degradation, and
who would stay the further spread of slavery, can
unite upon the candidates and the platform of the
Chicago convention. The hope which Mr. Lin-
coln expressed, in the Illinois campaign of 1858,
should be realized in the great contest upon which
we have now entered. In his speech at Freeport,
Mr. Lincoln said:
" For my part, I do hope that all of us, entertaining a
common sentiment in opposition to what appcais to ua a
design to nationalize and perpetuate slavery, will waive
minor difference^ oil questions which either belong to the
dead past or the distant future, and all pull togetherunhis
struggle."—Lincoln and Douglas Debates, p. 107.
The success of the Republican party, which
has been inaugurated by the nomination of Mr.
Lincoln, will bring with it great duties and grave
responsibilities. A strict observance of the Con-
^ stitution and an inflexible administration of the
Jaw must bo its rule. It must practice the most
rigid economy in every department of the Gov-
ernment; repress with a vigorous hand all* abuses
that have crept into its administration; bring about
fraternal feeling; reanimate industry, clear out
the pathways, and spread the sails of commerce.
It must save the common Territories of the Uni-
ted States from the curse of slaveiy; reestablish
the public credit, and restore confidence between
man and man. The immediate reestablishment
of the public good must be its first groat object,
and the peace and prosperity of the country will
-be assured.
Mr. Lincoln has been but little in public life,
and.he will corac into the presidential chair "fresh
from the people," with "no friends to rewaid,
and no enemies to punish." He has 110 compli-
cations with politicians, cliques, or factions, and
no outstanding promises requiring j-edemption.
One of the people, taken up by the people, he will
be the Piesident of the people. In him there arc
united the elements which challenged the confi-
dence of the convention which nominated him,
and of the people who will elect him. He is em-
phatically a representative man; and, by the sim-
plicity of his manners, and the purity of his pri-
vate life, he is the type of the virtues which belong
to a great Republic. There isan inflexible patriot-
ism in his heart, and he has the incorruptibility
of Republican principles in his soul. He has doc-
trines, not hatreds, and is without ambition, ex-
cept to do good, and serve his country.
In these days, when corruption prodigality,
and venality have reached the very vitals of the
Government, the people have at last found an
honest man to administer the affairs of the nation
in the spiritin which our institutions were founded;
a man whose name has ever been the synonym
of probity and honor; whose reputation, in all
the relations of private life, is without blemish,
as his public career is without reproach. No
man ever has, and no man ever can, place his
linger upon a single dishonorable or improper act
of his life. He stands to-day, as a private citi-
zen and public man, unassaileu and unassailable—
u An iionest man, the noblest work of God."
Of no man can it more truly be said:
" His life is gentle ; and the elements
So mixed in him, lhatNature mightstand up
And say to all the world, this is a man."
THE FILIBUSTERING POLICY OP THE SHAM
DEMOCRACY.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN J. PEHKY,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Maij 29, 1860. I
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union— y/
Mr. PERRY said: V
Mr. Chairman: Would the interests of the
American people be piomoted by the acquisition
of foreign territory to the Government of the
United States? This question has been thrust
upon the country by a class of men, better known
as freebooters and filibusters, who hang around
our cities and large towns, plotting robbery and
treason. "We hear of them in New York, Mobile,
New Orleans, and other large commercial cities,
when perhaps the next telegraph wafts the news
that these banditti of adventurers have set sail for
some foreign port, to rob and murder the peace-
able citizens of acountry bearing the most friendly
relations to our own Government.
These lawless men would have but a poor no-
toriety, wore these schemes and plots universally
denounced and frowned down by the great body
of law-abiding citizens in the country. What
^are the facts? A great political organization in
the United States has indorsed their wicked pol-
icy, and given an assumed dignity tofdlibusteriiig,
which it never could otherwise have acquired.
It has stepped m as godfather to these guerrilla
robbers, and raised an issue in the political arena
which must be met and settled. Thatissue I now
propose to moot in the broad field of discussion.
While American citizens, upon American soil,
in the States of this Union, under the broad ban-
ner of the " stars and stripes," merely forenter-
taining opinions expressed and handed down to
them by the very men who founded this Repub-
lic, were being driven by mob violence from their
homes and firesides, and compelled to flee to other
States to save themselves from the hands of the
assassins; while others, for the same causes,
were being seized, thrust into prisons, insulted,
whipped, tarred and feathered, the President ex-
presses no sympathy for them—insultingly passes
over these outrages with a studied silence, piously
turns his eyes away to Mexico, and says:
" Luirc numbers of our citizens have been ariestcd and
imprisoned without any foimof examination, or any op-
poitumty lor a homing; and even when released have only
obtained their hbeitv at'tor much suffering and injuiy, and
without any hope ot ledress."
Yes, sir; like the improvident, inhuman father,
he leaves his own family to the tender mercies of
lawless violence, and sits down and weeps over
the imaginary ills of his neighbor.
But Mr Buchanan does not stop here. In the
same message he further says:
" I regret to infotm you that there has been no improve-
ment in the affair- of Mexico since my last annual message,
and f am again obliged to a^k the earnest attention of Coil
gress to the unhappy condition of that Republic."
The wrongs and*insults to American citizens
are unworthy his notice, while he here " asks the
earnest attention of Congress to the unhappy con-
dition of a foreign Republic."
But what is the remedy proposed by the Pres-
ident for the relief of this suffering Republic? As
I do not wish to misrepresent him, I will let him
answer for himself.
In the same message he further says:
" For these reasons, I recommend to Congress to pass a
law authorizing the President, under such conditions a*
they may deem expedient, to employ a sufficient military
force to enter Mexico for the purpo&e of obtaining indem-
nity for the past and security for the future.5'
Not satisfied with this, he further claims to be
clothed with despotic power when he says;
"I repeat the recommendation contained in my last an-
nual message, that authority may be given to the Fiessdcnt
to establish one or liioie teinpoiaiy military pottf ucioss
the Mexican line in Sonoia and Chihuahua."
The war-making power is wisely reserved by
the Constitution in Congress—an independent,
coordinate branch of the Government—yet the
President has theaudacity to demand of Congress
power to 44 cross the Mexican /ine," establish
" military posts" on foreign soil, without the con-
sent of the Government which has the lawful
jurisdiction over it. He further asks a "suffi-
cient military force to enter mexico, for the
purpose of obtaining indemnity for the past, and
security for the future."
What is the true significance of all this ?
"War! War! my Lord.M
The President asks to be made a despot. Clothed
with this power, like a military tyrant, he pro-
poses to invade a neighboring confederacy, plant
44 military posts," and with the sword in one hand,
and the decrees of a dictator in the other, estab-
lish a military despotism over Mexico.
But the President not only demands the Army
to enable him to make war with Mexico, but,
under the artful pretense of protecting our transit
routes to the Pacific coast, he asks the naval foice
of the country to be placed at his command. He
says:
" I deem it to be my duty once more earnestly to recom-
mend to Congress the parage of a law authorizing the Pres-
ident to employ the navai foice at ins command for the
purpose of protecting the lives and property ot American
citizcns passing in transit across the Panama, Nicaragua,
and Tehauntepec routes against t-udden and lawless out-
bieaks and depiedations."
Such is another demand made in his last annual
message. This means war upon Central America.
The old Ostend Chief is not satisfied with all
this. He asks the Army, the Navy, and then, to
vest himself with all the powers of a Russian
autocrat, he demands the "purse" of the nation.
Again listen to an extract from his message:
"I need not repeat the arguments which I urged m my
last annual message in mvot ot the acquisition of Cuba by
fair purchase. My opinions on that measure lemam un-
changed. I therefoie again invite the seuous attention of
Congress to this important sailyed.-'
What were the 44 arguments" urged in a former
message to which he "again invites the serious
attention of Congress?" In his message to Con-
gress, December 6, 1858, he adopts the stereo-
typed arguments that have been in the mouths of
Cuban filibusters for years in favor of acqui-
sition, and winds off with the demand that " he
should be intrusted with the means of making an
advance to the Spanish Government, immediately
after the signing of the treaty, without awaiting
the ratification of it by the Senate." In response
to this demand of the President, his Democratic
friends in the Senate reported a bill, and under-
took to force-it through Congress, placing in his
hands thirty million dollars; and this, too,
when we were compelled to borrow money to
keep us from national bankruptcy. Having fairly
stated the positions assumed by the President, 1
add that other undeniable fact, that his foreign
policy is the policy of the Democratic party of this
country. The ingenious and elaborate speech of
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
upon l< Mexican affairs,v made in this House on
the 19th of March, is evidence direct to the point.
It becomes here an important inquiry, what are
the ultimate results sought to be obtained by this
course of policy? But one answer can given. It
means the annexation of Cuba, Mexico, and Cen-
tral America, to the Government of the United
States.
Would these acquisitions be wise, expedient,
and would they promote the interests of the coun-
try? This is the issue, and 1 meet it with an
emphatic negation.
Before proceeding with my argument, I desire
to say that I am not the advocate of the doctrine
that no contingency can ever arise in which the
acquisition of foreign territory would be justifi-
