1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
your military discipline and subordination. You
might as well have the soldiers sued as the offi-
cers.
This case, which is an ordinary one, will be
understood by every man who ever bore arms.
When a superior officer orders his inferior officer
to do a certain duty, he does not prescribe how
or in what manner it is to be done. As I under-
stand it, Colonel Marshall, an old soldier, and a
graduate of West Point, and to whom Captain
Clay might very well have deferred in military
experience, directed Captain Clay to arrest certain
deserters. He did not Say that Captain Clay
should not resort to improper means; he did not
say that lie should lceep within the civil law.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama. The order was not
given by Colonel Marshall, but by Lieutenant
Colonel Field. There seems to be some discrep-
ancy between the statements of Captain Clay's
memorial and those of LieutenantColonel Field's
letter. Lieutenant Colonel Field states that he
ordered Captain Clay to go and arrest those de-
serters; but he does not state that he ordered him,
ill order to accomplish that object, to break open
doors and windows.
.Mr. HUGHES. Of course not. He could not
have anticipated that emergency.. Lieutenant
Colonel Field ordered Captain Clay to arrest these
deserters, without going into details as to how he
should proceed in executing that order. Captain
Clay \f-ent to execute the order of his superior of-
ficer. He was to be the judge of the manner in
which the order was to be executed.
That fact, sir, does not, in my opinion, vary
this case. We'have many instances where Con-
fress has interposed to relieve officers who have
een mulcted by the couits, and properly so, per-
haps. My friend from Alabama [Mr. Mooee]
has referred to the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony.
It is true"that there the act was not committed in
the United States. That, however, docs not
change the military principle. It was an illegal
act; at least so the court decided. Would you
have Colonel Mitchell ruined in his pecuniary cir-
cumstances because he obeyed the order of his
superior officer?
I think that Congress very properly interposed
to protect him. He was in the conscientious dis-
charge of his duty, and he oughtnot te have been
punished for an error of judgment. Colonel
Mitchell did not undertake to settle, for himself
this question of responsibility to the civil law.
He had the .order of his superior officer, and, like
a good soldier, he executed it. 1 believe that there
are other cases. I am under the impression that
Congress relieved Colonel Harney. Ho directed
a trader upon the Rio Grande to destroy his prop-
erty, and that man came here, I think, and Con-
gress gave him relief because of the order of the
officer of the United States Army. The case is
not precisely in point, but it illustrates my posi-
tion, that it is necessary for the Government, at
all hazards, to sustain its officers, unless it be one of
those cases where it must be apparent to every man
of common intelligence that the great law of the
country is violated under the excuse of an order.
Such, for instance, would be the case if the consti-
tutional Commander-in-Chief of the United States
Army should order the commanding officer of the
marines to come here and turn this House out-—
to take away " that bauble," as Oliver Cromwell
once said in regard to the mace.
Toobey that order, it is clear enough would be
to commit treason. In that case no officer could
hesitate as to what he shoulddo. It is an extreme
case, where the officer should be held to a strictand
rigid accountability. In doubtful cases, it is better
that the Government should pay hundreds of
thousands of dollars, rather than it should permit
insubordination to enter into your military and
naval organizations. Just so sure as the Gov-
ernment decides that the officer is to be held
strictly and rigidly responsible for the execution
of the order of his superior wherever issued,
you will break down your military organization.
Mr. MILES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. GARNETT demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, when this
bill was under discussion at the last Congress, I
spoke upon it at lengfh in opposition to its pas-
1 do not propose now to go into any dis-
cussion of the principle involved in this proposed
legislation; but I cannot allow the occasion to pass
without repeating th; expression of my utter dis-
sent from the doctrine involved in the bill. It pro-
poses to indemnify a military officer of the United
States for a fine inflicted upon him because of a
violation of the law of the land, and upon the
ground that the trespass committed by him was
done in obedience to a military order.
Sir, I deny that it was done in obedience to
military command; and if it had been, it would
not affect the question. When this discussion
was commenced, two years ago, there was agen-
eral dissent from the principle which I had an-
nounced, that an officer was not bound to obey
an illegal order of his superior; but before the dis-
cussion ended, there was a general acquiescence in
the correctness of the proposition. Sir, the supe-
rior officer of every man in the service of the Gov-
ernment is the law; and if the law commands an
officer to do one thing, no inferior officer has a
right to require him to do another; and if he obeys
the command of the inferior officer, and disregards
the command of the superior officer—the law—he
is subject to the retribution of the'law.
But I do not wish to enter upon the discussion
of that subject, and I have but a word to say in
addition; and that is. that this man did not act in
obedience to the command of a superior officer.
Why, sir, it is a very common thing for a supe-
rior officer, a commander of a military dctachment,
to order a subaltern officer to arrest a deserter.
There was nothing illegal in the command of the
officer; it was a legal order; it was a proper order,
and it ought to have been executed by Captain
Clay. But how? Who over heard before of an
officer of the Army or Navy, in fulfillment of an
order to arrest a deserter, breaking in the doors of
a dwelling-house? Why, sir, it is the commonest
thing in the world in the community where I re-
side, for a command to be given by an officer of
the Navy to a midshipman or lieutenant to go
ashore and arrest a deserter. The process is very
well known. The officer intrusted with the exe-
cution of the command will first find where the
deserter is, and when he finds out where he is, he
applies to a magistrate for an order to arrest the
man, and when the magistrate determines that the
party in question owes service to the United States,
lie directs him to be surrendered. But the idea is
monstrous and utterly abhorrent to me, that an
officer of the Army or of the Navy is to be at
liberty to exert physical force to arrest any man
living within the protection of our laws, and to
take him into custody without the adjudication of
the civil authority. Sir, reward a man who does
that! Captain Clay subjected himself to the cen-
sure which he received, and which he received in
a very significant form—a verdict against him for
damages.
Now, sir, if you are to proclaim the principle
that, whenever a commodore in the Navy, or
colonel in the Army, directs* the arrest of a de-
serter, the officer intrusted with the execution
of the command may go and exert force to break
open houses, and take the man by violence into
custody, and that when punished, as he will be, by
the juries of the country, Congress will then re-
munerate him, I tell you there will be no more
appeals to the civil authorities. Your officers will
invariably exercise that power which we all know
they are too prone to exercise. They will never
trouble the civil authorities, but will, themselves,
undertake to execute the order in the precise form
in which they please to exercise their authority.
I therefore protest, utterly, against the principle
which is sought to be established.
Mr. CUR'l IS. I fully concur with the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Hughes] in the general
positions he took as to the duty of the officer in
command, and also in relation to subordinate
officers. And the proposition he stated must be
followed out. I cannot conceive of anything so
injurious to the public service as to put in the
power of a soldier or officer the right to take coun-
sel whether they will obey orders.
I also agree with the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] that men must be held account-
able for the proper execution of their orders. I
agree with him that the law is superior to any
officer of the Army or Navy of the United States.
Yet every case must stand upon its own footing.
In time of war the execution of orders must be
carried out without delay, and without going
through the process which the gentleman from
Virginia requires, of hunting up a justice of the
peace, a constable, or any civil authority. In
times of peace I concede that it would be a great
outrage for a naval officer, or Army officer, in
attempting to recover deserters, to break open
houses, to commit trespass, and use violence. All
that would be wrong, and could not be justified;
and persons condemned by the courts, as they
would be for such acts, could not expect relief in
this Hall. I concede, too, that in time of war
every man who executes an order must be ac-
countable for the manner in which he does it; and
ifhe commitsa trespass,he may be,as Clay was,
convicted in a civil court, and required to pay dam-
ages; but I say, in that case, let him come here for
relief, and if the circumstances justify it, we will
relieve him, as we have done in the cases of Col-
onel Maishall, and others.
Now, what kind of a case is this before us?
This act transpired when war actually existed.
True, it took place in the United States, but Col-
onel Marshall was collecting his regiment together
for the purpose of moving against the enemy. He
had to keep his soldiers together; he had to re-
cover his deserters; and it would not do in that
condition of things to go through all the processes
necessary in ordinary civil cases to secure his
deserters. Those men ran away, and concealed
themselves in a house, and when an attempt was
made to recover them, the persons making the at-
tempt were fired upon and some of them wounded.
That house then became a quern-fortress. I will
not say what kind of a house it was, for it is in
evidence here, but certainly it was a very bad
house, or its inmates would not have fired upon
their fellow-citizens who were attempting to exe-
cute an order. I think that Captain Clay, in ex-
ecuting the order, exercised his power according
to reason and justice, though he committed what
was a legal trespass in doing it. Having com-
mitted a trespass, he was subject to a trial in a
court, and perhaps the court did justice in determ-
ining the damages; but we, as a superior court,
should also be ready to do him justice.
New, one word in regard to this other mat-
ter 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I believe the gentleman
from Iowa is a military man.
Mr: CURTIS. Yes; I served in that campaign,
and met Colonel Marshall there.
Mr. CRAWFORD. So I thought. Now, I
want to know whether or not, admitting the fact
that Colonel Field did give the order to Captain
Clay to arrest these deserters, ho was justified.in
committing a trespass for the purpose of executing
that order?
Mr. CURTIS. I say he was not legally justi-
fied in committing trespass.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Could he have committed .
the crime of arson for the purpose of carrying out
the order?
Mr. CURTIS. It could hardly have been ne-
cessary.
Mr. CRAWFORD. He certainly could not;
nor coul3 he have committed the crime of murder
for the purpose of executing his order.
Mr. CURTIS. He might have committed
manslaughter; but I do not suppose he could have
committed murder.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The order given him by
the colonel was to go and arrest these parties, and
bring them back to their quarters. I do not con-
ceive that that order justified Captain Clay in
committing a trespass, or violating the rights of
any person other than of these particular men; for
if you can justify violence as to third parties, you
might justify any other crime committed in the
premises; you might justify arson; you miglitjust-
ify murder. I agree with the gentleman from Iowa
that he was bound to execute his orders; but in
doing that, he was not authorized to violate the
rights of any person else, or the laws of his coun-
try.
Mr. CURTIS. That is the very point I was
making. 1 agree with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that, as a general rule, an officer must not
commit trespass in the discharge of his duty; but
I say that every case must depend on itself; and.
I say that after the party had been fired on, and
two men wounded, Captain Clay, acting under
military authority, was fully justified in commit-
ting a trespass, for the purpose of securing the
deserters. He was, of course, bound to act with
