1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1323
reasonable, discretion,and in aproperaud reason-
able way ; and it does not appear that he acted
otherwise.
"A \V <5><- .
j agree with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
CuAwroitD] that the military law, as a general
rule, docs not justify a trespass; but in extraor-
dinary cases—and this is one—it alwaysdoes, and
always will. There was a case that occurred at
New Orleans, and which is known to everybody,
where an officer undertook to hang a man under
military law, and everybody justified him.
Now, one word in regard to this other matter.
It is well known, as the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Moore] says, that many officers in the Mex-
ican war lost a considerable amount of property,
some of it m the hands of the quartermaster. I
believe that every one of us ought to be indem-
nified for our losses. 1 believe that the quarter-
master outfit to be held responsible as a common
carrier. But Cnssius M. Clay's case was a dif-
ferent one. He was ordered away suddenly. His
property was necessarily left behind him, and %vas
all lost during his absence. The case was, there-
fore, as I said on another occasion, stti generis;
and we do not, by passing this bill, establish a
precedent that will be dangerous in Congress. I
do not fear that all those who ought to have a
similar act of justice done them will come here
looking for it. Those of us who know how dif-
ficult it is to get a claim through Congress will
be restrained from attempting anything of the
kind, however just and reasonable our claim might
b*?. I hope Congress will do justice to Captain
*Ciay, and pass tin's bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to say a word or two
in resrard 10 "this matter. I subscribe, heartily,
Mr. Chairman, to every word that fell from the
hps of my friend from Virginia, [General Mill-
ion", j I iVelieve he has explained the lawon this
subject perfectly; and those who go for this claim
oun'ht to be ready to admit that, under the law,
Captain Clay has no claim at all for restitution.
If he had, he might go and seek his remedy at
law. I suppose he would not have presented his
claim to this body if he could have gone into the
courts of the State of Kentucky, or of the United
States, and had restitution allowed him. But it
is because he claims that this is a ease in which
he incurred these damages in the performance of
his d\HV as an officer, and that restitution for the
damage's which he had to pay should be made
by the Government, that the case is brought up
before yon here.
I am told that military officers are amenable to
the laws of the country while in the discharge of
their duties, as well as other citizens of the tinted ,
States. That is conceded bv everybody. I do j
not suppose it wiU be denied by anybody on tlus ;
floor But! do contend that, for the sake of having j
your military service discharged efficiently by
vnur officers, vou ought to stand at then- bacus,
and in cases like tins-except.where there „ a
flagrant and outrageous violation of law, anu
wlTere the thing was palpably obvious to any-
body of common understanding—the Government
oe-ht to Step in and indemnify its officers for any
damages they may sustain, m the execution of
their duty, through the verdicts of juries of their
But "this ease is not altogether without prece-
dent, as stated by the gentleman ^Virginia.
There are precedents in the history of the coun-
try which warrant the course that is asked to be
t'tic'ii ui this case. You all recollect that General
Ja. kson was fined by Judge Hall, in the city of
New Orleans, for contempt of court. Aoboay
denied that Judge Hall acted properly in mipos-
i.i" the fine; but when the country came to con-
sider the great point which General Jackson had
in view Md.en he committed the contempt which
led to the imposition of the fine, the amount of it
wt refunded lo General Jackson twenty years
afterwards. I consider that that set a F^knt,
and a correct one, which governs i ,vor^
wis evidence to the country and to the v-orW ,,
that though an officer  la>"1 V^iXettsTf I
"for some treat purpose involving the intot. s
the eouuU'V, the (Lneral Government w 1 step |
forward mul lend him us aid and protection. ;
Mr UONHAM. Mr. Chairman, this bilW as j
mi hrforf 1 vst Coftffross; and hewing; taken the 1
• ground then that this money ought to be^« ^d j
Z, Captam Clay, 1 desire _to a j
why I entertain that opinion stxll. 1 am paucd.
off, and cannot vote; but I beg leave to make a
single remark.
There can be no question of the fact, MrvChair-
rcian, that Captain Clay was guilty of a trespass
in this matter. We do not imniwn the. vpivfiVt af
in mati<-'. We do not impugn the verdict of
the jury, in saying that the money should be re-
funded to him.
I have no predilection for that gentleman. He
is a stranger to me. It may well be'imagined by
any one that I have no political predilection for
him. But I feel that this is an act of justice which
ought to be rendered. 11 would be an act of gross
injustice not to refund him, not only the money
that he has been obliged to pay, but the interest
on it; and 1 would go so far as to say, his coun-
sel fees also, if not included in the bill. I know
not where to stop on such a question as this. As
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mallory]
has just remarked, a similar case occurred when
Congre-'s refunded to General Jackson a fine im-
j posed upon him for a similar violation of law.
I We do not, by this, impugn the motives of the
i jury; we do not impugn their verdict; but we
! stand here in the attitude of the executive of a
! State having to exercise tho pardoning power. 1
j submit io the committee that if they would dojus-
i tice to themselves and to the country, thisgentle-
| man" will have every dime restored to him, with
i interest on it, which he-expended in this matter.
' Kir, if this claim De refused, you bold up en-
couragement to the officers of your Army to dis-
obey the orders of their superiors, which would
j be utterly subversive of all military discipline and
i subordination. Your Army will be demoralized,
' disorganized,and useless, whenyouallowanoffi-
cer to disobey the orders of his superior.
I remember that Mr. Clay—member from Ken-
tucky—last year stated the facts of the case to the
House. I have not the books before me. I do
not know what is in the report. It was stated that
Colonel Field had ordered Captain Clay to go and
arrest these deserters, knowing that a previous
force had been repelled and fired upon, and that
the doors of the bouse where the deserters were
secreted were closed and fastened. He was bound
to obey that order. If he had not done so, he
would have been been court-martialed and repri-
manded; and even if he had not been court-mar-
tialed, he would have been censured by every
officer of the Army; which, to an honorable man,
1 is as severe as a trial by court. .
I I speak on this subject with no view of doing
' more than an act of what I dee,m simple justice,
j I desire to say an additional word. _ In the bill ot
i the last Congress the items were divided. I do not
* know how it is in this bill. As much as 1 am m
: favor of refunding to Captain Clay the money ex-
! ponded in his defense, and in paying the hne irn-
! posed upon liim, yet I am opposed to his receiv-.
in" pay for the horses and supplies he has lost.
! If you open the door for that character of claims,
'■ at 'the next Congress you will find applications
: coming in to the amount, of millions of dollars for
i indemnity for similar losses. A great many offi-
' cers lost horses, which losses do not come under
any provisions of the existing acts of Congress.
They have equally as strong a claim for indemnity
as Captain Clay. I know of some upon Mis floor
•who lost horses in tho Mexican war; and if this
appropriation be made, the same indemnity ought
to L extended to them. The late General ttuit-
man lostsupplies to a large amount—some fifteen
hundred or two thousand dollars worth, or twice
that amount, perhaps. All the officers lost more
or less. We have a general act with regard to
horses lost, and if Captain Clay's case: comes un-
der its provisions, he can be indemnified b) p
plication at the proper Department; and ifjt does
not come within the provisions of that act, he
! on"lit to receive no indemnity- As to .he m0."ey
I he'exnended in defending himself in his suit at
! Louisville, and in paying the fine imgd upon
i him, 1 am willing not only to refund it all, but to
i SIMrlITAPPAN° I proposed, Mr. Chairman,
I dXlewhichfe's takenpi.^I'as
od the question, I will content mysolf with moving
that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to Uu>
House with the recommendation ^t n do pass,
i Mr HATTON. I move to amend by stiiKin*,
' out "'#1,599 75," and inserting in lieu thereof
§839"<9.'?
M r. GARTRELL. Does that include the amount
of the fine and interest?
Mr. HATTOK. It does. •
Mr. GrARNETT demanded- tellers oh the
amendment. , - :" " ; ,
Tellers were ordered; arid Messrs, Smith of
North Carolina, and Ca.rter were appointed." ;'
The tellers reported—ayes 28, riae&'88./f '
Mr. HOUSTON. No quorum Voting;, the rule
is imperative that the roll shall be cajjed. • - '
The CHAIRMAN. ' The roll will be'called/
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll;'and the'fol-
lowing members failed to answer to, their names r-
Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Altey, BabMt£,'B3rItsdale,
Scale, Blair, Bneock, Bouilgny, Brand), Brown, Surety
Burnett, Burrough-j,"Horace F.Clark, John'#. Clark, Clem-
ens, Ciopton, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Vovode,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Davidson, II. Winter
Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jamette, Dim-
mick, Duell, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ely, English, Farns- -
worth, Fonton, Foster, Fouke, French, Graham, Grow,
Haie, Hall, Hamilton, Hardeman, Haskin, Hickman, Hill,
HJndman, Jackson, Jenkins, Jut)kin, Kunkel, Lamar,
Lnrrnbee,' DeWitt C. Leach, Logan, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Charles t). Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McCiernand, Mc-
Queen, Mill ward, Montgomery, Nixon, Perry, Peyton,
Potter, Pottle, Pugb, Reynolds, RutRn, Sickles, Shams,
William Smith, Spaulding, Stallworth, Stanton, Stevens,
Stevenson, James A. Stewart, William' Stewart, Stoul,
Sir anon, Taylor, Thayer, Train, Underwood, Vallandig-
hara, Van Wyck, Verree, Wade, ElHhu B. Washbume,
Webster, Wliiteley, and Woodson.
During the call,
Mr. PRANK stated that .Mr. Pottle had
paired yesterday and to-day "with Mr. English.
Mr. VANCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Ruffis, had been compelled to leave the Hall
because of sickness, and that he had not bcenabla
to get a pair.
Mr. Q.UARLES stated that Mr. Hindmaw had
heen called home by sickness in his family, and
that he was paired with Mr. Hall.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr, Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 240, for theTelief of Cassius M. Clay; and,
finding itself without a quorum,had causcd the
rail to be called, and directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty-
seven members have answered to their names,
which is more than a cpiorum, and the commit-
tee will resume its sitting.
The Chairman of the Committee of the Whole
House resumed the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Hatton.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the commit-
te°MrS.TAPPAN. I hope thatmotion will be voted
down. Before wo vise, let us dispose of this bill.
The committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The House was dividing
on the amendmentof the gentleman fromTenncs-
see, fMr. Hatton,] when it found itself without a
quorum. The Chair appoints Messrs. Olik and
Gartrell tellers.
The tellers reported—ayes 24, noes 88.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no quorum.
Mr. KEITT. Is it in order to move that the
committee rise? . . ,
The CHAIRMAN. It is imperative that tho
roll shall be called.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; and the fol-
lowing members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs Green Adams, Adrain, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt,
nSrS Bealc. Blah, Cocoek, Bonham, Bouligny,
Branch Brown, Buroli, Buriingame, Burnett, Burroughs,
RmBbrtl Horace F. Clark, Jolm B. Clark, Clemens, Ctop-
ton Clark'B. Cochrane,Jotm Cacbratte, Calfav, Cos,Jjmea
Cri'lii Burton Craige, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, John G.
Davi^ Reuben Davis, l)c Jamette,Delano,Dnnmick,puell,
Edgerton, Edmundson, Ely,
TVmkf French. Garnett,Graham,Grow, Hale, tiail, twin
ilton Hardeman. Haskin, Hickman, Hill, Hlnamaii, Jack-
SteSMSSKg
Witfteley, Wood, and Woodson.
Mi-^fiOWARD stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Junkis for the day.
