1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the party that has the largest number of members
here concur in the report submitted by the com-
mittee, while you find that the members of the
committee belonging to the other two parties of
the House, although antagonistic in their politi-
cal opinions, concur in the views of the minority
report. X appeal, therefore, to you, the members
of this House, to examine this question for your-
selves, and not to decide it upon the report made
to this House by the majority. I shall endeavor
to show—and I think 1 can conclusively—that
the majority report is based upon an assumption
of facts whichisnot warranted by the testimony.
Mr. Speaker, much stress is laid on the fact
that at the election in 1858 there was a large in-
crease in the vote in the St. Louis congressional
district. 1 will refer to a fact that perhaps has
escaped the recollection of those gentlemen who
represent sections of the country where there is
from year to year but a slight increase of popu-
lation. We of the West know that in the west-
ern States there is an enormous increaseof popu-
lation every year. The increase of population has
been enormous in the city of St. Louis. That
city, in 1850, as is shown by the census returns,
had a population of a little more than 77,000, and
its present estimated population is from 190,000
to 200,000. It has increased in population much
more rapidly from 1856 to 1858 than in any other
preceding two years in the history of the city.
In the congressional election of that dfcrict of
1856, which is ssid to have been an exciting one,
not quite 14,000 votes were cast; and because
19,000 votes were cast in 1858 for Congress, we
are asked, therefore, to infer that a large number
of the votes were fraudulent and illegal.
The election in 1856 was, I am aware, one of
what we call general elections. We have general
elections in Missouri every four years, when the
Governor and other State officers are elected.
Members of Congress, members of the Legisla-
ture, and county officers are also elected at the
same time. But in 1858 the election in the county
of St. Louis was an exciting one, not only with
respect to a member of Congress, but also with
respect |p members of the Legislature, and sev-
eral county officers. There was more excitement
pervading that county at the election of 1858 than
at the election of 1856. The contest for Congress
in 1856 was a triangular fight, and it was so in
1854 and 1858. In the election of 1854 Governor
Polk, now a Senator from our State, was a can-
didate for Congress, representing the Democratic
party, and he received less than five hundred
votes. The real contest was, therefore, between
the other two competing candidates—Mr. Ken-
nett and Mr. Benton. Mr. Ivennett, who actcd
with the American party, was elected. On the
Saturday evenjng prior to the election, with an
exciting contest in the State for Governor in 1856,
and with three candidates in the field, one of those
candidates addressed the people of the city of St.
Louis—a city where a large number of voters are
of foreign nativity—and appealed to them to en-
deavor to prevent the election of the Know Noth-
ing or American candidate.
Many withdrew their votes from Mr. Rey-
nolds, the Democratic candidate for Congress;
and if they were unwilling to cast their votes for
Mr. Blair, they abstained altogether from voting.
In that contest Mr. Reynolds received more than
twenty-two hundred votes; but it was admitted
then, throughout the State, that he did not receive
the strength of his party. It was conceded that
the speech made by Mr. Benton carried some of
his votes to Mr. Blair and neutralized others.
But, with Mr. Benton running as the friend of
Mr. Buchanan, and his friends throughout the
State claiming that he had been mainly instru-
mental in securing the nomination of Mr. Buch-
anan at the Cincinnati convention, the ticket
headed by Mr' Benton was, everywhere through-
out the State, by his friends claimed as a Demo-
cratic ticket. The contestant in this case declares
that, immediately after the convention which as-
sembled at Jefferson City, and which nominated
Mr. Benton for the Governorship, issued an ad-
dress declaring in favor of the extension of sla-
very into the Territories of the United States,
he repudiated the doctrines of that address.
Nevertheless, Mr. Blair's name was on the ticket
headed by Mr. Benton, and which was known as
the Benton-Buchanan Democratic Benton ticket,
professedly favorable to the extension of slavery
into the Territories of the United States; and he
received the votes of many in the county of St.
Louis who did not approve what we now know
to be Mr. Blair's political sentiments and politi-
cal principles.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I roust notice a singular
position taken by the majority of the committee,
and by the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Marston.] The position is this: that if the judges
of election failed to take the oath that was re-
quired of them by the statute—if even one of them
failed to comply with the requisition of the stat-
ute—that poll must be excluded from the count.
I deny the proposition. They say that the votes
at the polls where these irregularities have oc-
curred must be excluded from the count; and that
the question of the election must be decided on
those returns alone from polls where the laws of
the State have been complied with. In other
words, the position of the gentleman from New
Hampshire is this; that where the officers ap-
pointed to conduct an election neglect to qualify
in the manner required by law, or fail to fulfill the
requirements of the law, the persons who have
votedatsuch precincts are disfranchised, andtheir
votes excluded from the count.
Mr. MARSTON. The position is this: that
where judges are required to be sworn, and omit
to be sworn, that the returns of such officers af-
ford no evidence of any election in those precincts;
and that any person havhig an interest in the
election may go behind the returns and show, by
any sworn evidence, how the votes were cast and
that the election was fairly conducted. But in
the absence of such testimony, and where no ex-
cuse is offered, the returns of unsworn officers
are to be thrown out of the contest.
Mr. PHELPS. There is no evidence in this
case that the judges of election of any district
were not sworn. The presumption is that they
were, because every officer is presumed to dis-
charge his duty correctly. The law of the State
requires that he shall make, not an affidavit, but
an oath or affirmation; and the laws of our State,
regulating elections, do not require a certificate of
that fact to be appended to the returns.
I am ready to meet the gentleman on the prop-
osition of law. I have here the statute-book,
showing that the act of 1825, regulating elections
in the State of Missouri, was repealed in 1835,
and is not now a law of the State. It is immate-
rial whether it was repealed in 1845, at the next
revision, because we have a statute which declares
that no act shall be revived by repealing the act
repealing it, but must be revived in express terms.
So, if the act of 1825 was repealed in 1835, as I
will show it was, then it has no binding force here,
and is not to be considered in this case. I read
from the revision of 1835:
" The following acts shall take effect from and after the
4th of July next:
" An act to regulate election^ &e.-
" Prom and after the 4th day of July next, all acts of a
general public nature which were in foice at the com-
mencement of the present session, and winch aie repug-
nant to the lawj put m lorce at this time by a preceding
section, shall be repealed. AH other acts of a general pub-
lic nature in force, and not herein required to he continued
in foice, shall be repealed on the 1st day of December
next."
In the next section, containing the titles of the
acts to be continued in force, the act concerning
elections is not named.
I therefore state that there is no law regulating
the conducting of elections m the State of Mis-
souri, exccpt the act under the title " Elections"
—I mean, so far as regards the manner in which
MUsare to be opened and the election conducted
IBT the returns made.
Now I have answered the charge made with
regard to the three several precincts. So far as
.relates to the certificate of the officers of election
having qualified, there is no statute of the State
of Missouri requiring it to be done. But it has
been the uniform practice for the clerks of the
county courts, when making out the poll-books
which are to be distributed by the sheriffs to the
several judges of the election precincts, to append
a blank form for the purpose of exhibiting the
fact that the judges and clerks at election precincts
have been qualified in pursuance of the statute of
our State. I then dispose of that question of the
returns fromGravois,Sappington,and one or two
other prccincts, by showing that those returns
have been made in conformity with the law of
the State.
But we are told that the large increase ©£ votes
in this congressional district between 1856 aaS
1858is such as to astound everybody, and induce
the belief that frauds were perpetrated there.
vsk the Sentlet^ar  from New Hampshire
if he believes any great frauds were perpetrated
in his State in the presidential election of 1856*
Mr. MARSTON. No, sir, . - •
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman says " no." I
invite his attention to the vote given in New
Hampshire in 1852, and that given in 1856. In
the year 1852 the resultof the presidential electiort
in that State was as follows:
   S9.997
!a£   *$11!
6,695
Total vote...  ....,.,.52 839
In the year 1856 the vote for President stood as
follows:
B c '«nan  
Fremont Wjjg
Fillmore     
Total  
So that there was an increase in the vote of
1856 over that of 1852 of 18,300—an increase of
more than thirty per cent, in the space of four
years !
Mr. MARSTON. Mr. Speaker, it was not
contended by me that a mere increaseof vote was
evidence of fraud. If the gentleman will advert
to the returns from New Hampshire,he will find
that there was an increase of the vote of both par-
ties. The point I made was this: that there being
three parties in the field in the St. Louis district
in 1856 and in 1858, holding the same relation
towards each other, the candidates of two of those
parties increased their votes some few hundred
only; while a candidate who had 2,200 votes in
1856 had two years thereafter more than 7,000.
Mr. PHELPS. But the gentleman, in institut-
ing a comparison, proceeds upon the hypothesis
that the sitting member occupied the same posi-
tion in 1858 as Mr. Reynolds did who was the
candidate twoyearsbefore. The truth is.thatthey
occi^pied different and distinct positions. Again,
the gentleman refers to the fact that this was a
large increase on one side only. Let me compare
the vote of New Hampshire, for his benefit. Tlie
increase from 1852 to 1856, in the Democratic vote,
was less than 3,000; the increase, as between
Scott and Fremont, was more than 20,000 votes.
There you have candidates standing in somewhat
similar positions—as much so as the gentleman
from the St. Louis district and the candidate of
the Democratic fjarty two years before he was
elected. But again. I call attention to the presi-
dential vote of the State of Missouri, in 1852 and
1856.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow me to protest against the
idea l hat Fremont and Scott occupied the same
position in the canvass.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. For the benefit
of the gentleman from Kentucky, who 1 suppose
sustained General Scott, I conccde thatmuch. To
the people of New Hampshire their position was
the same.
Mr. MALLORY. Fremont was a Democrat,
as (he gentleman well knows.
Mr. PHELPS. It is doubtful what his politics
were. I never knew he was a Democrat But I
desire to call the attention of the House to this
fact: in 1852 the vote cast in the presidential elec-
tion in Missouri was 65,686, divided as follows:
Pierce 36,642
Scott 28,944
In the presidential election in 1856, the vote
stood thus:
Buchanan  58,164
Fillmore  48,524 ,
Total  106,688
In other words, there was an increase in the
presidential vote of Missouri in four years of
more than sixty-three per cent. These are facts
and figures, and no one has attributed tnisincrease
of votes to illegal voting.
I now come to the question of the increased
vote in the city and county of St. Louis. In that
city, as has been disclosed by these returns, and
by the abstract of these census returns, there is a
