1&24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April- 23.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, Mr.
Winslow reported that the Committee of the
Whole House had, according to order, had the
private Calendar generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 240, for the relief
of Cassius M. Clay; and finding itself without a
quorum, had caused the roll to be called, and di-
rected him to report the names of the absentees to
the House.
One hundred and thirty members, more than a
quorum, having answered to theirnames, the com-
mittee resumed its session.
Mr. ICEITT. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. We have already spent a
great deal of time upon this bill, and expended
more money than the bill actually proposes to ap-
fropriate. I am opposed to it in all its features.
believe the principle is a wrong and a dangerous
one; but in order to get rid of it; and in order that
we may have a vote upon it in the House by yeas
-and nays, I move that the bill be laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope that mo-
tion will be agreed to.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to aslc the gentle-
man from Maine whether it is the intention to take,
a vote by yeas and nays in the House this even-
Mfir. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes; take a
vote this evening. [Cries of''Question!" "Ques-
tion !"1
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to understand this
matter. Do the friends of the bill agree to the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee?
[Cries of " No!" " No!"] Then I object to any
arrangement for going into the House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee has been
voted down.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; that is the question
now.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the amendment; and the tellers will resume their
places.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There is act-
ually a quorum here, and I want to see who they
are thatwill break up the committee by not voting.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If we go into the House
now, this will come up as unfinished business
next Tuesday.-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have not the
charge of this bill, but I desire to dispose of it to-
day.
Mr. TAPPAN. We have time to dispose of
this bill to-night. There is a quorum present,
and I, too, want to see who will sit here and not
vote, for the purpose of breaking up the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. So far as I am concerned, I
am willing to take this bill into the House with
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
and have a vote upon it there by yeas and nays;
but I will object to any arrangement until we have
a vote upon the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Alabama says he is willing to let this
bill go into the House with the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee.. Now, I think there
will be no objection to that.
Mr, CRAWFORD. But you want a vote upon
it this evening. The difficulty in the way of that
is, that we have got men here who are paired off
and cannot vote. They answer to their names
when the roll is called, but they cannot vote.
Mr. TAPPAN. Why not?
Mr. CRAW FORD. Because they are paired off.
Mr. TAPPAN. Paired off upon private bills?
I am paired off, but not upon bills of this char-
acter.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. GARNETT. . I want this thing under-
stood. I desire to say that I am paired off with
the gentleman from New York, Mr. Clark B.
Cochrane. I have answered to my name, but
have not voted. If gentlemen on the other side
feel at liberty to vote when they are paired off, I
do not see why wo may not alsp.
Mr. HATTON. I withdraw my amendment,
with the understanding that I shall be permitted
to offer it in the House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has withdrawn his amend-
ment, with the distinct understanding thathe shall
have the privilege of offering his amendment in
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I renew the amendment right
here.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am in favor of the bill;
and I think it is right. I am opposed to the amend -
merit my colleague has offered. Still, it is man-
ifest that we are in a poor condition to dispose of
the bill to-night. I suggest, as a matter of accom-
modation to all parties, that the committee, as a
matter of form, adopt the amendment proposed
by my colleague, and then report the bill to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass;
and that, then, in the House we order the main
question to be put, and let it lie over until the next
meeting of the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What I desire is, that the
House shall not be called upon to vote by yeas
and nays upon this bill to-night. We can have
this question brought up again next Tuesday.
With that understandings we will consent to the
proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow the previous question to be called
upon it to-night?
Mr. CRAWFORD,
that.
We have no objection to
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the understanding
also that the amendment goes into the House.
Mr. HATTON. I now renew my amendment
in the original form.
The amendment was agreod to.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to bo reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN. I now move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Winslow reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had had under
consideration the Private Calendar, and particu-
larly House bill No. 240, for the relief of Cassius
M. Clay, and had directed him to report the same
back to the House, with an amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. TAPPAN moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. James
Bcchanan, his Private Secretary.
MISSION TO SARDINIA.
Mr. BURLINGAME asked unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution:
YVheieas the Kingdom of Sardinia, by leason of acces-
sions,lias been iaisedtoaliir>teld.>s rower, extending from
the Alp.-: to the Atlantic, and embracing within it tho rich-
est and most populous portion ofltaly, over which extens-
ive dominion a constitutional repiesentative government
has been, e&tablislied, order maintained, and freedom of the
press and of religion secured : Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Foieign Affairs be
instructed to inquiie into the expediency ol raising ttie
mission to Sardinia to a first class mission.
Mr. GARNETT. I object, because I think wfe
have nothing to do with the character of the Sar-
dinian Government. I have every sympathy with
Sardinia; but I do not think we have anything to
do with the character of its Government.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I understand the gen-
tleman ',i objection is to the preamble. If that be
so, I withdraw the preamble.
Mr. GARNETT. I have no objection to the
resolution itself.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, arid agreed to.
Mr. BURLINGAME moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL BBMICK S HEIRS.
Mr. DELANO. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar from the bill for the relief of the heirs of Sam-
uel Remick; and that the same be recommitted to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. WINSLOW, (at
four o'clock and twenty minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 23,1860.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President of the United States
had approved and signed, on the 20th instant, an
act (S. No. 344) to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to establish
a criminal court in the District of Columbia.' "
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of tho 18th instant, calling for
a copy of the instructions from the Department
of State to Mr. McLane, when appointed a min- 
ister to China, a report of the Secretary of State,
with the instructions accompanying it; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion of
Mr. Hamlin to print the message was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of J. S.
Douglass, George Douglass, and others, praying
the cancellation of certain land patents heretofore
issued, and the issuing of others in lieu thereof;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FITZPATRICIt presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, together with a reso-
lution instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives of that State in Congress to uige
the enactment of a law allowing interest on
$103,991 20 of the two and three per cent, fund
which accrued between the years 1820 and 1831,
and was improperly withheld from the State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
zens of La Salle, Illinois, praying the enactment
of a uniform bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of William
M. Armstrong, a captain in the United States
Navy, praying that the amoiAt of pay due him,
while on the reserved iist, may be allowed him;
which was referred to the Committee on Navai
Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Hiram Coram and others, claimants of
portions of the Delaware trust lands, praying that
their rights may be placed in the position of those
claiming under Frederick Samuel; which was 10-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the Senate a Jettci of the Secietary of the Interior,
with the uceouip.uiyiiiK papeis, ic'Iating to the subject of
the United States couit-K>oms m Boston, presented ta tho
Senate on the 20th of February, IbjQ.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
420) to authorize the issuance of patents in the
name of James S. Douglass, upon certain land
entries made at Chocchuma, Mississippi; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 9%) for the relief of Brevet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles
