THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D- C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1860.
New Series....-.No/174.'
pose that the rival candidates for the Legislature
would have taken advantage of it? Do you not
suppose the election would have been contested
in both the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Legislature of our State?
No such contest was made in our Legislature.
Even a notice of contcst was notgiven. The de-
feated candidates were satisfied with the result.
They believed the people had decided against
them. They believed there was no good ground
to contest the right of those to whom certificates
of election had been issued. In fact, we have the
right to infer each of them believed—nay, knew—
that those who held the certificates of election
were duly elected by the qualified voters of the
county. Thjs is a fact worthy of our considera-
tion for the proper decision of this case.
I have instituted a comparison between the vote
cast for Mr. Blair and for some of the candidates
for the Legislature on the same ticket with him
in several of the precincts. Take the case of Mr.
Stevenson, who was a candidate for the State
Senate. In almost every precinct Mr. Stevenson
received a higher number of votes than Mr. Blair
received. The same is also true with respect to
another candidate, Alexis Mudd. He was on
the same ticket with the contestantas a candidate
for the Senate. He was also defeated. Both
Stevenson and Mudd submitted to their defeat
without murmuring. In both these instances the
candidates received larger votes than Mr. Blair,
the contestant.
The majority of the Committee of Elections
have given several lists of the names of persons
they allege to have voted for Mr. Barret, the sit-
ting member, when they were not entitled to the
right of suffrage. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Smith] called the attention of the
House to the fact that there were some 16 votes
alleged m the report of the majority of the com-
mittee to have been cast for Mr. Barret which
were not legal. He showed,from the testimony,
that a portion of them were cast for Mr. Blair,
the contestant, and a portion for Mr. Breckin-
ridge, and that Mr. Barret received none of them.
Even proceeding upon the basis set down in the
majority report, where it is claimed that Mr. Blan
is elected by 13 majority, we have evidence thus
supplied that instead of Mr. Blair having a ma-
jority of 13, Mr. Barret has a majority of 3. With
such a demonstration of the inaccuracy of the
statements of the majority report, I ask what con-
fidence can be put in it by this House?
There are 170 votes which are alleged, by the
majority of the committee, not to be legal. Why
do they allege that the votes are illegal > Because
their votes were cast for Mr. Barret^ Ihe only
evidence that the majority of the committee pre-
sent to show that the votes are illegal, is that of
witnesses who testify they have no knowledge
of the persons who are alleged to have cast those
votes. They are not in this census list, and your
census taker does not know who they are or
where they reside. .
It has been remarked in this House, during the
discussion of this case, that a person, if qualified
to vote in Missouii, has a right to vote anywhere
within the county and district in which lie resides.
We have no law in Missouri restricting a man m
voting to the precinct in which ho resides. I tim
a qualified voter, by the laws of the State, in any
of the thirty-one counties composing the congres-
sional district in which I reside, and I have the
right to vote in any one of these counties, and in
any precinct in these counties, for a member of
Congress, in August next.
Again, the very fact that the judges of election
have received these votes in their respective pre-
cincts, is prima facie evidence that the voters P^s~
sessed the requisite qualifications for voting. X he
judges are appointed to decide on the qualifica-
tions of voters. If the person offering to vote is
known to any of the judges of the election to pos-
sess the necessary qualifications of o voter, no
oath is required by law to be administered to him.
If u person qualified to vote shall present himself
at txuy other election prccinct than the one 1x1
174
which he resides, the laws of our State require
the judges to administer to him an oath that he
has not voted, and tha t he will not vote during the
election at any other precinct, and then he is there
entitled to vote.
These census takers were appointed to make
an enumeration of the residents of the particular
ward for which they were appointed. A person
qualified to vote for member of Congress in the
St. Louis district has the right to vote in any of
the thirty-five election precincts into which the
county of St. Louis is divided, no matter where
he may reside. If he voted in any other ward
than the one in which he resided, his name would
not be found on the return of the officer taking
the census of the ward in which he voted. The
absence of his name from the census-roll of the
ward in which he voted proves nothing about his
right to vote. For instance: John Smith resides
in the first ward, and is qualified to vote. He
voted in the ninth ward. The census taker re-
ports he finds no John Smith residing in the
ninth ward; ergo, says the committee, JohnSmith
is a fictitious personage, and this vote is illegal,
because he does not live in this ward. Such is
the argument of the majority of the committee.
Again, I call the attention of the committee to
the fact that here are a number of persons who
are found upon that poll-list, whom the majority
of the committee have said were illegal voters,
who have very familiar names, such as Pat. Ryan,
John Brown, John Smith, or any other common
name; and because they find a person in a par-
ticular ward bearing one of those names, who is
not entitled to vote, and notwithstanding the Di-
rectory of St. Louis shows that there are fifteen
or twenty persons of the same name, therefore
they say that the name of Pat. Ryan, for instance,
must be stricken from the poll-list of Mr. Barret.
There is no identity established by evidence of
this particular person and the person who voted
at that particular precinct. Unless this has been
done, the vote should not be rejected.
For these and other reasons, then, I say that
the report of the majority is not sustained by the
evidence. It does not show that the number of
illegal votes were cast in this election for Mr. Bar-
ret which the majority of the committee reported
had been cast for him; nor are they warranted in
withholding from his vote the number of votes
set forth in their list. The majority of the com-
mittee propose to deduct from the vote of Mr.
Barret 6G3 votes, and upon no other evidence than
such as I have detailed here, in the greater por-
tion of the cases. I admit that there are a few
cases about which there can be no doubt. But so
far as a great majority of these are concerned,
there is no evidence to show that they were cast
bv persons not entitled to vole; and I assert that,
when the judges of elections had passed upon the
qualification of a voter, and havo received ins
vote, the onus of showing that that vote is illegal
rests upon the contestant. _
There is another duty required of the judges
of elections in the Slate of Missouri. Where a
persontendcrshis vole,and the judges are of op1"'
ion that he docs not possess the requisite qualm-
cations, his vote is to be received, and opposite
his name on the poll-book the word " rejected
is to be written. But such vote is not counted in
making out the returns, llejccted by whom. Ly
the judges; by those who, by law, are clothed
with the authority to decide upon the qualifica-
tions of voters.
I say, then, that the whole tenor of tne statute
of Missouri is, thatthe judges ofthe election shall
determine upon the qualifications of voters. 1 neir
reception of a vote without noting upon the poll-
book " rejected" is their judgment that the per-
son is a duly qualified voter, and that it is to be
counted by the persons whose duty it is to make
out the list of votes cast, and to give a certificate
thereof to the persons duly elected. _
Upon a thorough examination of this case i
can see no cause why the sitting member shall be
displaced, 1 Cijn see no reason why the people
of the St. Louis district shall be deprived of that
Representative which that people have dulyelected
ana sent here to speak their voice. I see no rea-
son given, either in the report of the majority of
the committee, nor do I find any reason in the
evidence which has been taken, voluminous as it
is, that tends to show that the contestant is enti-
tled to a seat upon this floor. The difference be-
tween the votes for the two candidates was 606;
and yet you are called upon to nullify that major-
ity of 606 upon this hearsay testimony; upon
mere presumption that these persons were ille-
gal voters,because the census takers were unable
to find them.
One word further in reference to these judges of
election. Considerablo stress has been laid upon
the character of these judges of election. I an-
swer it at once,by saying that they were not my
colleague's poliMal friends; that they were the
political friends of other candidates; that their bias
and prejudice were against the sitting member, and
not for him. And hence any inference of any
attempt upon the part of these judges for the pur-
pose of serving my colleague is repudiated by
the fact that they were the friends of another
candidate, and not friends of tho sitting mem-
ber.
I felt it due to say thus much of them; and now
I again refer to the testimony, and call the atten-
tion of the House to the evidence of one of the
witnesses with reference to the vote of the Gra-
vois precinct—the only precinct where, as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] says,
but few persons reside and but few persons vote.
While I admit the evidence shows that but few
votes were cast in this precinct in 1856, yet Mr.
Hunt, a gentleman who resides in that district,
and who has resided there for many years, states
himself that he knows of no illegal votes cast
there; that he is well acquainted with the persons
residing in that precinct; and, if I mistake not, he
is the owner of coal mines, and employs many
workmen. He says lie saw but few strangers at
this precinct on the day of the election.
And furthermore, I can say in reference to the
politics of Mr. Hunt, that he has no political bias
towards the sitting member. The sitting member
was not the candidate for whom Mr. Hunt voted.
He is an old resident of the county of St. Louis,
acquainted with nearly all tho persons on the
ground that day, and he does not know any per-
sons voting at that election who were not entitled
to vote.
I now submit the case,so far as I am concerned,
to the consideration of the House, having en-
deavored to show that there is no cause to dis-
possess the sitting member, and that he was duly
elected by the qualified voters of the county of St
Louis. The ease appears to me not to admit, of
any doubt. The election was conducted in a
quiet, orderly, and peaceable manner The ma-
jority for my colleague is 606. II you dispossess
him of his scat, you will overrule and reverse the
decision ofthe people of that district.
Mr. DAWES. I move the previous question
on the adoption of these resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. DAWES. No one is more sensible, Mr.
Speaker, than I am that the patience of the House
is exhausted in this matter; and thcrefoie, sir, 1
would as soon as any other man take cognizance
of that fact, and relieve the House from the labor
of listening to anything I might desire to add at
this time, were it not lor the fact that tho sitting
member and one of my colleagues on the commit-
tee have been pleased, in the course oi this dis-
cussion, to refer to mc and my connection with
this report in such a manner that I frcl myself—
and I suppose some members of the House feel-
that I am called "upon to respond. I feel myself
that I ought to respond to the demands made up-
on me by those gentlemen, and if I can have so
much ofthe patience ofthe House as is lelt.iora
few moments, I shall endeavor, as well as I may,
to meet the demand of those gentlemen, niidl
shall, inasmuch as I may, confine myself within
those limits; and I shall not travel over any new
