806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
the business of the District of Columbia ? Noth-
ing. What do they know of it? Nothing, Why
are they sent here ? To' interfere with that, to be
sure, if interference is required; if it is asked by
the people who are placed under their jurisdiction;
but they are sent here for other ana great ends
outside of the District of Columbia; and their
relations, their interests, their operations, do not
bring them into acquaintance with the business
of the people of the District. I should think,
therefore, it would be far safer to wait until the
people ask us to interfere before we attempt it,
especially in the manner provide^ for in this
bill.
I am not going into a history of the banking
issues of the country. Indeed, I am not compe-
tent to do it. I have paid but very little attention
to it. I do know, however, that it has been found
the policy in all the States to take that subject
into their own hands, and to legislate upon it.
They have found it to be their policy to create
joint stock banks by incorporation, giving them an
artificial existence; giving them privileges which
they deny to the citizens generally in the use of
their property; and the joint stock banks pay a
bonus for these privileges. And it is a part uf
the same policy, and doubtless wise,for the Legis-
latures of the States to retain a supervision and a
control over the management of those institutions.
That pertains in my own State, and I presume that
it does in all other States; and I am perfectly will-
ing to admit, because I feel the full force of it, that
it is the duty of the legislative body to provide for
the safety and stability of thecurrcncy, that which
is used as a medium of exchange in the ordinary
transactions of life. But with regard to a small
community like this, some sixty or seventy thou-
sand people, who arc in a small territory, who are
brought into constant intercourse with each other,
who best know the regulation of their own affairs,
if they have been going on for sixteen y.ars under
one business system, and they have not com-
plained of it, we may presume that it works well;
and I think it would be not only unwise, but dan-
gerous, for us to interfere with an intrusive hand
when we are not asked.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I did not
expect to say a word on this bill when it was
brought up this morning, nor should I probably
have uttered a word on the subject, had it not
been for the surprise occasioned by the doctrines
advanced by the Senator from Virginia, which
appear to me to be so far different from those
which we have usually heard from him on this
floor, that I really cannot account for the tenor of
his remarks upon any other theory than that his
kind heart prompts him to do what is agreeable
to the frienus of his boyhood and those who have
surrounded him since.
I protest, sir, and I hope this Senate, by its
votes, will protest against the theory of the Sen-
ator from Virginia—that the circulation of this
District, and the right to issue bank notes to pass
as money in the District, is a matter concerning
nobody but the people of the District in their pri-
vate relations of business. We come here under
the Constitution of the United States to legislate :
for the District. The population of the District
is a peculiar population. Those who use the 
currency that circulates in the District are a pe-
culiar population. The population is composed
of members of Congress, of employes of the Gen-
eral Government, and of strangers, who are at-
tracted here by reason of having business with
the Government in all its departments, in the
different parts of the United States. They come
here to a small District, governed exclusively by
the Congress of the United States, and are entitled
to find a sound currency here.
Now, what are the facts? The facts, as dis-
closed by the report of the special committee ap-
pointed. for this purpose, are that the Congress of
the United States has legislated upon the subject
of this currency, and that upon deliberation it has
determined that paper money shall not be issued
in this District; the charters previously granted
to the banks were repealed; special laws were pro-
vided, having in view the sole purpose of the li-
quidation of these corporations; the intent of Con-
gress was clearly expressed that there should be
no longer incorporated banks in the District; the
object was the suppression of an unsound paper
currency; and thereupon, as we are informed by
the committee, these banks dissolved their corpo-
rations, transferred their charters and corporate
authority into the hands of trustees, and still re-
taining the name of banks, (which is a mere device
by which the public are defrauded,) are in reality
nothing but private partnerships issuing their own
promissory notes, which are .passed upon unwary
strangers and ignorant residents as money. If it
is not an abandonment of all the justpowers of a
legislative body for us to consent that that state
of things shall continue, I am unable to compre-
hend what the abandonment of such a power
would be.
I cannot see any of the consequences to result
from this legislation which the Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to anticipate. What is provided?
Simply that private individuals shall not, at their
own will and pleasure, without the supervisory
power of Congress, circulate their own promissory
notes as money in the District. It is not said by
the committee in its report that it may not be
proper hereafter, under just and wise regulations,
to incorporate banks with the power of emitting
paper currency. The committee says that at some
future time* if that subject'shall be broughtup for
legislation, it may possibly prepare a bill that will
receive the assent of Congress. All that the com- :
mittee now proposes to do, and on that one would
suppose that there could scarcely be a second
opinion, is to stop the present violation of the law
by enacting penalties sufficient to secure its proper
observance. When that has been done, other
legislation may be inaugurated for the purpose of
conferring on these corporations and associations,
with proper guards, proper rules, proper regula-
tions to prevent the abuse of the franchise, the
franchise of issuing currency; but at present we
merely propose to stop an evil which is certainly
a very great one.
My colleague has referred the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia to quite a recent case, in which
a banking firm that had a large circulation here in
the District, with its notes in the hands of poor
people, failed, its notes fell to a percentage on their i
nominal amount, and those notes went in the hands I
of the brokers, who made a speculation out of i
them, and that at the expense of the mechanics, t
laborers, and market people, who, at the end of 1
the month, had gathered up with the sweat of j
their brow a few of these notes to pay their rent,
to pay their monthly expenses, and found them |
almost worthless in their hands. The Senator j
says, why notwaituntil these damages arise again ? j
or, as he says, tlicy have not arisen, and why not j
wait until they occur?
Mr. President, if this was an idle and visionary
danger; if it was one which the experience of the
past had not shown to be of frequent occurrence
m other places; if nobody had had any experience
of the fact that banks do break even under the ;
wisest and most prudent legislation, the Senator i
fi om Virginia might well appeal to us to wait un- j
til some evil occurred; but, as we unfortunately ,
are all old enough to have seen revulsions in com-
merce; as we have seen banking institutions fail
again and again, surely it is the part of prudent
legislators not to wait for the happening of fresh
damage in this District, but to prevent its recur-
rence by legislation'in advance.
And now, sir, as to the other question about
limiting the extent or the minimum of the notes j
which may be allowed to be in circulation in the
District, I assure tire Senator that the experiment
has been made in my State with signal success.
I have not, for a Ions series of years, seen a bank
note in the State of Louisiana of less than five
dollars. Our people, are prepared now, and very >
probably within a year or two will extend the
limit to ten dollars; and we intend so to go on, •
until our currency, such as is daily used amongst !
the people for purposes of trade, shall be exclu- j
sively gold ana silver, and bank notes shall be j
used only forthat class ofcommerce in which they '
may fairly be considered as a circulation similar j
to that provided by bills of exchange and checks. :
Large business, the business of the wholesale mer-
chant, is conducted by these bank notes, which
serve as checks on the bank, and are, in point of j
fact, ehecks, just as the merchant draws money ]
deposited thereto his own credit; and the men who ,
take them, the men who deal in them, know what i
they are, and understand what they are doing; !
but the money that circulates' in the hands of the :
people, the money that is in the hands of the !
hucksters m the market place, the money that j
passes through the hands of small and poor fam-
ilies into the grocer's hands,the money with which
provisions are bought, with which laborers are
paid—that ought to be beyond the possibility of
doubt or suspicion.
It is so with us; and I know that, from my be-
ing habituated to the use of gold and silver alone
in the smaller transactions of life, there is nothing
that annoys me more, when I make an occasional
visit to a northern city, than to find the miserable,
worthless rags that are handed to me in change
for a five or ten dollar bill, if I happen to have
occasion to change one. I do not know what they
are; I cannot tell whether they have any value; I
am obliged to take them on trust. I am obliged
to pass them, ignorant of whether I am giving to
a person money or a rag. It is ail a mere matter
of confidence between man and man. The sys-
temmustexplodesomeday: and when it explodes,
it will explode to the loss of that class of the com-
munity least able to bear the loss, and best enti-
tled to' to the protection of the Legislatare,
I do hope we shall make some effort in this
District to initiate a sound and prudent legislation
on the subject. There will be no difficulty in re-
lation'to the bills of neighboring States. If we
pass a law prohibiting the circulation of bills
under twenty dollars in the city'of Washington,
I do not say those bills ought to be furnished by
the banks of the neighboring States exclusively
We can pass legislation afterwards to allow the
banks of the District, under proper restrictions,
the same right to issue tfiose bills as is allowed
in the neighboring States; but so far from having
all the channels of circulation filled up with the
notes of the neighboring States, the Senator from
Virginia may dismiss his apprehensions on that
subjcct with entire certainty. The act of Con-
gress will execute itself beyond the possibility of
a doubt. We shall see here, in all the minor
channels of trade, nothing but gold and silver
passing from hand to hand.
It has been well observed by thG honorable
Senator from Delaware, that we have a gold mine
here, which, for all the. purposes of the people of
the District, is infinitely richer, and, sir, infinitely
easier to be got at, than the gold of California—
it is the Treasury of the United States. From
that flows a perennial stream of gold and silver
into the District, ample for all the purposes of
the trade of the District—which certainly is quite
a restricted trade—ample for all the purposes of
its people; and if there is a position in the United
States in which the example of a sound currency
can be set with most advantage to the people, it
is just in this District of Columbia, of which we
arc the legislators. I hope we shall set that ex-
ample.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I desire to
say a few words on the subject of this bill, but
the hour is late. [" Let us adjourn."]
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. Oh, no; let us get through with
this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I hope I shall be allowed to
give notice of the introduction of a bill.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) What disposition will the Senate
make of the bill under consideration ?
Mr. MASON. There is some executive busi-
ness which ought to be transacted, and we shall
not meet again until Monday.
Mr. CLARK. I will not insist, then, on my
motion.
[ Mr. MASON. I move that the further ron-
i sideration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow,
| with a view to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HAUN gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill to authorize and direct the payment
of certain moneys into the treasury of the State
of California, which were collected in the ports
of said State as a revenue upon imports since the
ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and
prior to the admission of said State into the
Union.
Mr. BROWN jfjivc notice of liia intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to punish offenses
against slave property in the Territory of Kansas.
