APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong-.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question~3fr. Davis.
Ho. of Eeps.
tablishing a principle," they violated all principle
and national honor.
. We hare had old political dogmas, and new
political dogmas. We nave been told to look this
way and look that way for salvation. We have
had eras of intervention and non-intervention,
squatter sovereignty and congressional sover-
eignty. One day the people of the Territories are
toM they are "perfectly free" to form their own
institutions; the next day drunkenrioters, headed-
by paid Go vera men t officials, burn their cities, rav-
age their fields, steal their property, and butcher
their citizens in cool blood. To-day they are told
to " vote slavery up, or vote it down, in their
own way; to-morrow an armed mob of invaders
from a foreign State drive them from the polls,
and stuff their ballot-boxes with fraudulent votes.
One day they are told to frame their own consti-
tution; the next day the whole force of the Ad-
ministration is engaged in attempts to cram down
their throats the Lecomptori swindle, nolens vo-
lens. We have plots for buying Cuba and steal-
ing Cuba; protecting Mexico and conquering
Mexico.
In Utah, polygamy and moral pollution bask
in the very sunshine of squatter sovereignty. Our
mail-bags are rilled with impunity by petty post-
masters, under the appro vingeyeofthe Postmaster
General, and their contents burned in the streets.
For entertaining opinions, peaceable citizens are
threatened witli mobs and death if found too far
South. If the people elect the President of their
choice, the Capitol is to be pulled down over our
heads,and demolished from " turret to foundation
stone," and the Union involved in one general
" smash up." Thus, the country has been kept
in one continual whirl of excitement and agitation.
Where is the remedy? I answer, in the language
of the old Roman Senator, " Carthage must be de-
stroyed." The party in power must be driven out,
through the potency of the ballot-box. The peo-
ple from the North and the South, the Bast and
the West, should rise up as one man, and declare
war against this wicked Aministration, and the
party that sustains it.
In this contest, let the good and the patriotic
from every section come to the rescue. Let us
forget our sectional predilections and prejudices,
and rally for a common country; and, before the
God of our fathers, pledge our lives and sacred
honor never to lay down our arms until the old
" golden era of good feeling" shall again shed its
hallowed influences over our whole land, and the
councils of the nation again be guided by the wis-
dom, the justice, and the patriotism, of the illus-
trious men who gave us a republican Govern-
ment.   
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. EEUBEN DAVIS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representatives,
June G, 1860.
Mi*. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said:
Mr. Chairman: I have heard it said repeatedly,
during tiie present session of Congress, that if the
southern States, or any of them, should secede
from the Union, as now organized, the free States
would, by force of arms, compel such seceding
State to return to and resume its present relations
to the Republic. These declarations have been
made in each instance by members of the Black Re-
publican party. Whether they really mean what
they say, or are simply gasconading, time may
develop. If the southern States, or any portion
of them, should secede from the Union, it will be
for grievous cause: and that cause will be fur-
nished by the Republican party. It will not occur
from any desire on the part of any or all of the
southern States to rend the present Goveinment
asunder-, or from any want of loyalty to or love
of the Union. It would be hard, m my judgment,
when the southern States have been forced to
withdraw their connection from the free States to
escape oppression, to coerce them with the bay-
onet to resume their position in the Union, to
endure that oppression. Fair-minded men, in my
opinion, would not utter such threats; but rather
correct tlflir ways, so as to afford no cause to the
southern States to take such step. I cannot think
these men are in. earnest, because I do not believe
they would submit patiently to injustice and
wrong; and I am unwilling to believe they have
become so abandoned to all sense of justice as not
to be willing to extend to others what they de-
mand for themselves. If lam mistaken in this,
then they cannot coerce the South, although their
numbers are greater"; because tyrants are always
cowards, and the morally depraved are always
irresolute. If any of the southern States think
of seceding, it is for cause: that cause is injustice
and grievous wrong extended to her by her sister
free States.
But, Mr. Chairman, have these gentleman
counted the cost of this war of conquest? Have
they considered well its immediate effects upon
the prosperity of this Government and the world,
and its future consequences to every industrial
interest of the people of this 'continent and the
civilized nations of the earth ? Have they reflected
that its continuance must endure for many long
years, suspending and arresting the agricultural
and mechanical pursuits of our people, and finally
leaving both so cripplcd as not to recover a healthy
condition during this generation, if ever again ?
Have they reflected that the conquered section
would forever hate and despise the conquerors,
and cause them to refuse, by any means, to con-
tribute to their prosperity ? Have they reflected
that no people have ever yet lived, or can live, m
concord, upon any other basis than mutual con-
fidence and social affection; that to place upon
the people of the southern States the manacles of
subjugation would so wound their manliness and
pride as to causc constantrcvolutionary efforts to
restore them to their dignity and independence?
All these considerations i submit to their deliberate
reflection, before they advance further in their
course of aggression. The southern States have no
desire to withdraw from the Union if the free States
will with fidelity observe the terms of the consti-
tutional compact made by the States.
It may not be improper for mc to examine the
nature and extent of that compact—its purposes
and its aims. At the close of the war of the Rev-
olution, we had thirteen States. Each was a per-
fect government within itself. Each was a nation,
wittoKill the attributes of sovereignty, and pos-
sessed all the powers of government appertaining
to a nation; had the exclusive power and right to
pass laws for the regulation of its people, and to
secure their rights m person and property; to
declare war, make treaties, &.c. Each embraced
a small area of territory, similar in soil, and with
the same climate. This secured the same general
character of pursuits among her people, and, of ne-
cessity, created a perfect homogeneity of interest,
as well as sameness of civilization, without the
possibility of conflict or antagonism; and with
any organism of government, giving to the people
the right of suffrage, they would have been secure
in having such laws adopted as were best calcu-
lated to protect them from the oppressions incident
to government. And without the party discord
always attendant upon antagonisms, representa-
tives would have been elected in reference to then-
superior qualifications to take charge of a com-
mon interest and common welfare. Their do-
mestic institutions would have been the same,
shaped in reference to their common sentiments,
and thus afforded the means of perfecting a com-
mon civilization, giving it the largest maturity
and development. The necessities of the agri-
cultural States would have been the same, and
would have dictated the legislation suited to its
wants. The manufacturing and mechanical States
would have been in a similar condition. The
same principles which guided them in shaping
their laws would have given direction to their
treaty engagements, so that no complaints would
ever have been heard upon this continent of in-
justice and oppression.
Can it be supposed that those who adopted our
present Federal Government intended to destroy
thisstate of things—this homogeneity; this source
of perfecting the civilization of separate commu-
nities; this guarantee against the oppressions of
government; and unite under our Government
the greatest variety of antagomsms,of interest, of
pursuit, and of civilization, which ever existed in
any Government? Manifestly not. It was not
in reference to the internal wants of the States; it
was not that the State had not full powers to le-
gislate for the wants of her people; it was not to
perfect the civilization of each State community,
that our Federal Government was formed. Its
objects were of a higher order. Its jurisdiction
was intended to be extended to different and a
distinct class of subjects, all appertaining to ob-
jects strictly national, and to nationalities. Its
powers were intended to be limited to the common
defense of all the States against foreign invasion?
preserve peace between the States; raise revenue
to support the Federal Government;and regulate
commerce between the States and with foreign
nations. The Constitution declares this to be its
object and purpose; the framers of it so declared
at the time; and every intelligent man must so
understand it. Every well-mformed man, every
man conversant with the history of the formation
of the Constitution, does know that the great dif-
ficulty with the convention was to discover and
plan an organism for the Government which would
avoid antagonism and the consequent struggle
between them for the ascendency in the Govern-
ment. The members of that convention under-
stood man sufficiently well to know that his very
nature was such as to compel him to use govern-
ment in such manner as would advance his own
interest, although in doing so he oppressed others;
that his very nature was to respect himself and
his interest more than he did that of others; and
that to restrain this very disposition government
was found to be necessary, and from it had its
origin.
Now, to neutralize this antagonism, and the
consequent conflicts arising from it, I have said,
was the main point of difficulty in forming a com-
pact or organism of Government. Now, to do
this, they finally decided to leave the States in the
full possession of their sovereignty over every
subject immediately affecting the interest of their
sopaiate communities—such as the nature and
character of their domestic institutions; life and
limb, property and personal liberty, of its citi-
zens—while they gave to the Federal Government
control over such subjects as were purely national,
and strictly homogeneous in their very nature;
such as peace and war, commerce between the
States and with foreign nations, and the common
defense against foreign invasion. The powers of
Government thus divided between the States and
the Federal Government, it was believed, would
retain and preserve homogeneity in reference to
individual concerns, and also in matters strictly
national. Now, if this order of things, thus set-
tled by the organism of our system, could be
faithfully preserved, noconflict between the States
themselves, or between any one or any numbers
of the States and the Federal Government, could
ever occur; and this Government would exist in
peace, and be transmitted to the latest posterity,
without discord or conflict. But we have conflict.
And from what does it spring, must be answered
to ourselves and coming generations. It is a non-
observance of the provision of the compact em-
braced in the Constitution. And how is this, and
who is responsible for it ? Let us examine the
history of the operations of the Government since
us foundation, and thus discover the causes, if we
can.
Now,! have said matters pertainjngto individ-
ualities are with the States, while subjects na-
tional are with the Federal Government. I would
have gentlemen bear this m mind. The Consti-
tution is created by the convention; it is referred
to the States; they adopt it; the first President is
elected; so is Congress; the Federal Government
is launched; moneyed men of this country, mere
private citizens, come to Congress, and ask to
have their capital incorporated to the extent of
millions, that they may use it with greater power
and success in controlling the industrial pursuits
of our people; that they may tax industry and
labor, so as to increase their wealth and enrich
themselves the more. This was asking a money
monopoly, as the means of oppressing labor and
all the other pursuits of man. It was the con-
solidation, condensation, of wealth for the op-
pression of others. This favor wasgranted. Here
was a direct interference by the Federal Govern-
ment with matters in their nature purely individ-
ual, and not national; and, of consequence, a de-
