1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, thfe doors were
reopened, and tjic Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 16, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill to
abolish the franking privilege; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had ordered, at a quarter
of two o'clock, on the 15th of February, 1860, the
following documents to be printed:
Letter.of the Secretary of State, communicating
a report of the commercial relations of the United
States with foreign nations for the year ending
30th September, 1859, (eight hundred copies for
the State Department;) and
Letter of the Superintendent of Public Printing,
communicating the annual Teport of his office—
the usual number.
REFERENCE OE PAPERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The other day I re-
ferred some papers by the order of the House,
and referred them to the wrong committee. They
are the papers in the case of John Johnson. They
were referred to the CommiUe of Claims. I move
that they be withdrawn from that committee, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Superintendent of the Public
Printing, transmitting the annual report of that
office, showing the condition of the public print-
ing; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER then resumed the call of the
States and Territories for the introduction of bills
ind resolutions, resuming the call where it was
left off yesterday, with the State of South Caro-
lina.
Mr. ELY. I ask the consent of the House to
introduce a couple of bills, which I omitted to
introduce when the State of New York was
called.
Mr. ASHMORE. I believe the State of South
Carolina has been callcd.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York cannot introduce the bills unless by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ASHMORE. I do not object.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT ROCHESTER.
Mr. ELY introduced a bill to provide for the
erection of a building, in the city of Rochester,
m the State of New York, for the accommodation*
of the post office, custom-house, and courts of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
HARBOR OF CHARLOTTE.
Mr. ELY also introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the continuation of the improve-
ment of the harbor of Charlotte, at the mouth of
the Genesee river, near Rochester, in the State of
New York; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
MARCUS J. GAINES.
Mr ASHMORE presented the memorial of
Marcus J. Gaines, United States consul for the
regency of Tripoli; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. McPHERSON. I ask that the resolution
which I introduced yesterday, in reference to the
expediency of abolishing the present system of
executing the public printing, be referred to the
select Committee on Printing, instead of to the
standing committor.
H \\ as so ordeied.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM YORK.
Mr. GARTRELL introduced a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of William York; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
ATLANTA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. GARTRELL also introduced a bill to es-
tablish Atlanta, in the State of Georgia, a port of
delivery; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DESKS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. JONES. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk be instructed to remove the
present seats from this House, and replace the old chairs
and desks; and with a view of giving time for this object,
that this House, with the concurrence of the Senate, do
adjourn for two weeks from and after Friday next.
I should like to have that resolution acted on
immediately.
Messrs. Curry, Noell, Miles, and others,
objected.
"The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected
to, and cannot be acted on. It must be referred
to some committee.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
James Buchanan, jr., his Private Secretary, in-
forming the House that the President, on the 15th
instant, approved and signed " An act (H. R. No.
l'J making appropriations to defray the deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the fiscal year ending
the 30th June, 1859, and in part for the support
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th June, 1860."
DESKS FOR MEMBERS—AGAIN.
Mr. JONES. I move that my resolution bo
referred to a select committee of five.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to that.
Mr. GROW. That point was decided yester-
day.
Mr. GARNETT. The resolution must go, I
believe, to one of the standing committees.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to a
special committee was decided to bo in order, yes-
terday, by the Speaker.
Mr GARNETT. Then I move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee oii Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose that this
can be objected to. I object to it most decidedly.
The SPEAKER. The reference cannot be ob-
jected to. The gentleman from Georgia proposes
to refer the resolution to a select committee of
five.
Mr. CURTIS. The gentleman from Virginia
has moved to refer it to the Committee on Public
Buildings; and that motion has precedence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAREY. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House, and cannot be laid upon the table. The
question is on its reference.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
if any previous notice of this resolution has been
given?
The SPEAKER. Previous notice was not
necessary, in the opinion of the Chair. The res-
olution may be offered.
Mr. JONES. I insist on my motion to refer
to a select committee; and I will add to it that the
committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. GROW. A motion has been made to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Public Build-
ings, and the question must first be taken upon
that motion. If it fails, then the question will
be on the motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The question must first be
taken on the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. John Cochrane] to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
"Mr. MILES. I move to reconsider the vote
by which that resolution was referred.
Mr. NOELL. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and take up that resolution ? I think it is
important that we should settle that question at
once.
The SPEAKER. Not pendingthe call of States
for resolutions.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I give notice that if
the other members of the House choose to deprive
themselves of privileges to which they are enti-
tled, I intend to provide myself with a desk in the
Hall.
ABOLITION OF "THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill to abolish the
franking privilege; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND ENTRIES.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to confirm cer-
tain land entries under the third section of the act
approved March 3,1855, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1856;"
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TIIE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. COBB also"introduced a bill to amend the
act approved August 4, 1854, known as the grad-
uation act, so as to perujit persons to enter lands
within three miles of their settlements on farms or
tracts of land; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to repeal or
modify the act approved February 24, 1855, es-
tablishing the Court of Claims; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-'
mittcc on the Judiciary.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to repeal the
act approved August 16, 1856, fixing the pay of
Senators and Representatives in Congress; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that ought to be put
on its passage at once. My colleague, I know,
wants to secure its immediate passage.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman's colleague does
want that bill to pass, and does not care how
soon.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I hope it will bo
passed immediately, and that it will be made ap-
plicable to the present Congress. My colleague,
I know, is ill favor of that.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir, the gentleman's colleague
is in favor of its being made applicable to the pres-
ent Congress, too.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope, then, it will not be
referred, but will be put on its passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB. I move to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures.
The motion was agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to repeal the
act known as the swamp-land act; which was read
a first and second timer and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PREEMPTION ACT.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to amend the
acts granting preemption to settlers on the public
lands of the United States: which was read,a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
MINIMUM PRICE OF TIIE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill to construe
the words " minimum price of the public lapds;"
which was read a first and second time, a#d re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. GILMER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to ask the indulgence of the House to order
the printing of the testimony in three contested-
