I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
parturc from the terms of the compact, and a
usurpation of power. Here, then, is a very early
exhibition of that peculiar element in man's na-
ture, which causes him to desire that which affects
him directly, although it may prejudice others,
and for the restraint of which government is
founded.
Out of this question arose a party called the
strict constructionists, who said this grant of
power by Congress was a violation of the com-
pact, and void; that questions like this did not
belong to the jurisdiction of the Government, and
were a usurpation; that Congress had no power
so to consolidate the money of a half dozen men
as to give them a monopoly or advantage over
an unincorporated private citizen; that Congress
had no power to confer upon a half dozen men
the right to issue their mere paper promises to
circulate as money to three times the amount of
actual cash in hand; that its powers appertained
to subjects national, and this was a matter of in-
dividuality. But the arguments were not heeded,
and incorporated capital was made by Congress
a fact, an element of power in the Government,
which was thereafter to have a most control-
ling influence in the administration of the Gov-
ernment; and to appear in the politics of the
country to determine and direct the suffrage of
the people, and upon the floor of Congress to
control its action. Of this first act of the Gov-
ernment, labor complained, and had the right to
complain. And this very act shows how imper-
fect the organism of the Government was, and
how almost impossible it is for human wisdom
to devise a constitution of government capable of
holding m check and arresting this peculiarity of
man's nature to advance his own interest at the
expense of others.
£*ext was proposed the tariff* system, a meas-
ure of certainly doubtful constitutionality; and
although purporting to be a revenue measure, the
most unjust and unfair ever invented by a nation,
it is a tax upon consumption, and therefore the
most unequal and unjust ever invented. He who
derives the largest amount of protection from Gov-
ernment should pay taxes in proportion to the
protection thus received; but under this tariff sys-
tem, it is often the case that the man who has the
least to protect, pays the greatest amount of tax.
We frequently see persons owning thousands of
dollars' worth of property, which is receiving the
piotection of the Government, who do not con-
sume more than the common day-laborer, who
does not own one dollar's worth of property; yet,
as the tax is upon what he consumes, the latter
pays, for the suppoit of the Government, more
than the former. Certainly the Constitution con-
templated and intended to distribute the burdens
of Government equally among ail the citizens of
the States; and must, therefore, have looked to
direct taxation. But this unfair system of taxa-
tion might have been endured without much com-
plaint, if individual interest and cupidity had not
seized upon it as a means of personal aggrandize-
ment. Moneyed men invested in manufactures,
and then demanded of the Government that the
tariff should ha so arranged as to give them pro-
tection against the competition of European labor, j
This was done; and, being done, it was but an 1m- !
position of larger taxes upon consumption, and,
of course, greater burdens upon the consumer; and
this not for the benefit of labor or the Govern-
ment, but for men of capital; and those who
made tins demand upon the Government had the
aid and support of that already incorporated ele-
ment of power—bank capital. Thus, by the ac-
tion of the Government, two formidable powers
had been created, both interested in warring
against the simple administration of the Govern-
ment upon the limited principles of the Consti-
tution.
I know strength was given to this lattei system
by the assertion that its objects were to give pro-
tection to American labor. A greater fallacy than
this was never uttered; a greater imposition upon
human credulity was never made. Protective
tariffs do not benefit labor or give it protection.
It is a direct tax, most burdensome upon human
industry. See, the labor is bestowed and the
fabric is delivered; and in thatformithas thevalue
which the cost of labor and price of the raw ma-
terial give to it; and in that form it is received
New Series—No. 25,
from the hands of the laborer by the capitalist;
then he, by the aid of the tariff, imposes fifty per
cent, on the market price, which increases to that
extent the consumable value, and is a tax upon con-
sumption. Now the laborer may consume as much
of this very article as the capitalist, who is himself
worth millions, and he, having to buy, pays the
fifty per cent., while the capitalist consumes at
the prime cost of labor and raw material. Thus
it will be seen that the protective policy or even
the revenue policy is a burden upon American
labor, and not a protection.
I may support this view of the subject by a re-
mark made to me this winter by a well-informed
and intelligent member, now holding a seat upon
this floor. It was this: he said when he had a
coat, or any other necessary of consumption, to
buy, if he found two articles in market of equal
utility and equal price, he always purchased the
European article, and this was because the duty
on the European article went to pay his taxes;
when, if he consumed the American articles, no
taxes were paid to the Government. Suppose
every man should act upon this reasoning: would
American labor, American industry, receive en-
couragement? And this was a tariff advocate.
So it seems the capitalists whoso clamor for pro-
tection retuse to consume the products of Amer-
ican labor, and leave rt for the consumption of
the American laborer himself, with this enormous
additional cost to the consumer.
Well, there is created another great element of
power in antagonism to the simplicity of our sys-
tem of government, which is now exercising a
most potent influence in the individual affairs of
our people, and subjugating the suffrage to its
wants Then was introduced your system of
internal improvements; harbors were to be made;
rivers improved; roads built; then protection to
your shipping interests, coastwise trade, &c.;
until now there is not a pursuit in which man is
engaged (agriculture excepted) which is not de-
manding legislative aid to enable it to enlarge its
profits, and all at the expense of the primary pur-
suit of man—agriculture. And this is the only j
pursuit of man which cannot be benefited by
legislation.
Thus it will be seen, Mr. Chairman, that the
Federal Government, in direct violation o£*the
purposes of its formation, has given legislative aid
to every pursuit of man, by enabling each to im-
pose a tax upon agriculture; and each of those
interests, having a common purpose of plunder,
has united and combined to use the Government
as the instrument of its operation, and has thus
virtually converted it into a consolidated empire.
Now this combined host of interests stand arrayed
against the agricultural States; and this is the rea-
son of the conflict, which, like an earthquake, is
shaking our political fabric to its foundation. To
the tiiumph and revival of this measure of tariff,
none has given more aid than the person recently
warmed into existence and power by the agricul-
tural States. Recently we have a new demandant j
on the stage, in the shape of the Pacific railroad, j
which, if built by the money of the Government, |
with its millions of dollars, in combination with J
the many hundred millions in State railroads, will |
be able to command, with the most despotic mi- |
perialism, the whole legislation of the country, j
These various interests are now acting as a unit, j
and, by usurpation, have sapped the very founda- ;
lion of our Government; have destroyed the neu- j
tralizing elements to antagonism contained in the 1
organization of our Government, and have viitu- j
ally converted it into a consolidated empire, with i
general powers of legislation over every possible j
interest of our people. j
Against this ursurpation, the agricultural States |
still struggle, and are demanding that we shall re- ;
turn to the constitutional simplicity of the Union, i
as it was formed by the fathers of the Republic.
But no; relentless avarice stands firm with its iron
heel upon the Constitution, and this created in-
corporated power exercises despotic sway; has
chained, like Prometheus, the agricultural States
to the northern rock, and, as so many vultures,
live upon their growing prosperity. Still these
States struggle like a giant, and alarm these in-
corporated interest, least they may yet break the
chain that binds them to usurpation; and there-
fore they are making this fierpe onslaught upon li
the slave property of the southern States. From
this source they expect to draw another element
of power with which to overthrow, practically,
the government of the Constitution—fanaticism.
When they shall have done this, then we have
combined the largest number of antagonisms, the
largest diversity of civilizations, ever embodied
under any Government which has existed in the
same empire. Then will be an utter destruction
of all homogeneity. And then must of necessity
come revolutions, wars, bloodshed, disunion, ana
anarchy.
In the early portion of my remarks I have en-
deavored to show that no people could live to-
| gether in peace between whom there was a want
: of homogeneity of interest, of pursuit, and of civ--
! ilization. And in this assumption lam sustained,
j by all history. Look at the nations of antiquityi
; great and powerful in their infancy, and while
I limited to a small area—for example, Rome, fill-
ing the world with the glory of her deeds and th«
renown of her achievements; when her people?
were homogeneous on account of the smallncss of
her territory; after she had expanded from her <.en-
tcrto the Caspian sea east, and the Atlantic west,
the Baltic north, and the Indian ocean south;
when the shadows of her eagles were seen in every
| land, and the tread of her martial columns were
heard in every clime, the repulsive forces of an-
tagonism rent her asunder; and she lies now bleed-
ing and withering beneath the heel of anarchy.
From this remark, 1 would not have it under-
; stood that I think our Government is expanding
! too much. I do not think so. i think, with the
| division of legislative power distributed as I have
j shown it to have been, between the States and the
' Federal Government, and a strict observance of this
j division, this Government could not bo expanded
| to an inconvenient size. The very nature of the
i organism, if executed according to Us letter and
i spirit, necessiuily avoids antagonism, and pre-
I serves homogeneity. Mr. Chanman, i have said
. the various interests which I have mentioned have
j combined, and have substituted their mere will
for the constitutional Government of our fathers,
and now stand in hostile array against those who
look to and defend the constitutional compact of
the States. In this form we find parties now
organized and arrayed. This usurpation claims
the right, through Congress, to take charge of the
domestic institutions of a portion of the States,
and regulate them according to their peculiar and
strange philosophy. They claim the right to ex-
clude from the Territories of the United States
the property of the citizens of certain States. They
claim the right to destroy that property even in
the States where it now exists. Those States
deny both assumptions, and appeal to the Con-
stitution to sustain them. Eighteen States, where
this combination of incorporated interests exists,
have united to take possession of the Government,
to be wielded according to their peculiar views.
The othei: States say they have no power to do
this; that it is the Government of all the States,
and must be administered for the benefit of all,
and upon the principles of its organism. Out of
this relation of parties grow the present impend-
ing dangers to the country; and out of it must
certainly follow the dismemberment of this Re-
public at a very early period, unless the sober
second thought of men will induce them to return
to and obsei ve the spirit and letter of our com- 9
pact of government. Will you do it, gentlemen
of the Republican party? You tell me, " no."
Well, then, you will go on with your#invasion
of the agricultural industry of the country. Let
me tell you, the hardy, manly, and uncorrupted
tiller of the ground will not stand it. Their free
spirits, elevated by the inspirations of nature,
will revolt. Their proud hearts, unbent and un-
subdued by the tyranny of capital, will raise a
storm of resistance which no power on earth can
resist. Look to it. You stand upon a mere crust,
with the fire  of revolution burning fiercely be-
neath. Look to it. Should another tread of your
iron heel make but a single aperture, the llama
will burst forth, and nothing short of oceans of
human blood, and the desolation of this great
country, can or will extinguish the flame.
But suppose, m this conflict of ours, you should
be victorious, and by the aid of your numbers
you should conquer us; and you theneuaaneipat®
