386
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
our slaves, and force them upon us as equals:
how then would stand the case, and who would
be the greatest sufferers? As I said on a former
occasion, you would have destroyed the whole
capita t*of the South, the very fountain from which
you draw your immense individual and State
wealth. By the emancipation of our slaves you
destroy, ay, extinguish, from three to four bil-
lion of agricultural capital, and release from toil
the great majority of effective laborers South, who
become drones, consuming move than they pro-
duce. You render idle and uncultivated our now
beautiful and productive fields m value many bil-
lions more. The two hundred million dollars'
worth of cotton which now feed your spindles,
and those of the civilized world, and give employ-
ment to millions of operatives, is 110 longer pro-
duced. Our slaves being emancipated, this gen-
eration could substitute no system of labor to take
their place; norcouldthe nextgeneration. The
result would be, that our fields in the South would
remain uncultivated, ay, a desolation; and that
now vast source of productive wealth being de-
stroyed, the addition that it makes to the aggregate
wealth of the nation annually would be stopped, in-
dividual prosperity all over the nation would suffer
to an incalculable extent, and the whole industrial
pursuits of the world bedestioyed. The market for
your mechanical products, your fabrics, would no
longer exist; and rum, like a mildew, would settle
upon your people as well as ours, and yours
might become the fate of Actaeon. Your dogs, with
which you have chased us, may turn and devour
you in return.
But are you right certain you can subjugate the
southern States it they should s$cede? You should
remember that eight million people are hard to
subdue who fight in a just cause; you should
remember that, whatever may be your courage,
we of the South belong to the same common an-
cestry—the same race of men; you should remem-
ber that the honor of the nation has not suffered
m the hands of a southern army upon any field
of battle; you should remember that all the appli-
ances of war are in our reach as well as yours,
and that no people on earth understand the use of
them better than we do; you should remember,
also, that there are thousands of just and fair-
minded men in your own region who condemn your
whole policy, and who think your course of aggres-
sion upon tlie constitutional rights of the southern
States unmanly and unjust, who could never be
brought to take up arms against their friends and
kindred m the South; you should remember that
there are thousands of your best and wisest men
who take the same view of the distribution of the
powers of government between the States and the
Federal Government which 1 have done to-day,
and who will resist, even with arms, the revolu-
tionary changes which you propose; you must
remember that the vast and expansive valley of
the West is, and always must be, essentially agri-
cultural; and that they now feel, and will continue
to feel, the oppressions of your unjust policy as
much as the southern States, and that that now
dawning power will soon ripen into vigorous ma-
turity, and will array itself on the side of the Con-
stitution and State equality; and that when you
come with your armies to subjugate the South,
and force her to yield allegiance and obedience to
your despotic will, alarmed for their own fate,
* they will rally with us in our resistance of usurpa-
tion and on the side of the constitutional govern-
ment of our fathers.
Mr. Chairman, I must ask gentlemen to go
back with me for only seventy years, and exam-
ine the state of commerce and civilisation at that
period, both m Europe and this country. Would
either of them compare with the present time? The
exports of England then did not exceed fifty-five
million; now they aresixhundredmiftion. France
had scarcely any commerce. Her exports did not
exceed fifty million; now they arc three hundred
million. And her imports were far less. This
country, it is true, was in its infancy; may be said
to have had no commerce. Civilization was but
dawning. xNow it has obtained u perfection that
enables society to supply every demand of our
natuie,mentalandphysical. The worldwas poor
then; now it is rich. Individual and national wealth
was then limited; now it is great. And what is the
source of this astonishing prosperity ? It is the
production of cotton, which adds this very year
$223,000,000 to the commercial wealth of th'e
world, giving employment to twenty million spin-
dles in Great Britain, besides those of France
and Germany, Russia and this country. Go on
with your invasion of slavery, and overthrow it,
and the commerce and civilization of the world,
like the hands of the watch when the spring is
broken, will run back at least one hundred years
in the first decade; and every interest of man will
lie blasted and withered, lite the leaves of the
forest when autumn has come. I question, sir,
whether, when you go to invade the South, and to
overthrow her system of labor, if you do not find
the cannon and bayonets of the civilized world
bristling all along her interior frontier, and stud-
ding her sea-coast, guarding it as the heart of
their commercial greatness, and denying to you
the right, in an hour of folly, to destroy the fount-
ain and source of the now universal prosperity,
individual and national, of the world.
But, Mr. Chairman, out of what does this dis-
turbed condition of the country flow? Why do
the southern States think of scceding from the
Union ? And why this threat of war and com-
pulsion, by the Black Republican party? In the
showing 1 have made, the vindication of the
South will be found. Weinsist,first,that the con-
stitutional compact of the fathers shall be strictly
observed by the Federal Government and the
States. We insist, secondly, that by the organ-
ism of the Government, power is distributed be-
tween the Federal Government and the States,
with a view to preserving homogeneity on this
continent, where interests are naturally and ne-
cessarily so diverse; that its spirit is to avoid
antagonisms. We insist, thirdly, that the Gov-
ernment is the common property of all the States.
We insist, fourthly, that no number of States
have the right, by an unholy combination, to seize
it for themselves. We insist, fifthly, that the
chartered interest I have mentioned shall not
combine and take possession of the Government
as the representative of their interest, and as a
means of oppressing the agricultural States. We
insist, sixthly, that a combination of States, by
means of the Government, have no right to inter-
fere, either directly or indneetly, with the domestic
institutions of any State. We insist, seventhly,
that a combination of States have no right, by
means of the Government, to remodel the insti-
tutions of any of the States. We insist, eighthly,
that all the States have a common mteiest in the
common territory, and that the citizens of every
State have the right to go to it and occupy it with
whatever is recognized as property in the State
from which they may go, without molestation or
hinderance by the Federal or territorial govern-
ment until the people, by their chosen delegates,
meet in convention to frame a constitution for
State organization. Grant us this, and we are sat-
isfied. Discord will at once be banished from the
land, and the clouds which now so darkly lower
over our house will be dispersed forever, and the
sun of glorious peace and unity and concord will
again break through the thick and gathering tem-
pest, inspiring the heart of the patriot and lover
of liberty with the brightening prospects around
us. I submit it to you, gentlemen, if there is
anything unjust in these demands? I submit it
to the judgment of the civilized world, whether
we ask too much; whether our demands are un-
reasonable? The maintenance of them I submit
to the arbitrament of the sword, if need be.
.Now, Mr. Chairman, is there anything unjust
or unreasonable in these demands, and can any
fair-minded man refuse to grant them? I will ex-
amine each very briefly, as my time will not ad-
mit of any elaboration.
I first insist upon a strict observance of the
constitutional compact of the fathers of the Re-
public. Is thisnotright? Ought it notto bedonc?
it is a solemn agreement, having its benefits for
all the States. The South should grant to the
feee States their rights under the contract, and
may, with propriety, demand for herself that to '
which she is entitled. This she has always done
faithfully, honestly.
Next, I insist that the organism of the govern-
ments distributes power between the Federal Gov- j
ernment and the States, with a view to preserving
homogeneity and avoiding antagonism. I have
shown, in the early part of my argument, that
this is necessary to give durability and perpetuity
to any government. History sustains me in this
assumption; reason and common sense sustain
me; the common experience of every man, de-
rived from his common observation, sustains me
Should every State, then, not observe this great
fundamental principle of our Government?
In the third place, 1 have assumed that the Fed-
eral Government is the right of all the States, and
its advantages and disadvantages are to be equally
enjoyed and endured by all equally. I may ask
if this should not be allowed ? Have I not shown
that it is not allowed? If so, have I not fairly
and legitimately established cause of complaint by.
the agricultural States? and should we not com-
pel the removal of those causes or withdraw from
the Union?
My fourth proposition is, that no number of
St&tes have the right to combine and seize the
Government for themselves. Would this not bo
a violation of the compact, which would release
the remaining States from theirallegiance,and fully
authorize them to withdraw that allegiance and
assert their separate independence ? In my judg-
ment, any fair-minded man will give me an af-
firmative answer. The southern States are par-
ties to a Government of all the States, have the
right to participate in its administration, and a
voice in its control.
I assert, as my fifth proposition, that the char-
tered interests enumerated by me have no right to
unite their separate powers and then take the pos-
session of the Government as the means of exe-
cuting their purposes of oppression. Have they
this right? If they do it, will not a new party to
the Government be introduced, changing the
whole nature and purposes of the compact? And
will the Government then be the same given us
by our fathers ? And will this not absolve us from
our allegiance, and sustain us in our declared pur-
pose to secede without a reformation ?
My sixth proposition is,that a numherof States
cannot combine, and by the means of suffrage or
otherwise take the control of the Government, and
then use it, either directly or indirectly, to affect,
alter, or change the domestic institutions of any
of the States, without releasing those States from
their allegiance, and affording them just cause for
secession. Has this not been done? Is not the
Republican organization for this very purpose?
Have they not, in every way they could, from
the moment of their organization to this hour,
been endeavoring to render the institution of sla-
very as insecure as possible? Is it not their avowed
purpose to overthrow it at the earliest moment it
can be done, without producing a shock too vio-
lent to the peace and commerce of the world r Are
they not constantly, by every means which Hu-
man ingenuity can devise, exerting themselves to
rendentinsecure,odious,troublesome to manage,
and dangerous to the white race? And will they
not, the moment they obtain power, by means of
proscription and acts of usurpation, utterly de-
stroy the institution, emancipate the slaves, and
force them upon the white community South as
our equals? This proposition none will deny.
And for this cause alone the southern States will
be released from their allegiance to the Govern-
ment, and must organize for their own security.
My seventh proposition contains a denial of
the right of a number of States to combine and
take the possession of the Government by any
means, and thus remodel the institutions of any
of the States. Is such power possessed by the
Federal Government? In what clause is it to be
found? Is it in accordance with the spirit of our
Government? I have shown that such interfer-
ence by the Federal Government with the States
was the thing most dreaded, and afforded the
principal difficulty to the Union, and was more
strictly guarded in the Constitution than any other
one thing. Many of the States, thinking their
protection was not sufficiently guarded, required
amendments to the Constitution before they would
adopt it, making their protection more explicit.
My last proposition is, that each State has a
common interest in the common territory; and
that the citizens of each State have the right to go
to it, and occupy with whatever is recognized as
property in the State from which he emigrated,
without molestation or hinderance by the Federal
