2112
THE
CONCESSIONAT
rxs jr.jlju
GLOBE.
June 8,
like the evidence he speaks of now, has been
slumbering in his pocket, to be shown to the
minority of the committee only, if tp anybody.
Now, 1 say, in-reference to the precinct not thrown
out, if the gentleman could hunt up evidence, and
ask the committee either to receive that evidence
in the form of affidavits, or to give time to take
depositions to prove those facts, but left the pre-
cincts which were thrown out without producing
even an affidavit concerning them, the presump-
tion is, and the belief and judgment of the com-
mittee is, that the fact is, as the record shows,
that those men were not sworn. Now, sir, after
all this, after having urged that although there
was no evidence on these returns, and after we
came to the conclusion that it was competent for
the sitting member to prove the fact if he desired,
and gave him that opportunity, and he did not
avail himself of that opportunity, we inferred, and
we had a right to infer, it seems to me, that the
fact conformed to the record.
Then came the question, what is to be the effect
of this fact? We \yent further, and told the sit-
ting member, as we say in our majority report,
that, although you have not shown that these offi-
cers were sworn, yet if you will show that there
was an honest poll at those precincts, \vc will
count all votes which you will show us were hon-
estly cast. I have to say that the law of this case,
and the precedents of Congress, go further than
we went. The precedent of Congress, to which
reference is made in the report of the committee,
is, that where an officer had refused or neglected
to take the oath, there the poll should be disre-
garded and not counted at all. There is, in addi-
tion to the three references in the report, another
in the Thirty-Foui th Congress. The report of
the Committee of Elections, in the case of the
Delegate from New Mexico, was based upon pre-
cisely such a state of fact3as this. " It does not
appear," is the language of the committee, "that
the officers at certain precincts were sworn. The
committee were of opinion that if, in point of fact,
it was true that they were sworn, the sitting mem-
ber could and would have shown it." And he
having failed to show it, they say that they infer
legitimately that these officers were not sworn;
and they not being sworn, the committee rejected
the vote. Cushing, in his Law and Practice of
Legislative Assemblies, lays down the same rule.
One word more, which would very properly
have come in at another place, and that is in ref-
erence to the argument against the evidence de-
rived from the census returns. It was argued at
great length in the minority report, and repeated
in the remarks of the sitting member, that there
was no identity between the names upon the poll
lists and the names which the census takers found
when they went out into the street, and to a cer-
tain number in the street, and found a man of the
same name who told the census taker that he was
not a naturalized person. He was not identified
as being the same man, though bearing the same
name.
Well, sir, if there is any force in this applica-
tion, it is this: that you cannotaffect that voter at
all, except you get a man who happened to see
him cast his vote, and send that man to the house
where the voter resides, and let him look him in
the face and see if it is the same man. Exceptso
far as the same person saw these men vote, and
then saw them at their residences, and could iden-
tify them in that way, and say that it was the same
person, there is, it is contended, no proof. You
see at once, Mr. Speaker, that such a position
would effectually shield any fraud and prevent
allinvestigation. It is a stringency of the rule of
law serviceable enough to clear from the gallows
the vilest murderer in the world; but that never pre-
vailed in an election case. It would do credit to
the men who defend criminals at the Tombs and
pick flaws in indictments, and cross-question wit-
nesses about their own identity. Common sense
says that if there is another man of the same name,
show it. The world cannot show that; there is not
anybody can show that there is. But, sir, it is
enough to look to the Thirty-Fourth Congress
for precedents to cover all that. In the case
already alluded to—the New Mexico case—there
were men rejected as illegal voters because they
were claimed to be Mexican citizens. There was
a provision of treaty between us and Mexico, that
all Mexican citizens who, within a certain ti;i)e,
ftsrfiSsiJ ttet they desired to remain Mexicans, i
should not become American citizens in conse-
quence of the transfer of New Mexico to the
United States. At the elections in New Mexico
a certain man voted, and the same name was found
on such certificate; the same name appeared as a
voter that was attached to the certificate, show-
ing that the person intended to remain a Mexican
citizen. The Committee of Elections, in that case,
said that this was enough to throw the burden of
proof upon the sitting member to show that there
was another man of the same name.
Now it is said that there is no law which re-
quires any return from the officers of election
that they have taken the oath of office. It is
stated by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] and by my learned colleague on the
committee, [Mr. Stevenson,] that the law of 1825,
expressly providing that this evidence should be
returned with the returns, was repealed. I say
that it has been repealed. So my friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Marston] said it had been re-
pealed; but my friend from New Hampshire read
another law that passed just before that was re-
pealed, at the same session, which provided, in
so many words, that so far as members of Con-
gress-were concerned, it should not be repealed;
and neither gentleman from Missouri 1ms alluded
to that law. But, I will not say they have " stu-
iously " or " ably " concealed the fact from the
House. I will only say, that this law has been
read to them here, in the hearing of the House,
and they have not referred to it. They have
omitted it, that is all. I will endeavor to read it
once more. Just before the Legislature repealed
the law of 1825, which provided that as to the
election of all officers, this evidence should be re-
turned with the votes, they passed the law, which
is the law to-day, with only this difference, that it
provides for more Representatives in Congress
than are provided for by the law of 1835. The law
is as follows:
" JlnA he it. cnartcd, That an election shall be Iield at the
several electoral precincts of the State on the first Monday
in August—tile first Monday m August 1836, and on the
first Monday in August every two years tlierealter, for tho
purpose of electing two members of Congress for the State;
and the said election to be governed in alt respects under the
law winch governed the election of meniben> of Congress
from tho Slate heretofore."
Now, sir, if all respccts does not include this
respect of which I have been speaking, then they
are right; otherwise they arc wrong.
Now, sir, this much is all I can say in the brief
time allotted to me. The committee looked at
this case in detail and in general; they looked
at it in all its bearings. They looked at it in view
of the fact that it was proved before the commit-
tee that many persons voted at the election whose
names were not known, and who then took their
leave and have not been found since. Theirnames
were almost legion. They are gone; they cannot
be traced. Your committee have endeavored to
trace them, and have traced them as far as they
were able, with this result. But, sir, my friend
from North Carolina corrected me as to the differ-
ence of 16 votes in the Gravois district. That pre-
cinct is rejected by us altogether. But I am glad
to make the correction. Out of 600 or 700 illegal
votes, the gentleman has discovered that we have
made a mistake with regard to 16. 1 have ex-
amined and found the error to be as the gentle-
man from North Carolina has stated. 1 also
found, on that examination, other errors, which
I should have charged to tho account of the sitting
member, to the number of 8. I only wonder there
were no more mistakes. In the minority report,
which dealt with but 40 names, 1 pointed out the
other day a mistake of 16 votes.
Sir, the case is now with the House—not only
in the light of this election, but in the light of all
the election frauds that have transpired in this
country for a few years past. It is with the
House in the light of the elections at Philadelphia,
in 1856, of Kickapoo, Delaware Crossing, and
Pembina. It is with it in the light of all those
gigantic and systematic frauds, which found their
original at Plaquemine, and which seem to breed
imitations all over the country. I ask the House
to judge the case fairly; to judge it fearlessly;
to meet the responsibility, and say whether the
House is willing to take upon itself to purify the
ballot-box, or whether it will say that this po-
etry which talks about the ballot "executing the
freeman's will as the lightning doth the will of
God," shall come to be nothing but poetry, or
whether the House will, by rejecting these reso-
lutions, enact that the ballot shall hereafter exe-
cute no will but that of corrupt and unscrupulous
men in power who attempt, by these fraudulent
means, to prolong that power which a free people
and an honest ballot bestow only as a reward for
the faithful performance of the public service ?
Mr. GARTRELL. I rise for the purpose of
suggesting the propriety of having a call of the
House, so as to enable absent members to be in
when the vote is being taken, as it is now to be
taken on this resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. If gentlemen are not in at-
tendance at this period ofthe day's session, (three
o'clock,) I do not think they should have a vote.
Mr. GARTRELL. I make the motion, not
for the purpose of delaying the vote, but only to
allow members to come in. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will surely make no
objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. I raised no point of order.
Mr. GARTRELL. Then, for the purpose of
accomplishing that result, and as an easier mode
probably, it has been suggested to me to move an
adjournment; and on that motion to call the yeas
and nays. Of course I shall vote against it my-
self; but it is merely to enable those who are
absent to come in.
Mr. DAWES. Why not move a call of the
House?
" Mr. GARTRELL. Very well; I move a call
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. My object in making the sug-
gestion was to allow gentlemen to come in while
we are voting on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, and move a call of tho House.
A call of the House was ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that it will not be
construed into a precedent hereafter for ordering
a call of the House after the main question has
been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. By no means. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is done by unanimous consent, and the arrange-
ment will not be a precedent.
Mr. PHELPS. Let it be entered on the Jour-
nal as by unanimous consent.
Tho roll was then called; when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Green Adams, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Bab-
bitt, Boteler, Brown, Campbell, Clemens, Conklms, Cor-
win, Garnett, Hall, flaskin, Ilutchins, Kilgore, KilJinger,
Elbert S. Martin, McClernand, Miles, Laban T. Moore,
Nixon, Olin, Palmer, Quarles, Sedgwick, Sickles, Somes,
Stanton, Trimble, Vance, Verree, Webster, and Woodiuff.
During the roll call,
Mr. ETHERIDGE, when his name was called,
said: Mr. Corwin is confined to his room by
sickness, and he wrote me a note asking me to
pair with him during tho day; and I have con-
sented to do so, as he paired with me under simi-
lar circumstances during the early part of the ses-
sion.
Mr. BOCOCK. "We should be pleased if the
gentleman would state how Mr. Corwin would
have voted. I understand that Mr. Corwin would
vote against the contestant's right to the seat.
Does the gentleman say he would vote in favor of
it?
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I do not know anything
about it. I only know that I should vote in favor
of the sitting member.
Mr. BOCOC K. I have heard it distinctly stated
that Mr. Corwin would vote that Mr. Blair is
is not entitled to the seat.
Mr. TOMPKINS. There can be no authority
for making that statement, unless Mr. Corwin
has changed his mind since four o'clock yester-
day afternoon.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I am acting on a letter
from Mr. Corwin himself.
Mr. COLFAX. I submit that Mr. Corwin
has a right to make any pair lie chooses, without
its being challenged here.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was not asking any privi-
lege. We all know that it is not customary for
gentlemen to pair unless they are on opposite
sides, and therefore I asked the question.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he had paired off
upon this question with his colleague, Mr. Kil-
gore, or he should have voted to sustain Mr.
Barret in his seat, believing that he was clearly
entitled to it.
