808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
election cases, which is very voluminous. It is
in the cases of Francis P. Blair, jr., contesting the
seat of J. R. Barrett, of Missouri; of James S.
Crisman, contesting the seat of William C. An-
derson, of XCentucky; and of William A. How-
ard, contesting the seat of Georgia B. Cooper,-of
Michigan.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections whether the testi-
mony he asks to have printed is testimony which
has been passed upon by that committee, and has
been determined to be legitimately before them;
in other words, whether they have determined
that this order to print will not include anything
which the committee have not determined is legit-
imately before them as evidence I
Mr. GILMER. It includes nothing except what
has been referred to them as evidence.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; but I will sug-
gest to the gentleman that there may have been
many papers referred to them which, upon exam-
ination, the committee may rule out. Of course,
it will not be necessary to print them. Jt occurs
to me thafeit would be proper for the committee
to first determine what shall be received by them
as proof in the several cases; and that other papers
which may have been referred to them, and which
may be entirely irrelevant, shall not be printed.
I do not know that any such papers have been
referred to the committee, but such may be the
case.
Mr. GILMER. I will reply, for the satisfac-
tion of my friend from Alabama, that it will be
necessary, in order that my friend and myself may
become sufficiently familiar with this testimony
to determine what is competent and what is not,
to take at least six months to examine it.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the attention of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina for one moment. I
desire to know whether it is proposed, under this
order, to print any other testimony than that
which has been referred to the committee on pre-
sentation to the House by the Speaker?
Mr. GILMER. Not at all.
The order to print was made.
disbursement of xiie contingent fund.
Mr. CURRY submitted the following resolu-
tion; wlilch was considered, and, by unanimous
consent, agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be lnMiucted
to inquire into the expediency of s mc addition;!] legisla-
tion securing greatoi accountability and economy m the dis-
bursement of the contingent tund; and that they have leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
this fishing bounties.
Mr. CURRY also introduced a bill repealing
all laws, or parts of laws, granting bounties or
allowances to vessels employed m the bank or
other cod fisheiies; which was read a first and
.second time, nnd inferred to the Committee <m
Military Affairs.
collection of duties, etc.
Mr. CLOPTON introduced a bill to repeal
"An act further to provide for the collection of du-
ties," approved March 2,1833,and the twclfthand
twenty-fifth sections of the "Act for establishing !
the judicial courts of the United Stales,"approved !
September 24, 1789; which was read a first and i
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. j
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is a part of that bill j
which I think ought to be referred to the Commit- :
tee of Ways'and Means; and I move, therefore,
that the bill take that reference. j
The SPEAKER. The question will be first ;
stated on the motion to refer it to the Committee j
of Ways and Means. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the bill ;
has already been referred. I understand, from i
the remark of my colleague, that the twelfth sec- I1
tion of the law, relating to the collection of the ■ }
revenue, is a judicial question, i have not ex- jj
annned the question; but I have no £oubt it j's one, '!
as my colleague suggests, for the Committee on :i
the Judiciary. i
Mrf CAMPBELL. Then, if it is a judicial ji
question, I withdraw my motion.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the !
Judiciary. ,
creek indian depredations.
Mr. CLOPTON also introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the examination and payment of certain
claims of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on j
account of losses sustained by depredations of the |
Creek Indians; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian AiTaiis.
mrs. mary ann iienity.
Mr CLOPTON also introduced a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Mary Ann Henry, of Pennsylva-
nia; which was read a first ana Second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
adjournment of the session.
Mr. CLOPTON also introduced the following-
resolution; which he asked be put on its passage:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President of
the Seriate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
he authotized to close the present session by adjourning
their respective Houses on the 8th day of May next, atone
o'clock, p. ni.
Mr. BINGHAM. I objcct to its being put on
its passage.
Mr. GROW. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Revisal and Unfin-
ished Business.
The motion was agreed to; and it was referred
accordingly.
daniel lookingbill.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, introduced a bill
for the relief of Daniel Lookingbill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
appeal in certain criminal cases.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, also introduced a
bill to provide for appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States m certain criminal cases; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
adjournment of the session.
Mr. KEITT. I ask leave to introduce a res-
olution authorizing the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of this House to adjourn their
respective Houses sine die at twelve o'clock, m.,
on Tuesday the 5th of June next; and I call for
the previous question on the adoption of the res-
olution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
Mr. KEITT. Then I withdraw it.
obstructions in the pass maxctt\c.
Mr. McRAE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War is hereby requested
to furnish the IIou<e of Representative* with copies of any
oiders, which maybe on file in ins Department, of General
Andrew Jackson, or any officer actin? under he< direction
or under tlie authority of the United States, during the war
with Great Britain of 1812, closing the communication
between the Gulf of Mexico and the Mississippi nver, by
placing ob>tiuctions in the Pa«s Manchac to prevent the
P'ls^aL'f of British troops and munitions of wai through that
channel Irorri th * Gulf to the Mississippi rivei ; also any
other mfoiillation m lefercrice to closing said pa*-*, hv au-
thoiity of the Government, which may be on file in the War
ollicc.
mississippi sound:
Mr. McRAE introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved* That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
requested to furnish the House of Representatives with a
memoir of the Mississippi Sound on the Mexican Gulf
coa^t, with the maps and chaits of the same, as taken by
the coast survey; a!?o to furnish the House with a statement
of the amount ot money at any time heretofoie appropii-
ated by Congress for naval and rmlitar} defenses* on the Gulf
coa>.t of Mississippi.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that that resolution be
referred to'the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was referred accordingly.
neutrality law.
Mr. BARKSDALE introduced a bill to repeal
certain sections of the act passed 20th April, 1818,
commonly called the neutrality law, and to mod-
ify other sections thereof; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. *
third judicial district of mississippi.
Mr. LAMAR introduced a bill to provide a
third judicial district in the State of Mississippi;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
acquisition of cuba.
Mr. TAYLOR introduced a bill to provide for
the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by negotia-
tion, and for its incorporation into the Union in
the event of its being so acquired; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to tho Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
preemption rights.
Mr. TAYLOR also introduced a bill to protect
the rights of persons entitled to preemption rights
under the laws of the United States in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
security of passengers.
Mr. TAYLOR also introduced a bill further to
amend an act to provide for the better security of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
seizure of tiie bark adriatic.
Mr. TAYLOR also introduced a joint resolu-
tion relative to the alleged seizure and condemna-
tion of the American bark Adriatic by the French
authorities; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
compensation of members of congress.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate the compensation
of members of Congress," passed August 16,
1856, and to repeal so much of said act, and of all
other acts, as allow mileage to Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
laws of new mexico.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a bill to dis-
approve and declare null and void all territorial
acts and parts of acts heretofore passed by the
Legislative Assembly of New Mexico which es-
tablish, protect, or legalize involuntary servitude
or slavery within saidTerritory, except as a pun-
ishment for crime upon due conviction; which
was read a first time.
Mr. LEAIvE. I object to a second reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right, under the resolution under which we
are acting, to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. LEAKE. I object to a second reading of
the bill: and it is competent to put the question
to the House whether they will reject it or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman has the right to introduce a bill to
have it read twice and referred to a committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the bill, in pursuance
of previous notice, under the resolution under
which the House is now acting, and I ask for its
second reading.
The bill was read a second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
president's message.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced the following reso-
lution:
Resolved. That so much of the President's message a-*
refer* to the legality of slavery in the Territories, and so
much thereof a-* lecommend?. or has relation to, an appro-
priation to he made by Congress, to be paid to tho Spanish
Government, for the puipo-c of distribution among the
claimants in the Ami^ad ea-o. be reieired to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with in^ti notions to impure into and
report upon the propriety of *aid leeommendation in rela-
tion to-the Amistad ca^e.andof tho statement-'and recom-
mendations of The said message m j elation to the legality
of slavery in the Tenitone>.
Mr. BINGHAM. I osk that that resolution be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON, i desire to know whether
it is in the power of the House to take nny order
in relation to the President's message, which is
not before the House. The President's message
is now out of the jurisdiction of the House; it is
before the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It is not, in my opinion, m the
power of the House now to make any nrdei what-
ever in relation to it. The message would have
to be brought back into the House before the
House could h/we jurisdiction of it.
The SPEAKER. The gvntleman does not
propose to have the resolution adopted, but sim-
ply to refer it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ii the I-Iouse ha^ no power
the committee will have none.
