I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONRGHBSSIONAL GLOBE.
36xh Gong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Morrill.
Ho. of Rbbs.
or territorial government, until the period when
the people of the Territory meet in convention to
form a constitution for State organization. The
few minutes allowed me under the operation of
this hour rule will not justify an elaborate exam-
ination of this important proposition. I shall only
be able to present the most piomincnt reasons for
this assumption.
Government is intended and is established for
the protection of communities or societies; and,
of course, the individual members of that commu-
nity in their rights of person and things. It is
the sovereignty of a community which creates the
government, and defines its powers and duties.
The legislative duty is protection, not destruction.
It has no function which can destroy, either di-
rectly or indirectly. It has not even the power to
pass oppressive laws. The whole function of
legislation is protection. Out of protection alle-
giance arises; when protection is notgranted, alle-
giance is absolved.
Now, I have said the sovereignty of a commu-
nity creates the government. This is done by a
contract between sovereigns. That contract is
called a constitution. In t^is contract the sover-
eigns have the right to agree upon the peculiar
organism of the government. They have the
right to agree upon what shall be property, and
what shall not. And when this agreement is thus
made, the legislative power which springs out of
and is the creature of this contract, must make its
legislation conform to the organism of the gov-
ernment, and give full and perfect protection to
persons and property. Now, the legislative pow-
er of a Territory cannot be greater than those of
a State, or its function different. The whole scope
of legislative power being protection, can a Ter-
ritorial Legislature destroy the element of prop-
erty m a slave directly ? If I am answered no, then
I extend the inquiry, and ask how it can do it by
unfriendly legislation? That which cannot be
done directly, cannot be done indirectly. This
is a truism which none will controvert. The
whole power of the people of a Territory is legis-
lation for protection, and that power is derived
from the organic act of Congress. "When, how-
ever, they come to make a constitution for State
organization, having the right thus to assemble,
their character is changed. Instead of exercising
legislative powers, they assemble as sovereigns,
and for the purpose of performing sovereign acts.
Then, for the first time, they may say what shall
and what shall not be property. Then, for the
first time, they have the right to determine and
give positive shape to their domestic institutions.
Tins view of the subject is m accordance with the
nature and character of our institutions, and the
genius of our Government; and if adopted and
enforced, will secure peace and quiet m the Terri-
tories and give satisfaction to all the States of (he
Union. That other doctrine of unfriendly legis-
lation is full of mischief, violates the spirit of our
institutions, and leads to war, discord, and revo-
lution.
I have endeavored to show, in the early part of
my remarks, that the organism of our Govern-
ment looked mainly to the preservation of homo-
geneity, and the avoiding of antagonisms; yet
this doctrine of unfriendly legislation directly vi-
olates this great fundamental principle of govern-
ment, and without the existence of which I have
shown no government can exist long in peace.
The effect of the doctrine is to introduce discord
and anarchy into the Territory the very moment
it is organized. Under its recognition four men
go from the slave States and four from the free
States. A struggle at once begins for the posses-
sion of the government; the one wanting it to
protect himself and property, the other, by un-
friendly legislation, to expel him and his property
from the Territory. Thus opposing forces are
introduced, from which come a struggle for the
government; from this come violence, collision
of arms; and this collision one of these days will
spread itself over the entire nation, initiating civil
war, with all its horrors and direful consequences.
The principle which I have asserted, and which
is the true theory, has exactly the opp )site effect.
Under it, when persons go to the Territory,
whether from a free or slave State, they know
that property must remain in the status it is in-
troduced until the constitution is formed. Then
there is no cause for conflict; and by.the time
this State constitution is to be formed, the climate
and soil and productive value of the slave will
determine the question of slavery; and the public
judgment, founded on experience, will give, peace-
ably, form to the organism of the State upon this
subject.
I submit to the deliberate judgment of mankind
whether the views I have this clay presented are
not founded in correct principles. These causes
of complaint, and these usurpations, are the dis-
turbing elements to the harmony of the States.
They must be abandoned and reformed, or the
Union will be dismembered. They are incom-
patible with the nature and organism of our Fed-
eral Union. Not one of them have originated
with the southern States. We have given no
cause of complaint. We have been guilty of no
act of aggression. We have done no wrong to
any State. We have not intermeddled with the
institutions of'any States. We have contributed
all in our power to the general prosperity of the
nation. We have been loyal to the Government.
We have paid our taxes. We have fought the
battles of our country. We have shown an almost
inextinguishable love for the Union. We have
appealed in the most affectionate manner to our
sister States to let us alone—to let our domestic
institutions remain unimpaired as we received
them ftom our fathers.^Butall our remonstrances
have gone unheeded. We have been diiectly in-
terfered with in our measures of State policy.
Our slaves have been encouraged to insubordina-
tion and rebellion. We have been invaded in our
borders, and our people have been murdered, and
the lives of our women and children have been
put in peril. For relief from ail these causes of
complaint and aggression we have been corn-
polled to look to disunion as the only remedy.
And tjiis, you tell us, we shall notenjoy. To the
God of battles and the just judgment of mankind
we refer the issue.
Sir, there is an instinct in all animal and intel-
lectual life which warns us of existing danger
when afar off. You remember the last days of
Pompeii. The arena crowded.with human beings;
Glaucus thrown to the lion; his timidity and refusal
to notice his victim; the cry of the mistaken
multitude, Arbaces, to the lion; at that moment
his uneasiness' and hoarse roar; the unearthly
rumbling noise as it came from the bosom of the
mountain. The tall mountain forest son as it was
sent high in the heavens by the volcanic passion
rending the mountain asunder; the destruction of
the city and its thousands of inhabitants. That
same instinct in my bosom admonishes me to-day
of danger to my country. I hear the first mut-
tering of revolution. Its fires may break through
the crust that confines it in the next six months,
and blood will deluge the land, and the sword"
destroy our people. We have yet time to avert
it. The means is in the hands of you, the Black
Republican party. Will you do it? Answer to
your God and mankind.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MORRILL,
OF VERMONT,
Ik the House of Representatives,
June 6, i860.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. MORRILL said:
Mr. Chairman: The struggles of men in power
to maintain their positions—10 cling to the scep-
ter—have been marked in all history. The genial
robes of office cannot be torn from men long in
public stations without seeming rudeness, if not
actual violence. The petty constable, defeated at
the last election, lingers at Helena with his dis-
ease of the heart, as much as Napoleon himself.
Louis Philippe departs from Veisailles with no
more reluctance than John Tyler from Washing-
ton. Men in office seldom retire but on com-
pulsion. Parties do not submit to ostracism with-
out a contest. In France, such epochs are the
mile-stones of revolution. In England the strug-
gle is not so convulsive, but there the tenacity of
life among placemen is tough and unyielding.
Neither Sir Robert Peel nor Lord North, neither
Wellington norPalmerston, quit their posie with-
out a lingering look behind. They have dissolu-
tions of Parliaments, fierce agitation, and ynonstee
meetings; but at last they yield to the popular
wish of the nation, and with no unpatriotic at-
tempt to break their fail by pulling down tiie
glories of their empire. ...... . - I
In our own country the bitterness of party war- \m
fare is proverbial and quadrennial,, and within a
few years the motto has been to give no quarter.
" To the victors belong the spoils,"and file >;anr
quished "have no rights which white men are
bound to respect." Such being the fate of de-
feated parties, it is not surprising that it should
not be contemplated with complacency, and ex-
plains much of the ferocity which conspires the
ruin of the reputation of opposing party organi-
zations and party men, rather than accept the
doom which awaits defeat. In such a wart'dre,
the soldiers of greatest audacity in consistent and
persistent slander become entitled to the places
and pensions of the highest grade. The Demo-
cratic party, deeply skilled in this low art of po-
litical war, have drawn their subsistence so long
from the national Treasury, that, when it seeing
imperiled, it is construed into an invasion of
vested rights, and they declare their readiness to
deny their allegiance to the Union so soon as their
services shall be declined by a majority of the
people. Democratic theory is constitutional and
conservative while it contributes to the ascend-
ency of a particular dynasty; but if, by the same
legal processes, another party or set of men is
inaugurated,it becomes fanatical,an open and pal-
pable violation of constitutional rights; and, in
short, a despotism to -be resisted by all the grave
responsibilities of a revolution.
T he Democratic party, from its longcontinuance
in office, puts forth the claim of absolutism and
hereditary succession, and knows not how else to
obtain a livelihood. It rather feais the alternative
of a fair day's work for a fair day's pay. Itclinga
to the legitimacy of Democratic office-holding,
and sanctions the doctrine that the Democratic
party can do no .wrong. The loss of office, like
the loss of aristocratic appendages by the old
French nobility, drives modern Democracy to the
brink of despair and terrible gesticulation.
A party like this, it is evident, has outlived its
usefulness, and cannot retain the confidence of
freemen. Having lost the moral support of the
country, it has propped itself up and maintained
aJiobbling existence by an unexampled abuse of
the public patronage. At last, it is even false to
itself, and lias not that honor left which usually
enables even the most reckless men to agree upon
a division of spoils.
A party which has no philosophy which bin4s
it to its own record from one year to the next,
will not only relax from the traditions of our fore-
fathers, but will soon come to reject the maxims
of those who founded the party itself. The pa-
ternity of the Democratic party clearly belongs to
Thomas Jefferson; and yet those who still rally
under the Democratic name have lost all trace of
the leading principles of his statesmanship, and
reject the care of his reputation as a burden. Liv-
ing for a different result, they will not be embar-
rassed by his means. Though clinging to the
party lie organized, they marshal its forces to
defeat his avowed objects and noblest purposes.
Democracy, at its birth, had faith in the people;
now, in its gray-hairhood, it has faith only in the
conservatism of a judiciary elected for life, and in
a nationality represented by slavery, . Rejecting
the whole political gospel according to Jefferson,
they have only not rejected the five loaves and
two small fishes.
After three fourths of a century, the expecta-
tions of the framcrs of our Government concern-
ing slavery have been sadly disappointed. Tlieir
action was based upon the idea of leaving nothing
upon the record incongruous with ultimate ana
universal emancipation. In future ages our Con-
stitution was to reveal no trace of an institution at
war with its preamble.—the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. Ihe symmetry of our theory was to
have been sustained by our practice. Our his-
tory was to have been heroic, and without a page
to blot. But the ever-increasing demand of the
world for that wondrous and beautiful staple, cot-
