1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■809
The SPEAKER. The Chair deckles that the
gentleman has a right to offer the resolution and
have it referred.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think I have. I ask that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 have no doubt you have.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE AND FREE TKADE.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform the IloubC whether a copy of a recent
letter of the Emperor of France, upon the subject of com-
merce and free trade, has been communicated to the Ex-
ecutive by the French Government, or by our acting Min-
ister in France; and if so, that he transmit to the House a
copy of the Kime, if not incompatible, in his opinion, with
the public intciests.
ARMING OF THE MILITIA.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM also introduced a bill
to amend the act of April 23, 1808, entitled "An
actmakingprovision for arming and equipping the
whole body of the militia of the United States;"
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Militia.
TENSIONS TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS.
Mr. HOWARD introduced a bill granting pen-
sions to the officers and soldiers of the war with
Great Britain of 1812, and to those engaged in the
Indian wars during that period; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. STANTON. I move that it be referred tu
the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I move that
it be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois.
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution;
which was read, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
stiacted to icport a bill amchclatoiy of th^ act pV-cd Fob-
inarv 19. 18." l, piovidtng that no contestant for a seat m the
House of Representatives shall he paid anything, either as
salar> oi othei wwe. unless he >hal! be surHvs-stul m his con-
test, "i||id be admitted to ins s?oat in the House.
POST OFFICE BUILDING- IN COLUMBUS, OHIO.
Mr. COX also introduced the following rcsolu- ;
tion; which was read,and referred to the Commit- ;
tee on the Post Office and Pust Roads: i
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po^t Office and Po-t !
Road- bc-ieque-ted roropoit a bill piovidimj for the election .
<>i a building for a post office, andothei puiposcs, in Colum- '
bus, Ohio. j
EXEQUATUR OF WILLIAM TREVITT. j
Mr. COX also introduced the following rcsolu- i
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: I
Resolved, That the President of the Cnited State* be j
requested to communicate to tin-? Ilou-e, if not incompatible (
with the public soivice, the correspondence between tins :
Government and the Republic of Chili, with ieference to ,
the withdrawal of the evequatur of William Tie\ ltt, consul 1
at Valparaiso. I
SILAS STEPHENS. j
Mr, CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ohio :
yielded to nio, to allow me to introduce a bill. j
* The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from '
Ohio yield? I
Mr. COX. If I have the power to do so. j
Mr. WADE. T object. !
Mr. CLEMENS. I was not here when my !
State was called. I ask permission now to intro- j
ducc a bill. _ # j
There was no objection. I
Mr. CLEMENS thereupon introduced a bill ;
granting an invalid pension to Silas Stevens, of ]
Virginia; which was read a fust and second time, :
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen- j
sions. ;
MARION TOWNSHIP, OHIO. ;
Mr. ALLEN introduced a bill for the relief of j
original surveyed fractional townships Nos. 8, 1
J2,°and 13> embraced in the township of Marion,
m Mercer county, Ohio: which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. HELMICK introduced a bill to reduce the
compensation of members of Congress, and to
regulate the mileage; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Mileage.
JOHN JACKSON.
Mr. HELMICK also introduced a bill grant-
ing a pension to John Jackson, an invalid soldier;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ELECTION OF PRINTER—-POSTPONEMENT.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, to which the election of Printer
has been postponed, the House will now proceed
to the election.
Mr. REAGAN. I would inquire whether,
while we are in the execution of a special order,
it docs not retain its place until it is finished?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone that
spccial order until this special order be com-
pleted.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Let it be passed
over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the calling of the States
and Territories be completed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would rather the gentle-
man from Ohio would state the hour to winch he
wishes the election of Printer to be postponed, so
that members may know when to attend for that
purpose.
Mr.STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Say to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; to-morrow at
one.
Mr. HOUSTON. Better have it this evening.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone till one o'clock to-morrow; and u was agreed
to.
RESTORING MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. BLAKE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t Office and
Post Roads b" nivtineted to inquire into the expediency of
rcstoi ins the mail sei vice of the United States, to that every
section of the eountiy shall have the full benefit of such
pervicc, a-- p'eviou ^ to the Ht day of February, A. D. Ib39,
and icpoit by bill or otherwise.
COMPENSATION AND MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. THEAKER introduced a bill to reduce the
compensation and mileage of Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates in Congress; which was
read a firs ' nd second time, and referred to the
Committee on Mileage.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. GURLEY introduced a joint resolution
authoi izing the enlargement of, and construction
of a branch to, the Louisville and Portland canal;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
MILITARY LAND DISTRICT IN OHIO.
Mr. TRIMBLE introduced a bill allowing fur-
ther time to those holding lands by entries in the
Virginia military land district, in Ohio, which
were made prior to the 1st of January, 1852, to
have the same surveyed and patented: which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. TRIMBLE. 1 move that it be roferrcdto
a select committee of five.
Air. COX. Why not have it referred to the
Judiciary Committee3
Mr. STANTON". It is better to let it go to a
select committee. It belongs exclusively to the
military district of Ohio; and the committee should
be composed of members from that district.
The motion to refer to a select committee of five
was agreed to.
HARBOR AT THE MOUTII OP TIIE CUYAIIOGA.
Mr. WADE introduced a bill malting an ap-
propriation for the repair of the harbor at the
mouth of the Cuyahoga river, in the State of Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
REVISION OF JOINT RULES.
Mr. STANTON. I have a joint resolution,
which I hope there will be no objection to.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives, That
a joint comnuttce oi three members on the part of the
House, and memoers on the part of the Senate, he ap-
pointed to levise the joint rules of the two Houses, with
power to report at any time.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not understand
the object of the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Illinois
says he does not understand the object of the res-
olution. It is to have some arrangement made
with regard to legislation on appropriation bills,
to revise joint rules, and to have the two Houses
brought together somewhat, so as to avoid the
conflict between them.
The joint resolution received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS.
Mr. SHERMAN offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po^t Roads inquire into the exppdiency«of reporting a bill 1
embracing the following propositions : 1. The divition of
the territorial jurisdiction of the United States into postal
districts, each district to be no less thanone.State. 2. The
letting of the eutne postal service, including the delivery of
postal matter, by districts, to the lowest responsible bidders,
to be peifouned on the present post routes, and such as
shall be herealter established, and according to laws now
or hereafter parsed. 3. Reorganization of the Pott Office
Department and th$ foreign mail service to conform tothe
foregoing changes. 4. The entire abolition ot the franking
puvilege.
CONDUCT OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following reso-
lutions, and ask that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures of the Navy Depart-
ment:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy ha«, with the
sanction ot the President, abused his discretionary power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
lor the Government.
Resolved, That t|ie contract made by the Secretary of the
Navy, under date of September 23, 1858. with William 0.
N. SwiH, tor the deltvei) ot live oak timber, was made in
violation of law, and in a manner unutuai, improper, and
mjuiiOiH to the public scivice.
Resolved, That the dLtribution, by the Secretary of the
Navy, of the patronage in the na\y-y.uds among men-beis of
Congress, wa^ dc>truetive of discipline, corrupting in its in-
fluence, and highly injurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the President and Secretary of the Naw,
by receiving and consisting the party relations of biddCTs
for contracts with the United States, and the effect of
awarding contracts upon pending elections have set an
example dangeious to the public safctj, and deserving the
K'proof ot this House
Resolved, That the appointment, by the Secretary of the
Nav>, of Daniel B. Mai tin, chief engineer, as a member oi
a board of engineers to report upon proposals for construct-
in? machinery for the United State*, the said Martin, at the
time, being pecuniarily interested in some of said pioposaJs,
i- heieby cen-ured by tins House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio one question: whether those res-
olutions were not reported upon at the last Con-
gress by a special committee -1
Air. SHERMAN. They were: but on account
of the late period of the session at which they
were reported, there was no vote and no action
upon them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then it will be better that
the reports of that committee, and the evidence,
shall be brought before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
discussion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose to debate the
resolutions, and they must therefore go over.
Mr. SHERMAN! I am perfectly willing that
the report of the committee of the last Congress
shall go to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions must be
referred to the committee. They cannot be dis-
cussed now.
Mr. HOUSTON I desire the fact to go with
the resolutions, that they have been fully investi-
gated by a spccial committee, and have been re-
por-^d upon by that committee both in a majority
and a minority report.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
resolutions will be referred to the Committee on
the Expenditures of the Navy Department.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 object.
Air. BOCOCK. I move that they be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to then
going there.
" The Speaker ordered tellers on Mr. Bocock s
motion, a nd appointed Messrs. Marston and Cos
to act as tellers.
