2774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. WINSLOW. " Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move that
when the House adjourns, it be to meet this even-
ing at seven o'cioclt.
"The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand there is no ob-
jection to having a vote upon the President's pro-
testdirectly, without debate,and that the previous
question will be called. I only want to get it out
of the way; and I hope it will be called up and
disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS. I call for tellers on the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN. I now'call up the resolu-
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary in respect
to the protest of the President.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that that is not the regular order of busi-
ness at this time. The morning hour has not
commenced.
Mr. HICKMAN. It is the regular order of
business for the day; and I call up the resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. This business was set
apart for to-day, to be considered after the morn-
ing hour. It cannot, therefore, come up at this
time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that this is the
report of a committee, and therefore comes up as
the first business in the morning hour.
Mr. PHELPS. Not when it has been set apart
to be considered after the morning hour.
Mr. HICKMAN. It will be remembered that
authority was given the committee to report at
any time. Authority to report carries with it
authority to consider, and in that view of the case
I have the right to call it up, independently of its
being the special order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Thegentleman would have
that authority but for the fact that the House has
decidcd when it shall be considered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is constrained to
say that he does not think the pointis well taken.
The resolution was made the special order for to-
day, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
the right to call it up at any time.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the Speaker allow the
order assigning this business for to-day to be read
from the Journal? The Committee on the Ju-
diciary had the right to report tins matter at any
time. They did report, and their report was set
down for yesterday and to-day, after the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the Journal to which the gentleman refers is not
here. The Cliair decides, however, that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has the right to call up
this business at any time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair; and call for the yeas and
nays on that appeal.
Mr. PHELPS obtained the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to lay that appeal
on the table.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ohio had
not the floor for that purpose. The appeal is
debatable. The question arises upon the con-
struction of a rule of "the House, which piovides
that after the Journal shall have been read, one
hour shall be set apart to considering reports from
committees. The morning hour has not com-
menced until this moment; for the expression
"morning hour" is a technical phrase for refer-
ring to a time set apart for the consideration of
reports from committees; and repeatedly it has
so happened in the history of the House that there
has been no " morning hour" during the day, in
its technical signification. This business was
made the special order for yesterday and to-day,
after the expiration of the morning hour: and it
cannot be considered as a special order until one
hour has been consumed in the calling of com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the read-
ing of that part of the Journal covering this ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Journal is not here.
There is no doubt in regard to the facts.
Mr. HICKMAN. If this matter be not debat-
able, I trust that debate will not be indulged in
while objection is being made on all sides of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
from Missouri has stated that this matter could
not come up until after the expiration of the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has objected to any debate on this side
of the House, and I hope that he will insist on
his objection against debate on the other side.
Mr.' WASHBURN, of Maine. The Missouri
con tested-election case was reported from the
Committee of Elections, and was, of course, legit-
imate business for the morning hour. That busi-
ness has occupied more than one hour; and I hold
that this matter of the report of the Committee^on
the Judiciary on the President's protest is now in
order, if called up.
Mr. HICKMAN. This question is not de-
batable. I object, to debate, whether by gentle-
men on this side or on the other side.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Docs thegentleman from
Pennsylvania propose to debate this resolution ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to do any-
thing in order to have this question disposed of.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then call the previous
question on it.
Mr. IIICKMAN. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I will call for the previous question as
soon as the resolution is read. I want the matter
disposed of; I do not care how.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I suggest that the pre-
vious question be called to-night, with the under-
standing that the vote shall be taken at one o 'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. HICKMAN. I am willing to agree to
that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my demand
for the yeas and nays on the appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, and I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
that the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. In this connection, it is im-
portant for us to see the order of the House
making this resolution a special order. Let vis
see whether the language is that this resolution
shall be made the special order after the morning
hour.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have again and again
raised the point of order that debate is notin order.
I insist on it now. The Chair has decided that
debate is not in order; and when objection is
made, 1 hope the rule will be enforced.
I insist on my point of order, whoever shall
insist on infracting the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of the
order of the House.
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order but the
determination of the motion to lay upon the table
the appeal taken from the decision of the Chair
by thegentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the order of the
House read.
Mr. HICKMAN. I make the point of order
that the gentleman is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not care what the gen-
tleman does. If the Chair says I have no right
to have the order read, I will submit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that it cannot be read, for it is not at the
desk.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit to the Chair; but
I will not submit to the dictation of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not dictate. I call the
gentleman to order, which I have the right to do.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not have the gcntle-
mandictatetome. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
I will not be interrupted by his impertinence.
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. BRANCH. I call both gentlemen to order,
and require that they shall take their seats.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair will say that I
am out of order, I will take my seat.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
record the gentleman speaks of is not here.
Mr. CRAWFORD withdrew his demand for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM withdrew the motion to lay
the appeal from the decision of the Chair upon
the table.
The question was taken, Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask that the Clerk read
the resolution reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That the House dissents from the doctrines of
the special message of the President of the United States
of March 25, 1860 ;
That the extent of power contemplated in the adoption
of tile resolutions of inquiry of March 5, I860, is necessary
to the proper discharge of the constitutional duties devolved
upon Congress;
Thatjudicial determinations, the opinions offoriner Pres-
idents, and uniform usage, sanction its exercise; and
That to abandon it would lep ,c tiie executive depart-
ment of the Government without supervision or responsi-
bility, and would be likely to lead to a concentration of
power in the hands of the President, dangerous to the i ighta
of a free people.
Mr. HICKMAN. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was understood in com-
mittee that I should have an opportunity to move
a substitute for the majority resolution.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 never made any such con-
tract, to my recollection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I never made any such con-
tract. I do not insist on my right to offer the
resolution, if the chairman of the committee object.
Mr. HICKMAN. I insist on my call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question. Let us see who
will cut us off from any opportunity to offer
amendments to the resolution.
Mr. LEAKE asked that the resolution be again
read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LEAKE. I presume that that resolution
comes from the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. LEAKE. Now, that committee is com-
posed, or ought to be, of gentlemen who know
something of law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to this debate. The
previous question has been ordered.
Mr. LEAKE. I want to understand in what
respect it is that the doctrines of the President's
message are not right?
Mr. EINGH AM. I call thegentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. If I have the opportunity, I
give notice that I will offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the first clause of the reso-
lution of the committee:
So far only as they propose investigations into specific
complaints ot" the official acts of any of the agents of the
United Slates.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would like to offer the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the resolution of the
committee. It expresses the views of the minor-
ity of the committee:
1. Rewired, That it is witliin the power of the House to
institute, by such mode of procedure as it shall deem ex-
pedient, an investigation in relation to any alleged abuses
existing in the administration of the Government, with a
view to remedial legislation.
2. That the House is also invested with the power of
making an inquiry as to the facts and circumstances of any
alleged official misconduct 011 the paitof the President,
as pieliminary to the exercise of its power of impeach-
ment; but it is the opinion ofthis House thatsuch inquiry
should be tounded upon a substantive charge or accusation
preferred by a member of the House, or by some pcisnn
whose responsibility shall be vouched for to the House by
one of its members ; and that the ordering of such inquiry
in the absence ot such charge or accusation is in disiegard
of the respect and comity due to the incumbent of the ex-
ecutive office, and in violation of the principles of common
justice.
3. Thntthc first two clauses ofthc fiist resolution of the
seiies of resolutions adopted by the House on tile 5th of
Mai eh last upon motion of Hon. John Covone, a member
ofthis House liom the State ot Pennsylvania, are, because
of their entire want of particularity and specification, justly
subject to the protest against their piopriety contained in
the message of the President, of .March 28, I860.
4. That the second of said sei K-s of le^oltuioitsdiicrtsaii
inquiry which is immaterial, with reference to the snbjecL
of impcachmcnt,and unnecessary foi the purposes oi'legis-
lation or for the protection ot the piivileges ot Congie-s.
That because of its iudefiniteness as to th'-' period ot tune
to which, and as to the persons to whom, the proposed in-
quiry relates, it is liable to be pel verted to partisan ends and
to the puiposes of personal defamation ; and that therctore
the prosecution of said inquiry is deiogatory to the dignity
of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to set up a
claim which I am not sustained in, and therefore
I would like the members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, who are present, to state whether——
