1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
upon the Treasury, with the power of issuing,
reissuing, and never paying, §20,000,000 of paper
currency. In 1858, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury suggested that " some provision should be
made to meet them." In his way, he was then
for an increase of the tariff, and said:
" 1 :un opposed to the policy of adding this amount to
the permanent public debt, by funding the notes. On the
other hutjfi, their entire redemption iit one year would cull
for an increase of the tariff to a point which would render
nccessaiy another revision of it in the succeeding year.
The tiue poiicy i-< to look, in the present revision ot tiie
tauff, to their gradual redemption, commencing with the
next fiscal year. To carry out this pohey, Congress should
provide for the raising oi such amount of revenue as will
enable the Department to redeem a portion of them; and,
at the same time, extend for one year the provision of the
act of December 23, 1857, authorizing the reissue of such
portion of them as the means of the Government will not
enable us to redeem."
While the objection of the Secretary to fund-
ing the notes is about as valid as would be the
refusal of a debtor to settle a running account,
due on demand, by giving a note payable in a
year, for a reason that he was opposed to the pol-
icy of adding such an amount to his permanent
public debt, our true policy is fairly stated—which
was, and is, " to look, in the present revision of
the tariff, to their gradual redemption."
In the report of the Secretary of December 22,
1859, it is merely set forth:
"In the estimated mean* of the Treasury for the present
and next fiscal years, it will be seen that no provision is
made foi the permanent redemption of any portion of the
$3U,UOO,()UO ol Treasury notes. The authority for reissu-
ing these notes will expire on the 3Uth of June next; and
it will, therelore, be necessary for Cuiigiess to extend the
law tor that pinpo.-e for another period.15
Thus the opinions of the honorable Secretary
having undergone a change, a new edict, is issued,
and Congress is expected to proceed and register
it. That these Treasury notes are now fixed as
a part of our permanent debt, with no means pres-
entor future for their redemption, is a simple fact.
Why, then, should they not be permanently pro-
vided for ? It is not creditable to the United States,
every time it wants a little pocket-money, to be
forced to give its notes and beg for discounts, and
when these fall due, to ask for a renewal. Bor-
rowing money to pay borrowed money is only
resorted to by those on the verge of bankruptcy.
These notes are inconvenient and expensive. From
sheereconomy they should be funded. Thereis not
a private hanker in the country that does not bor-
rowmoney upon his own " shmplasters" cheaper
than does the United States. The old United States
bank, with nil its palatial proportions, was demol-
ished, but an irresponsible branch has sprung up
in one wing of the Treasury, which it is the duty
of Democracy to destroy before it gets to be a
full-grown "monster." It is notorious that these
§20,000,000 of notes are kept afloat at a cost, by
way of interest, of one to one and a lialfper cent,
per annum more than would be paid if the debt
could be funded; and the positive loss to the Gov-
ernment is, therefore, from two to three hundred
thousand dollars annuallyHaving already
thrown away about a half million in the last two
years, only "to indulge in the luxury of an idea,
that the Treasury notes were only a temporary
and not a permanent debt, it is time we began to
husband our resources and change the form of
our indebtedness, sc as to impose a lighter burden
upon the people. For this purpose we propose
to authorize a loan of $,*21,000,000, which may be
reimbursed after two years, by giving three
months' notice, or after six years, without notice.
There is no doubt such a loan can be negotiated
at a much cheaper rate of interest than can be
Treasury notes.
The issuance of Treasury notes aggravates an
evil, already great, in swelling the paper currency
so as to make our own the dearest markets of the
world—the place where to sell, and not to buy.
The aggregate debt of the banks, January 1,1859,
was $452,675,0'J6, being an increase in one year
of over one hundred and eleven million dollars,
and greater than it was at the time ol the crash
of 1857. The increase of specie was, to be sure,
$30,000,000; but the increase of deposits was more
than twice that sum. If the banks were called
upon to pay even one half of their deposits, or
one half of their circulation, wo should soon dis-
cover the extent of the inflation. Certainly it is
an evil to which the Government should not con-
tribute. Large importations for another year,
stimulated as they are by the largest amount of
paper currency the country has ever carried, will
be avenged by another monetary crisis.
The next subject of the bill, and the one of par-
amount importance, is that of a revision of the
tariff. It must be owned, in the outset, that, if
the present revenue laws will serve the purposes
of the Government, and are not oppressive in their
operation upon the general interests of the coun-
try, no revision is necessary. I think it is an
easy task to show they are faulty in either view
of the subject. It must be still further conceded
that, unless the changes and modifications we pro-
pose are better, both for the Government and the
people of our country, they have no claims to be
adopted by this House.
The authority of the President, in his message
of a year ago, for a radical revision of the tariff,
was full and explicit, and in his last message he
says his opinions then expressed have undergone
no change. He said;
" It is our tine policy to increase our revenue so as to
equal our expenditures. It would be luinous to continue
to borrow, iieside«, it may be pioper to observe that the
incidental protection thus afforded by a revenue tai id would
at the piesent moment, to some extent, increase the confi-
dence of the manuiacturing interests, and give a tiesl! im-
pulse to our reviving business. To this surely no peison
will object."
When the President said this, I trust he had
authority at least to speak for his friends.
The Sccrctary of the Treasury also, though dif-
fering with the President as to the propriety of
specifics, did not tail to " recommend such changcs
as will produce the amount required for the pub-
lic service." He said:
111 n accordance with the suggestion contained in my last
annual report, 1 recommend that schedules 0, D, I>\ G, II,
be raised, respectively, to twenty-five, twenty, fifteen, ten,
and five per cent. I see no good reason lor having departed,
in the act of lSo7, from the system of decimal divisions.
The present state of tilings affords a ht opportunity of cor-
recting the eiror."
To raise the "additional amount needed," he
advised the selection of " certain articles to be
transferred from lower to higher schedules." In
these changes, besides keeping in view duties for
revenue, he also advised such discriminations as
" will best promote the various interests of our
country without doing injustice to any."
Such are the official statements of those highest
m authority and most secure in the confidence of
the Democratic party, to whom Congress looks
for information touching subjects requiring legis-
lative action. The present tariff is not satisfac-
tory even to the President, and the Secretary has
suggested amendments. Both are apparently will-
ing, within the latitude of a revenue tariff, to make
discriminations that will promote the interests of
the country. Precisely what these discrimina-
tions shall be, and in what mode obtained, the
President and Secretary have not agreed; and, if
they had, it is the constitutional duty of Con-
gress to determine.
In the last annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury there is a faint hope held out that the
receipts will equal the expenditures; but this is
coupled with so many conditions, not likely to
be realized, as to inspire but little faith elsewhere.
The Secretory admits that the estimated balance in
the Treasury. June30,1861, is so small as to leave
no margin for additional appropriations. He ad-
mils, if'the receipts do not come up to his esti-
mates—admits, if the appropriations exceed his
estimates; if additional demands arecreated upon
the Treasury by ihe legislation of the present
Congress; or if Congress should determine to
provide within this period for the paymentof any
portion of the public debt; in any of these con-
tingencies, " provision," he says," must be made
to meet them by such increase of tariff duties as
may be required for that purpose."
1 will not allude to it as a matter of reproach,
for I know that the financiers of the Treasury
have not established a fame for infallibility; but
to show that the estimates of the Secretary must
be taken with some allowance, 1 desire to call the
attention of the House to his estimates for the
year 1859. It will be found that lmnssumed the
receipts from customs would be $69,500,000. This
would have required, according to the proportions
of the previous year, importations to the extent
of $508,090,540. The actual importations were,
however, $338,768,130, and the actual revenue
from customs only $49,585,824—something of a
gap in Treasury estimates; but, fortunately, the
blunder is less fatal to the country than would
have been a realization of the estimate. - ,
Mr. Chairman, there are many claims before
Congress of unquestioned merit. There are some
works of improvement, national in their charac-
ter, loudly demanding attention; and there are all
the contingent expenditures, which cannot be
foreseen, but surely to happen. These are all to be
summarily dismissed, lest we should exceed the
estimates. The liberation of any portion orall of the
public lands as a source of revenue is to bo vetoed,
lest we disappoint the estimates. Last year Con-
gress, thinking an expenditure of $83,751,511 57
was extravagant, made a reduction of twenty-odd
million; and so this year, the Secretaries have
made economy their " particular vanity," they
beat Congress-, and the Navy is to rot, the public
buildings are to stop half way up, and the mail ser-
vice be crippled and put upon crutches, lest " ad-
ditional demands are created upon the Treasury."
They ask for nothing. Mr. Chairman, unless
Congress proposes to wind up the business of
Government, it will still lop off all extravagances
and then " pay the debts and provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare of the United
States."
The Secretary of the Treasury very earnestly
and properly declares " the idea of increasing the
public debt to meet the ordinary expenses of the
Government should not be entertained for a mo-
ment." With such patriotic sentiments, it would
hardly be suspected that the ideacondemned with
so much unction has been practically illustrated
for the past three years by the present Adminis-
tration, as follows:
Balance in the Treasury, July I, 1857 .<'17,710,J It 27
Public debt, as it stood July 1,16o7   29,060,3S6 90
Public debt, as it stood July 1, 1858   *14,910,777 60
Public debt, as it stood June 30, 3 850  53,754,699 33
This shows the public debt has been steadily
increasing to meet ordinary expenses, every year
during the present Administration. The sum total
of this idea, " not to be entertained for a moment,"
will be seen by adding the balance in the Treas-
ury on the 1st July "1857, to our present debt,
deducting the public debt of 1857, or an increase
of $47,404,426 60.
That some revision of the tariff is neccssary, in
order to pay any portion of the public debt, will
be even more apparent when we consider that our
entire public debt falls due between this and 1868,
and all the balance of the public debt contracted
in 1842 falls due in one year from December next.
How is this to be met? Our bill is the answer.
We must pay as we go. Doubtless we ought to
retrace our steps of extravagance; but we cannot
do it all at once. It must be step by step. Im-
portant interests should not be destroyed at a
blow; and the public credit must be preserved.
A revision of the tariff is a necessity. Besides, it
is not fit that the Governmentof the United States
should "go to bed without its supper"every time
the imports of the week fall short a million at the
port of New York. Let the most rigid scrutiny
prevail as to all charges upon the Government;
but their sum total, when ascertained, should be
met by a full and ample supply.
There are certain evils resulting from our present
revenue laws, so distinctly pronounced that the
common sense of the notion demands their cor-
rection. To enable the Government to go on even
m this from-lmnd-to-mouth manner, the people
are crammed with foreign goods, and for every
fourteen or fifteen million of revenue collected at
home they foot a bill of one hundred million
abroad. Non-discrimination and positive dis-
crimination against our own people have produced
overtrading to a larger amount and for a more
protracted period than any in the annals of our
Government. In ten years our foreign imports
have more than doubled. (T ide Appendix B.) In
1849 they were $147,851,439. and in 1859, as poor
as we were, they reached $338,765,130. (Fi'i/e
Appendix G.) Our exports to Great Britain for
the last year exceed our imports about fifty million,
($49,201,432;) but this, to a considerable extent,
is applied to the payment of interest on our largo
foreign debt, now supposed to be over five hun-
dred million dollars, which we have recklessly
contracted for railroad iron and Manchester and
Glasgow goods. Unfortunately, itmustbe added
! I that this was not sent in corn or flour, nor in cotton
