390
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong. .. .ISt Sess.
Democracy alias Slavery—Mr. McKean.
Ho. of Reps.
can make Democracy or Republicanism possible
for a day. Our theory has no inherent vitality
which makes it practical in Asia or South Amer-
ica. It is the character of our people which sup-
ports our form of Government. Destroy that
character, or dilute it until it has lost its savor,
and the nation will decline and fall as have those
in other times. Under the maxims of Democratic
teachers, leading astray to the worship of false
gods, the standard of public virtue even now
ranges none too high. It is not necessary to point
out the fatal defects in the character of Cubans or
Mexicans, to show their utter unfitness as asso-
ciates upon a footing of equality in the Union.
The sudden melting of all the accumulated ice of
the arctic regions would not more certainly dis-
turb the equilibrium of the poles than would the
admission of the hybrid races of Central America,
Cuba, and Mexico, disturb the harmonious and
regular action of our Government. However we
rhetorically gravitate toward these nations, there
is and can be no assimilation of character. To
accept them as equals would be a concession,
dragging after it our own degradation; or a co-
partnership, where the new partners contribute
weakness, ignorance, and superstition. They
might indeed afford places of refuge for disap-
pointed ambition—the rejected culls of a political
campaign—but it would hardly be beneficent in a
hot climate to introduce a new race of vermin.
In these countries, individuals may be found of
rare virtues and rare accomplishments; but the
mass are untrained by education, and disqualified
by habits and prejudices for the adoption of Amer-
ican ideas and the American forms of government.
We already have New Mexico and Utah on our
hands. Does any one think it would be sound
policy to make these Territories the peers of Ten-
nessee and Kentucky, or of Pennsylvania and
Ohio? Whatever we may do with these—and I
would treat them fairly, for we took them against
their will—let us have no more territory to hold
in pupilage or by chastisement. It will require
all the wisdom our country will be likely to send
to Congress to manage our present possessions.
If there is any superabundant statesmanship in
any section, let it first solve our own domestic
problems, before it seeks new worlds to conquer.
The true elements of greatness, strength, wealth,
and glory, do not arise alone from vastness. An
in<?ot of gold would contain no more intrinsic
value, though it should bespread over the vaulted
sky. The Government of the United States will
not occupy a more enduring place in history by
that species of aggrandizement which brihgsonly
numbers and extent. Certainly no honor can be
acquired under any pretext, by which the spoli-
ation of weaker neighbors shall be accomplished.
Extension of territory weakens patriotic sen-
timents. National boundaries become indistinct
and confused. They do not comprehend histori-
cal objects, loved and revered by all, but novel-
ties which beguile for the day. Every accession
makes us love the Union less, and sections more.
The idea that the South require any more ter-
ritory for legitimate purposes is excluded by the
very general desire manifested there for the re-
opening of the African slave trade. This proves
they have already more land than they can stock
with slave labor, not less than it proves a desire
to avoid the expense of rearing such stock from
childhood. That there is a South-side view of
this great question is clear from the exultant tone
of Senator Hammond, as exhibted in his speech
of March 4, 1858:
,! If we never acquire another font of territory for the
South, look at her—eighth until ed and fifty thousand square
inilec. As large ui Great Britain, France, Austria, Piussia,
arid Spain. Is not that territory enough to make an empire
that shall rule the world.'" ]
Whatever may be done in the future, he even J
proclaims the extent of the subjection of the North j
in the past, and says: j
u That vyc. the slaveholders of the South, took our coun- !
liy in her ini.tney : and after rultn" her for sixty out of sov- >
entv years of her ex-istenee, ive shall surrender her to you •
without a stain upon her honoi,'3 &e. j
This ruling, it is to be marked, is claimed in i
behalf of the "slaveholders of the South" only, and j
it is to be confessed that the claim is not ground- !
less. Look at the facts: i
^ Since the organization of the Government, the I
bouth, with only about one third <if the entire pop- !
ulation, has had 80 out of 134 foreign ministers;
17 out of 28 judges of the Supreme Court; 14 out
of the 13 Attorneys General; 22 out of 36 Speakers
of the House; 61 out of 77 Presidents of the Sen-
ate; and there have been eighteen elections for
President, in which twelve of the candidates chosen
were slaveholders, and only six of them northern
men; and ofthesesix,it must be added, four stood
upon a southern platform.
The North does not propose to go out of the
Union for such facts as these; but when we are
taunted with the history, and a great party pro-
claims a policy which is to insure a repetition of
the same thing for the next seventy years, we do
propose to vote it down. It would be an impeach-
ment of our manhood to do less.
Teriitorial expansion is to be deplored, on the
ground that it can only be accomplished by the
sacrifice of the purity and simplicity which marked
our character in all our earlier history.
The Louisiana purchase, as well asthatof Flor-
ida, fell to our lot naturally, were unattended by
any costly outlay in the extension of our juris-
diction, and did not embarrass our positions of
defense. But some of the later accessions of ter-
ritory, magnificent as they are in proportions,
have really diminished our strength, ana have so
inflated our ideas of grandeur, so raised the scale
of national expenditure, that we have grown to
slight all economy, and deride the early manners
of the Republic. The statesmanship of Fianklin
and Jeffeison is as much out of fashion as would
be their coats. The sapient cry of" this is a great
country," gives license to ceaseless waste. It is
too evident we cannot turn from this regal road
of extravagance, while the delusive thirst for ex-
pansion is encouraged.
Prior to late acquisitions, (or 1844,) our civil
list seldom exceeded two million dollars annually.
Now, it is over seven and a half million dollars.
Then, our foreign intercourse was carried on for
about half a million dollars. Now, its ordinary
level is double that sum. Then, the cost of our
judiciary was not much over a half million dollars.
Now, it is aplump million, with brilliant increas-
ing prospects. Then, the expense of our military
servicc was not far from five million dollars. It
now reaches over nineteen million dollars, or as
much as in any year of the last war with Great
Britain. Our nauaiestablishment, which then cost
about six million dollars, is not now content with
over twelve million dellars. Our miscellaneous
expenditures, that were from two to three million
dollars, are now eighteen to nineteen million dol-
lars. The Indian department then cost about one
million ami a half dollars,.but it has now swelled
to over four million dollars. The Post Office, then
self-supporting, now hangs upon the Treasury
with a weight of millions of dollars per annum.
Salaries of officers have been largely increased,
and the pay of members of Congress has been
' doubled. Then, we were nearly out of debt; and
now, we have a national debt of $GO,000,000, daily
increasing.
This new era of extravagance, engendering cor-
ruption in all the machinery of our Government,
is the natural sequence of territorial expansion.
Services are paid for, notaccording to their value,
but in proportion to the size and means of the
nation. Purchases are made, not because the
Government wishes to buy, but because some
greedy or needy Democrat wishes to sell. Un-
scrupulous acquisition is the vice of the nation,
and the example is too illustrious not to be copied
by individuals. The Democratic party, giddy in
this national debauchery, panders to this appe-
tite, and is wholly unmindful of the future cost to
the integrity of our country. Economy, and all
those cardinal virtues essential to the success of
our form of Government, are cast away, as use-
i less incumbrances on the grand march of expan-
1 sion and absorption.
It is not for the pecuniary interests of the South
that slavery should be extended and the culture
of cotton increased. If
" Mammon, the least erected spirit that fell
From lieaven,"
is alone to be worshiped, the tables of commerce
and navigation will show that a large cotton crop
yields less money than a smaller one. A little
excess now largely diminishes the price. A per-
manent increase of the supply wouldundoubtedly
bring a permanent reduction in price. More com-
petition would be disastrous.
The position of the Republican patty as to the
non-extension of slavery will not be changed or '
abandoned. It is the only policy worthy of a
great people. It will inflict .no injustice upon the
South—far from it. The South will ever retain
all the power and influence to which it is entitled,
and most likely far more, but it will not be able
to propagate the doctrine that slavery is a bless-
ing. That must remain a local dogma, and not
an eternal truth. There is such preponderance
of national sentiment against slavery extension,
that no time can change it, no party reverse it,
no circumstances lessen its weight. Whether sla-
very extension is longer possible with the aid of
our Union, is a question now being brought to the
test, and depending upon the supremacy of the
Democratic fiarty; but with the Union destroyed
arid broken into angry fragments, by secession
or otherwise, that question at least is answered
forever. It is not possible.
If there is any force in the argument thus far,
Union and Liberty is possible, and they will
never be disjoined. It is also apparent that in the
Democratic party will be found the only consid-
erable enemies of either, and this party it is the
duty of all friends of constitutional liberty to de-
throne and disperse.
I think I have also shown that the discussion
of slavery can never cease while it maintains ail
aggressive attitude. It cannot obtain charity by
reviling freedom, and will continue to be ranked
as an evil so long as Christianity endures or De-
mocracy claims anything beyond its name.
The acquisition of foreign territory—nowhere
peacefully to be obtained—cannot be prosecuted
without defilement of our national honor. It is,
moreover, that forbidden fruit, sweet to the taste,
but bitter in the belly, which is sure to demoral-
ize and disrupt the Republic.
The extent of our present Territories, though
large, will no more than suffice for the wants of
the free white men of the country, including the
sons of the Cavaliers as well as the sons of the
Puritans. The field of the South, if not equal to
its ambition, is even now broader than it can hope
to successfully hold or profitably cultivate; but
the northern hive, busy at home, can yet spare
an annual swarm to swell the hum of industry
over a broader theater. The future carecr, pros-
perity,and moral grandeur of our country depend
upon placing its destinies permanently in the
hands and hearts of those who have faith in the
principles of the revolutionary fathers of the
Republic.
DEMOCRACY alias SLAVERY.
CH OP HON. JAMES B. McKEAN,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1860.
Tile House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. McKEAN said:
Mr. Chairman: "The South rules supreme in
the councils of the Democracy." So said a south-
ern Opposition member of the last Congress.
And he gave it as his reason for uniting with the
Democratic party. How true the statement, and
what a spectacle has that party exhibited to the
world because of such southern supremacy. How
changeable, and yet steadily sectional has been
the policy of the South. Look at it, sir. When
the southern rulers of the Democracy coveted
Missouri for a slave State, they said it was con-
stitutional for Congress to prohibit slavery in the
Territories. When they coveted Kansas for the
same purpose, they said" it was unconstitutional
for Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territo-
ries. When they considered themselves strong
enough forcibly to plant slavery in free soil, they
said, " Leave the question to the settlers." When
the settlers plucked up slavery by the roots, they
said that that was unconstitutional, and that Con-
gress must protect slavery in the Territories.
When they meant to violate the compromise of
1820, they said it had been virtually repealed by
that of 1850, inasmuch as the latter neither estab-
lished nor prohibited slavery in New Mexico;
