2776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr, MORRIS, of Illinois said: Mr. Speaker,
I voted for the Covode resolution. Since its pas-
sage, the President has sent a message to the
House of Representatives, in which he denies I
had any constitutional or moral right to give that
vote. An issue is thus made between us. He
asks me to recede from my position, stultify my-
self, acknowledge I voted m violation of my oath,
and that he has a right to rebuke me for it. Sir,
I never can yield to his demand, and I never will,
nor has he any power to make me do it. The
record I have made shall stand without a blot or
blur upon it, because it is right. I will not at
hi3 behest do that which I would regard as a
sacrifice of self-respect and honor. I shall always
be ready to vote for any proposition having for
its object the widest range of investigation into
the corruptions and frauds of this or any other
Administration, and no captious or technical ob-
jections shall prevent me from doing it. I there-
fore vote for the resolution.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Rice was
paired off.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said: Without con-
curring in all the doctrines or positions of the
special message, I must, nevertheless, vote against
the resolutions as a whole. I vote " no."
Mr. BRANCH. With the amendment of Mr.
Millson, I would have voted for these resolu-
tions. As they stand, I vote " no."
Mr. JONES. In the vote f am about to cast I
do not wish to be understood as subscribing to
all the doctrines of the President's special mes-
sage. This resolution is objectionable in several
particulars. I am compelled to vote for or against
it as a whole; and therefore shall vote " no." I
was in hopes we should have been allowed a vote
on the various amendments. I vote " no."
Mr. HOWARD, of Ohio. As the gentleman
from North Carolina said, if these resolutions had
been amended as he stated, I would have voted
for them. I cannot agree fully with the special
message of the President; but as the resolution
now stands, I vote " no."
Mr.HARRIS, of Virginia, said: Mr. Speaker,
I believe " it is within the power of the House to
institute, by such mode of procedure as it shall
deem expedient, an investigation in relation to
any alleged abuses existing in the administration
of the Government, with a view to remedial legis-
lation;" but on this resolution 1 vote "no."
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to be indulged for the
purpose of saying that I consider that protest a
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
and a usurpation upon the part of the President.
Mr. SICKLES. I call the gentleman to order.
I object to debate.
Mr. JUNKIN. I stated a moment ago that I
had paired off with the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. BorELER.] As I then stated, I did not know
how Mr. Boteler would vote on this question.
I have some reason to believe, on consultation
with the gentleman's friends, that he would have
voted for these resolutions; and as it is a mere
expression of opinion on the part of the House,
and does not amount to legislation, I will vote. I
vote " ay."
Mr. ASHMORE stated that ho was not within
the bar of when his name was called. If he had
been, he should have, for reasons satisfactory to
himself, voted "no."
Mr. WALTON stated that lie was paired with
the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Cobb,on this
question." If he had voted, lie would have voted
"ay." .
Mr. FARNSWORTH stated that he was paired
with Mr. Simms; otherwise, he should have voted
" ay."
On motion, the reading of the names was dis-
pensed with.
The result was announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. HICKMAN moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADRAIN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. Will the gentleman give way
one single moment?
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
■withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. ADRAIN. I will give way for a moment
to the gentleman from Maryland, who wants to
make an announcement.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish simply to call the at-
tention of the House to the fact that to-morrow is
set aside for the transaction of District business.
It is the only day that has been assigned for that
business, and I trust that nothing will be per-
mitted to interfere with it. I desire, beyond that,
to say that a very important measure will be
brought up to-morrow on the subject of a railroad
in the District. The reports and bills are printed,
and I hope that gentlemen will send for them and
put themselves in possession of the facts before
they are called upon to vote.
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. ADRAIN. I understand that the gentle-
man from Alabama wishes to make a personal
explanation, and I give way to him a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to withdraw from
further service on the Committee on the Judiciary.
After what has occurred in the presence of the
House to-day, it certainly cannot be a matter of
surprise to any member of this body that I should
make such a request. I stated, when I proposed
an amendment, what I understood to be the fact,
and which I supposed would be remembered by
the members of the committee. I was astonished,
Mr. Speaker, to hear the chairman of that com-
mittee say he had no recollection of such under-
standing. And now, without attempting to restate
my recollection, or to raise an issue of veracity be-
tween any member of the Jud iciary Com mi ttee and
myself, 1 suppose I may bepermitted to say that my
mind is perfectly clear on the subject. My friend
from Louisiana [Mr, Taylor] and myself, who
were compelled, under the circumstances existing
at the time, to draw our report in very great haste,
consulted together as to the resolutions we should
present; and it was understood between us, that
if the committee required a resolution to be then
proposed, we had one which we would propose;
but if the committee should give us time, we
would prepare resolutions more in detail. My
conviction is clear, and I have no hesitation in
saying so, that the matter was called up by my-
self in committee, and that the committee granted
us time to prepare the resolutions, or did not deny
such request. Such is my understanding of it;
and I am sustained in it by the remarks of the
gentleman from Louisiana, and I understand I
would be further sustained if another member of
the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Kellogg, of Illi-
nois] had been allowed to make his statement.
If,however, I am mistaken, still,a courtesy winch
I presume has seldom, if ever, been violated,
would have permitted the minority of the com-
mittee to bring forward their proposition—a prop-
osition which they and their friends might be will-
ing to support by their votes. It does seem to
me most extraordinary that such courtesy has
been denied in this case. Leaving out of view,
then , any misunderstanding that mighthave been
had in committee; supposing, if you will, that we
are mistaken; still, I claim that the minority of the
committee had the right to expect to be treated
with that degree of courtesy which minorities of
committees usually receive from majorities.
And, Mr. Speaker, especially might t have so
considered, in a case of this character, involving
principles of such great magnitude—principles
which ought to command the gravest considera-
tion of Congress. On a question of such great
importance, the minority of the committee have
been denied the privilege of presenting their views
in the shape of resolutions.
Now, without attempting to arraign any other
member of the committee, 1 have only to add that
it cannot bo expected that I could serve longer on
a committee where, m either view of the case, the
minority have not been treated, as I believe, with
the proper degree of courtesy. I ask, therefore,
to be excused from serving on it.
Mr. ADRAIN. I renew my motion to adjourn.
Mr. HICKMAN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw the motion for me. [Cries of " Ques-
tion !"]
Mr. ADRAIN. I yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to reply to the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I have a right to
withdraw from the committee; and I therefore
resign my place, and withdraw from it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it must
be by the consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a right to withdraw.
The SPEAK ER. In the opinion of the Chair,
no member can withdraw from a committee with-
out the consent of the House, unless he is at the
same time a member of two other committees.
Mr.'1AYLOR. With the permission of the
Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I beg leave
now to move that I may be excused from further
service on the Judiciary Committee. In making
that motion, I beg to say to the House and to the
committee, that I make no question as to the rec-
ollection of others. I am aware of the infirmi-
ties of memory, and know well that in regard to
the same subject-matter persons who were pres-
ent and had the most earnest desire of recollecting
with precision, may well differ as to what trans-
pired.
Mr GROW. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Lou-
isiana has the permission of the House to make
an explanation.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order, and I
have a right to rise to it at any time. My point
of order is, that while a proposition is pending to
excuse the gentleman from Alabama, another
gentleman cannot ask to be excused.
Mr. KUNKEL. The gentleman is mistaken.
The House may excuse two gentlemen as well
as one, by the same vote; and the motion is de-
batable.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, or twenty.
Mr. SICKLES. Is the question on excusing
debatable? If so, the gentleman from Louisiana
can address the House on the subject.
Mr. TAYLOR. I should have moved to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama; but
before attempting to say anything at all, I asked
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to give
place to me, as it seemed that he desired to say
something to the House, and I thought it as well,
perhaps, that he should say what he had to say
after 1 had submitted my motion.
Mr. GROW. I do not understand how the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama, who
asks to be excused, can be amended. Let us dis-
pose of one thing at a time.
The SPEAKER. There can be no question
that the request of the gentleman from Alabama
must be first disposed of.
Mr. WINSLOW. At all events, the gentle-
man from Louisiana has a right to debate it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my motion; and
the gentleman from Louisiana can include us both
in the one motion.
Mr. TAYLOR. I presume I should have long
since completed whatl desire to say, if the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania [Mr. Gkow] had not in-
terposed his question of order. I will now, with
the permission of the House, state what I intended
to say. I raised no question with other members
of the committee as to their recollection. I did
not mean to assert that those who differed from
me were not as sincere in their convictions as I
was myself. But apart from what was the un-
derstanding had in committee, I say that, as a mi-
nority of that committee, we had a right to that
courtesy which, so far as my knowledge goes,is
universally extended by majorities of committees
to minorities, and should have been permitted to
present our views in the shape of an amendment
to their resolution. Under these circumstances I
appealed to the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and expressly stated that I had no issue
to make on the subject of the faithfulness or un-
faithfulness of any one's recollection: that I put it
it on the ground of courtesy—of that courtesy
which has heretofore always been extended, and
to which we were fairly entitled, and which it
was still within the power of the chairman to ex-
tend to us. This courtesy was not extended to
us.
I therefore feel it due to myself—my sense of
self-respect compels me—to ask of this House that
] may be excused from further service on the Ju-
diciary Committee; and I therefore move that my
colleague from Alabama and myself be now ex-
cused. [Voices from the Republican benches,
"Division of the question."]
Mr. HICKMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will state
here that this matter which has just been dis-
posed of by a vote of the House—the protest of
the President—has never excited any feeling in
