1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
or fobaccpi much less any "Yankee notions;" but
it!was paid iri solid cash from the Mint. The coin
andfrallion exported, deducting all imports, for
18§9,;was $57,517,708, or as much as the whole
yearly product of the country! With all our
industry and acuteness, we have been unable to
hold on to the gold (fog out so prsfusely on the
Facific coast; Our sweat in that quarter does not
' lard tire lean earth' here. The mines of Cali-
fornia, our mints and assay offices, are all sub-
servient to the British empire, and are worked
arid "kept in: motion for their exclusive benefit.
Not for one year only, but for nine years past,
the excess' of our exports of coin and bullion
averages $40,069,875 annually.'
There rhust be something radically wrong in a
system which produces these results.
" There is a transcendental philosophy of free
trade, with devotees as ardent as any of those
who preach the millennium, and who will be fit
legislators for that period, but not till then, which
calls for a passing notice. It is the poetry of legis-
lation—a sunlit theory, rejected is practice by
every civilized nation on the globe. "While we
support the Government entirely by duties levied
upon importations of foreign goods—and no one
proposes to do it otherwise—it is difficult to under-
stand what gentlemen mean when they talk of
free trade. CJntil this mode of taxation is abol-
ished, free trade is not possible. All the litera-
ture or logic on this subject, therefore, when ap-
plied to us, is impertinent. If all nations were
equally wise, strong, wealthy, and in exactly
equal circumstances, then free trade would be
just and proper. But it would be oppression to
force a less fortunate nation into such a race.
Free trade involves the absurd assumption that
new rivals can successfully competc with those
who have already reached the highest proficiency
in any art or manufacture. But give a vigorous
people, alive to every new scientific discovery,
with plenty of capital and coal, the start in man-
ufactures, and they will hold it in any open mar-
ket to the end of time. The wall of earth in front
of the assailing armies before Sebastopol was no
more essential to their security, than are laws
awarding the home market to the existence of
manufactures " yet in the gristle, and not hard-
ened into the bone of manhood." The President
of the French Legislative Corps, in a speech on
the late commercial treaty, fairly states the whole
question. "Free trade may," says he, " it ap-
pears to me,be considered as the object to which
society is tending, but protection ought to be the
means of arriving at it." *
The stale argument of free trade is: " Buy
where you can buy cheapest." As a simple
proposition it is right. The fallacy is hidden,
because itdoes not disclose the fact that you buy
cheapest where you can pay easiest. Suppose
a farmer to pay a dollar for a scythe, and to do
it with one bushel of corn: it does not cheapen
the article to show him where to buy it for fifty
cents, when he will have to part with the same
bushel of corn, or even two bushels, to get the
fifty cents. Free trade abjures patriotism and
boasts of cosmopolitism. It regards the labor of
our own people with no more favor than that of
the barbarian on the Danube or the cooly on the
Ganges.
The policy of England is often referred to as an
exemplification of free trade. It is true that she
is able now to carry her various manufactures,
and does carry them, to almost every port in the
world, proving that she requires very little or no
protection; and it is equally true that the history
of her tariffs shows that she only reached the
power to cover a field so immense by early pro-
tection,held withafirm grasp,and released stage
by stage, as each branch of her industry has ap-
proximated to perfection. I will publish a table
which will exhibit these facts. But in this very pro-
cess of education, a comparison of ourown tariff's
of 1824, 1828, 1839, 1842, 1846, and 1857, will
show that we have made more rapid strides in
cheapening manufactures, and therefore lessening
the necessity of incidental protection, than ever
England made herself in any equal period of time.
Having more than two centuries the start in their
industrial enterprises—for while we were her col-
onies she objected to our making even wool hats
or hob-nails—we are now not more than fifteen
years in her rear. The British tariff existing in
1842, with the difference of circumstances, was
more discriminating, and afforded more incidental
protection, than what we ask for America now.
The pupil will soon overtake his mistress. (Vide
Appendix H.)
With not much more of population than our
own at the present time, the taxation of Great
Britain is five times greater, or <£87,000,000, to
our'seventy or eighty million dollars. If she
raised the whole of her §400,000,000 annual ex-
penditure in the shape of duties upon foreign goods,
jt would annihilate her commerce, and the "nation
of shopkeepers" would be shut up within their
own snores. Commercial, not less than naval
supremacy, is an object of ambition. Half as
much foreign as there is of American tonnage is
now engaged in our carrying trade. It is not
enough that we pay England from one hundred
and thirty to one hundred and fifty million dollars
for the products of her mines, shops, and factories,
but she must do the freighting, and then calls us
"shabby" because we do not permit her to do
our coasting trade also. The total trade of Eng-
land with France is not one half of that with us,
and the chief portion of this consists of raw ma-
terials, less than one million sterling being in
manufactured goods. Now, what is the great
boon obtained, so loudly proclaimed by England,
in the late treaty with France? Only this: France
engages to reduce the duties on coal, coke, iron,
steel, tools,and machinery, during the year 1860;
in yarns and goods in flax and hemp, June 1,
1861; and on a certain list to remove the present
prohibition so that no duty shall exceed thirty
per cent., October 1, 1861; and after three years
the maximum duty on this list is not to exceed
twenty-five per cent. This is called " the great
engagement" of France ! To enable her manu-
facturers to meet even this reduction, the Govern-
ment proposes to loan them 40,000,000francs to aid
in the purchase of new machinery. Twenty-five
per cent, three years hence ! Even the average
rate upon our dutiable goods alone, after admit-
ting $80,000,000 fiee,fci' the past year, was only
nineteen and one tenth per cent. The French and
English treaty merely shows that England can
beat France m the trade of jack-knives, and is
willing to risk beer against wine.
It is not strange that England seeks freedom of
trade. Her people must sell their labor abroad,
or go abroad themselves. They must sell or em-
igrate. The condition of remaining at home is,
that they secure a market elsewhere. They are
the universal tradesmen of the world, and would
tear down all barriers to their free ingress and
egress. They " buy of the stranger the skin of
the fox for a groat, and sell him the tail for a shil-
ling." It is the ruling idea of her statesmen to
give their people employment. Mr. Gladstone,
in his late masterly speech, pointedly said: " if
you want to do them [the people] the maximum
of good, you must operate upon trade, which will
give them the maximum of employment." Free
trade would let other people find employment at
the expense of our own.
Mr. Chairman, part of the expenses of the war
with America, as laid before the British Parlia-
ment, were for "five gross of scalping-knives."
We could endure malice, but how shall we resist
unrestricted commercial love ? The most insidi-
ous scalping-kmves wo have to encounter are
British free trade and British reciprocity. Great
Britain, happy in her position and the absolute
supremacy of her trade, can carry weight and chal-
lenge a race with the strongest Power in Europe.
It is too much to ask that we, whose years and
training have not yet fitted us for the contest, shall
proffer equal terms. As well match a colt against
an acknowledged champion of the turf.
It should bo noted that the colonial dependen-
cies of Great Britain are all provided with tariffs
adapted to their circumstances, and differing from
each other even as the tariffs for Scotland and Ire-
land have differed until very recently. Why docs
not England apply her free-trade cathoiicon to
India, Australia, Jamaica, and the Canadas?
In adjusting the details of a tariff, I would treat
agriculture,manufactures,mining,and commerce,
as I would our whole people—as members of one
family, all entitled to equal favor, and no one to
be made the beast of burden to carry the packs of
others. The precise point at which to adjust the
weight of taxation so as hi do no injustice, is at ]
all times difficult to determine, and especially so
when all branches of industry are unusually de-
pressed, as is the fact at the present time. If
mining yields buta small return, agriculture yields
no more. If factories can be purchased at half
price, so can ships.
The great vice of our system has been, that we
make business legislation subservient to party
success. We need stability, and get ceaseless
change. The French merchants did not mean free
trade when they said, " let us alone," but a pro-
test against instability.
The principles upon which the present tariff
bill are founded do not necessarily raise the ques-
tion of protection per se. Our manufacturers have
made such advances that a revenue tariff, with
proper discriminations, will be found, in most in-
stances, all that may be lequired for a fair share
of prosperity. No prohibitory duties have been
aimed at; but to place our people upon a level of
fair competition with the rest of the world, is
thought to be no more than reasonable Most of
the highest duties fixed upon, have been so fixed
more with a view to revenue than protection.
This applies to high-priced glass and China-ware,
wool cloths, silks, and linens, especially. These
will be imported under any system, and they are
consumed by those who are most wealthy, and
who ought to contribute most liberally to the sup-
port of Government. To compensate for this,
wherever it has been practicable, all medium or
low-priced articles, as those enumerated, and cot-
tons, crockery, and glass, have lower rates of
duty attached. The objection has been that the
cheap shirt and the inferior coat paid the same
duty as the superfine article; but this is here re-
moved. It is possible that the manufacture of
broadcloths, of which we now make none, and
some other articles, may spring into life under
the provisions of this bill; but if they should, it
will be some time ere they will dimmish the con-
sumption of the foreign article, and when they do,
it will be cause for gratulation.
Our mineral wealth is unsurpassed in extent.
Our coal fields have an extent of one hundred and
ninety-six thousand square miles, and all Europe
contains but eighty thousand five hundred and fifty-
four square miles, though ourfields produced only
nine million tons to sixty-eight million tons pro-
duced last year by Great Britain alone. In iron,
steel, copper, lead, zinc, and quicksilver, we
ought to supply the world, and ourselves at least.
Yet our importations of each are upon a scale of
great magnitude. Nothing would more contribute
to our real independence than to beuome self-re-
liant upon our own country for metals; and they
have, therefore, been treated liberally. But it
will be seen that the specific rates, even upon iron,
are only equivalents for the tariff of 184G, on the
average values of the last six years, or a change
of form rather than of substance. (Vide Appendix
D and F.) The policy of developing mineral
wealth is illustrated by the fact that ore, dug out
in New Jersey, and without value in the mines,
is converted into material worth §>3.000 per ton.
It is extremely venturesome to make predictions
as to the future operations of laws concerning com-
merce. Slight causes produce a variation in the
current, as a pebble thrown into the Atlantic is said
to send a wave to the opposite shore. It is to be
expected that the bill we propose would slightly
check the consumption of some articles, and in-
crease the consumption of others. If we purchase
less of extravagances we shall be able, however,
to pay for a larger amount of the more bulky ne-
cessities of life. The revenue will obtain ample
compensation for any loss of imports by the spe-
cific duties which will arrest some, at least, of the
fugitives that have so long escaped through sys-
tematic undervaluations. After a most patient ex-
amination, I feel confidenttlie importations under
this bill would produce sixty million of revenue
and not more. Our resources from the public
lands cannot now be considered reliable; so that
we should have, if our annual expenditures did
not much exceed fifty million, four million to
pay the interest on our public debt, and about six
million to devote to its extinguishment. Pursu-
ing this policy, in the course of ten years we
might hope to pay off the entire public debt,
which has so recently appeared.
In the earlier part of the bill, the articles upon
which specific duties are proposed will be found
