812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
it bjr what name they please. I ask for informa-
tion in regard to the removals, appointments,and
defalcations of public officials.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BANKING HOUSES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also offered the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the- Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into arid repoit to this House by what
authority the seveial banking houses and certain insurance
companies ace engaged in a banking and brokerrfge busi-
ness in the Distuctof Columbia; and whether any addi-
tional law is necessary tor their reguiationor suppression.
ABOLITION OF ARMORIES AND NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, also offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rciolvcd, That a select committee of five be appointed
to inquire into and report to the House, whether, in then-
opinion, it will be proper to abolish the armories and navy-
yards of the United States, subject to pioper safeguards and
restrictions., and leave the constiuction and rcpau of our
vessels and tho manufacture of cannon, fire-arms, and other
instruments or weapons of defense, to private enterprise.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it refers to navy-yards,
I move that it be referred to the Committee 011
Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Mr. FLORENCE. In my judgment, th e res-
olution has nothing to do with that committcc. I
think it had better go to the Committcc on Naval
Affairs. That is the natural direction of the res-
olution. It should go there, if it goes anywhere.
The resolution contemplates two purposes. I
propose a division of the question. Lot the matter
of the abolition of the armories go to the Com-
• raittee 011 Military Affairs, and that of the aboli-
tion of the navy-yards to the Committee on Naval
Affaiis.
Mr. CURTIS. It refeis to armories; and I
trust it will be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the question will be
divided. Let as much of it as refers to the abo-
lition of navy-yards be referred to the Committee
011 Naval Affairs, and as much of it as refers to
the abolition of armories be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The resolution was so referred.
COLONEL WILLIAM GATES.
Mr. FARNSWORTPT introduced a bill to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Colonel William Gates; which was
road a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
JOHN DIXON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH also introduced a bill j
granting a hind warrant of one hundred and sixtv j
aeres of land to John Qixon, of Dixon's Ferry,
Illinois; which was read a first and second time.' I
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved us reference to 1
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOVEJOY". It should be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, let it take that
reference. I am not particular.
The bill was referred to tile Committee on Pub-
lie Lands.
IIARBOJl AT CHICAGO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH also introduced a bill
making an appropriation to protect and repair the
harbor at Chicago, Illinois: which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. FARNSWORTH also introduced abill to
providt| for the transforation of the mails and all I
other t,overran:* service, by railroad, from the
Atlantic States to the Pacific; which was read a '
first ana second time. j
I Mr FARNSWORTH. J would like to have !
the bill referred to a selectcoramittee. 1 was not ;
in the House yesterday; but I understand that the I
subject was presented to the House, and that it I
was determined by the Chair that a motion tore- 1
fer a bill of this kind to a select committee was m i
order. I
Mr. CURTIS. I move that it be referred to j
the Committee on Military Affairs. That is the 1
direction which was given to the other bills on the
same subject, introduced yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it is not to be re-
ferred to a select committee, I prefer its reference
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, as it contemplates providing for carrying
the mails.
The bill was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ANNEXATION OF TIIE BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the following
resolution; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of setting on foot
measures for acquiring the panadas, and all the other ter-
ritoiy known as British Noith America, and that they re-
port by bil^or otherwise.
PROGRESS OF THE USEFUL ARTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, introduced a bill
m addition to " An act to promote the progress of
the useful arts;" which was read a first and second
time, and refeired to the Committee on Patents.
DEFALCATIONS IX ILLINOIS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, submitted the
following resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
° y
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to mlorm thib House whether or not there be any defalca-
tion of the collectors of customs in the State of Illinois in
the payment over of Government moneys by them col-
lected, and if &o, to state the names ot &ueh officers, and
the amount of such defalcation.
JOSEPH "ST. HILTON.
Mr. FOUKE introduced a bill for the relief of
Joseph W. Hilton; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
IMPROVEMENT OP HARBORS AND RIVERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill making appropriations for the improvement of
certain harbors and rivers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BIL'L.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also intro-
duced a bill further to provide for the safety of
passengers in vessels propelled m whole or in part 1
by steam; which was read a first and second time, i
and referred to the Committee oil Commerce. ' '
REPRESENTATIVES OF D. G. BATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, also intro- ,
duced a bill for the relief of the legal reprcsenta- !
Uves of Davsd G. Bates; which was read a first I
and second j me, and leferred to the Committee !
of Claims. j
DUTY ON LEAD. !.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted the :
following resolution: which was read, considered, 1
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wav< and Means ho
insrtiuotcd to mquneinto the expediency of inputting a bill 1
imposing a dut} on lead of tluee cents per pound
RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP. !'
Mr. McCLERNAND submitted the follow- j;
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to: j.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Juchciaty be- di- h
rected toinqune if anvand what further lojri-lauon by Con- I'
gress may be proper to define what act* thai! or shall not 'i
woik oxpatuanou or seveuuice ot allegiance ot citizens or |i
the United States ; andalso whether provis-ion bv- lawou^ht i:
to bo made for reinvesting with cit'zensdnp Mich per-on< 
. born m the United States as may have a^umed allegiance
. oi citizenship to any toieigii Government: niid«d uivh"thei i,
j provision by law ou:jht to be made t.> vindicate the e„\einn-
i ti0,i ot naturalized cinzen-i of the United States from the ^
I claim of other Go^ crmnents of the riant to enforce against ':
-viich citizens the obligations of a prior and dilleient"alle- (i
^aace.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IX ILLINOIS. \\
Mr. McCLERNAND introduced a bill to at- j*
tach the counties of Peoria, Woodford, Livm^-
ston, Iroquois, and Marshall, in the State ofllii- li
nois, to the southern judicial district in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary*
ACQUISITION OF CUBA. "
Mr. McCLERNAND. I offer the following
resolution:
Resohedby the Senate ami House of kepresmfotives,
llwt it is the deliberate ocnse of Congress that the Island
j of Cuba ought to be acquired and incorpoiated within the
! jurisdiction of the United Stale*, if' the f-ntne can be done
! on tains honoiable and satisfactory to the Governments of
! Spain and the United States.
: I should like to have a vote upon that resolu-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Imflvc that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
EX-MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That this House deprecates the example which
ha<5 of late years obtained by the practice of the subordinate
officers of this House of appointing ex-members of Con-
gress to inferior piaces within their gift, a> deiogatorv to
the dignity of the House., and calculated to impair ltd influ-
ence witli the country.
Mr. CURTIS., I move that that resolution be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
LAND CLAIMS IX MISSOURI.
Mr. NOELL introduced a bill to confyrm cer-
tain private land claims in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims
LAND GRANT.
Mr. NOELL also introduced a bill to grant cer-
tain public lands to the State of Missouri: which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW ARMORY.
Mr. NOELL also introduced a bill to establish
a national armory wust of the Mississippi river;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HARBOR OP CAPE GIRARDEAU.
Mr. NOELL also introduced a bill authorizing
an examination-and survey of the harbor of Cape
Girardeau, in the State of Missouri; which was
read a first and second time, and rcfened to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
RAILROAD GRANTS.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, introduced a bill to
authorize and aid m the construction of a railroad
. from the Missouri river to the forks of the Platte
( river; which was read a first and second time,
| and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
J Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, also introduced a
: bill granting to the Territory of Kansas a portion
, of the public lands, to aid in the construction of
^ a railroad from the town of Elwood to the town
0i Maryville, m said Territory: which was read
| a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
i mittee on Public Lands. '
IMPROVEMENT OP TOE UPPER MISSOURI.
Mr. QRAIG, of Missouri, also introduced a
onl fm the improvement of the Upper Missoun
riv"r: which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, moved to refer the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CUR Tib. I think that bill ought to go to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr..CRAIG, of Missouri. No, sir. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is the proper commit-
tee. ' -ii
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
SEMI-WEEKLY 31 AIL TO C,VLirORNTA.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, submitted tin* fol-
lowing resolution . which, by unanimous consent
was considered, and ae^-ed':
Reiolvch That tin- Commirtee on the Oiliee and Po-n
Koads by instructed to inquire into the expedienev of e*-
table-hinir a^rm-^cekl;, mail fiom t<i. JuM-nh. Mi^nuri,
via ro^ts Keainy and La<-mn"\ Sair Lak * City, and Pia-
eer\ die. to fraei amen to City, California, through in sixteen
da\s; with leave to lepoit hj bill, oi otlieiwi.^e.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, also introduced a
joint resolution reviving the act entitled "An Act
redu< 'ing the duties oil imports, and for oilier pur-
poses, " approved July 30, 18-16: which was read
a fust and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
MKS. FEJIGI'SOX SMITH.
Mr. CRAIG. ofMiKsoun.alsn inhodue, d a hill
for the relief ot Mrs. Ferguson Smith- whieh was
