1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1838
arranged in separate sections, according as they
have some similitude of character, or as they are
usually grouped together. Then follows a sec-
tion (19) with a list of articles to pay a duty of
ten per centum; another (20) with a duty of twenty
per centum; another (21) with a duty of thirty
per centum; and then a section (22) with the list
of articles exempt from duty. In the tariff laws,
as they now exist, we have along alphabetic pro-
cession of schedules, as letters A, B, C, D, E, P,
G, H, and I, to which are attached the rate of
thirty per centum upon A and B; and then twenty-
four per centum, nineteen per centum, fifteen per
centum, twelve per centum, eight per centum, and
four per centum—the remaining letter (I) repre-
senting the free list. This miscellaneous tioop
has nothing to recommend it on its face, and a
close examination will show the distribution of
the articles under their several heads to be as ar-
bitrary, in many instances, as are the rates. In
our bill we propose decimal divisions, with a lat-
itude of ten per centum; which will be found bet-
ter for revenue or discrimination, and will also be
far more convenient in practice. So much as to
the structure of the bill.
By the present law, all non-enumerated articles
pay a'duty of fifteen per centum. We propose
that all raw or unmanufactured articles not enu-
merated and not otherwise provided for shall
pay a duty only of ten per centum; and that all
articles manufactured, in whole or in part, not
otherwise provided for, shall pay a duty of twenty
per centum, ad valorem
The present schedules of four, eight, and twelve
percentum we have placed mainly in tljf section to
pay ten per centum, and partly in the section free
of duty.
From the present free list we have taken a few
articles upon which nearly as much revenue will
be realized as will be given up upon a much larger
number added, many of them tropical productions,
and which have been candidates for freedom for [
the last thirty years. Such articles as acids, crude
brimstone,'and gums, now paying but four per
centum, and saltpeter, borax, gutta percha, and
India rubber, cabinet woods, grindstones, sulphate
of ammonia, and various others used in dyeing or
tanning or by mechanics and farmers, that we
propose to exempt from duty, have long been
considered by statesmen of all parties, m this and
other nations, as untenable objects of revenue.
On brandy, wine, and other liquors, we offer a
specific duty, to prevent evasions and to obtain
revenue. Tiieyareluxuries,andnotalwayshann-
less ones. The total-value of all beverages im-
ported during 1859 was §11,887,543, and the num-
ber of gallons about 11,946,113. This, when
"extended" in tlus country, and added to over I
90,000,000 gallons of domestic manufacture, is |
enough to stagger the whole country. It shows I
the consumption to be fearfully increasing. A ;
high duty will bo no hindcrance to the trade in a ,
pure article, while it may exclude some of the foul !j
poisons now glutting the market. No person of ;i
taste should object to this. It is right, too, to hold |i
out some inducement to the cultivation of the vine, j
which already has made a progress, indicating i
that America will be able soon to supply wine and I
brandy of unsuspected virtue and us much as it i
will be safe to consume.
To show how the Government is swindled at the ;
custom-house, it is only nccessary to refer to our j
own documents, and compare the invoiced value
of wines under a tariff of specific duties, when ij
nothing could bo made by frauds, with the in- 'j
voiced value at a later time under an ad valorem j|
tariff. In 1845 the cost of sherry wine imported ij
was over §1 CO per gallon; but in 1848 it dropped 11
at the custom-house to about fifty cents per gallon; !
and in 1853, to still less. In 1845 Madeira wine cost j|
abroad $1 45 per gallon; but in 1854, though the j
vintage was a small one, it passed through the ||
custom-house at only forty-five cents. Port wine. |J
which cost in 1844 §1 50 per gallon, \ras invoiced ' [
in 1848 at an average of thirty-five cents only. -
While this rapid declension in price was going
on in our custom-houses, the price, as all the mem- j
bers of this House must know, was very mercu- ,j
rial elsewhere and rose almost to starvation point. !|
These facts admit of but one explanation, and that ] j
is, perjury and fraud. (Vide Appendix A.) It
is true, that when wines are just landed, they are , |
in what is called a eick condition, and their true ii
value is difficult to beestimated. A specific duty
will undoubtedly restore them to health more
rapidly than any other.
That our entire imports from France are, in fact,
double the amount our leturns would indicate, is
apparent from the report made by Secretary Cobb,
January 29, 1859, notwithstanding the clever in-
tent to excuse and befog the matterf In four years
our returns would show only §148,639,293 of im-
ports, while the French returns, the most accurate
in the world, exhibit $286,351,972. The extent
of these utterly scandalous undervaluations I will
show in an appendix, with extracts I have been
permitted to make from the manuscript of a most
reputable gentleman, Mr. Hodge, our late consul
at Marseilles. ( Vide Appendix 1.) It will be there
seen that wines, wool, blankets, and lead, aic regu-
larly sent with false invoices. Our consul at
Frankfort informs us, also, that it would appear
all exports of jewelry have ceased years ago from
that place, but that large quantities are there made
expressly for the American market. How all
this is got through the United Statescustom-house,
he says, is a proper subject of inquiry. In that
opinion the consul is not alone. Another fact is
suggestive. The whole imports of thread laces
and insertings for 1859 were, by our returns, but
$276,292. Any dealer would see that that amount
would scarcely supply the retail trade of New
^ ork city alone. Of course the greater portion is
smuggled.
At present no very fine cotton goods are made
in this country, though we are able to export many
of the coarser sorts. A specific duty is now at-
tempted in part, which will graduate the duty
better for purposes of revenue, and will serve to
encourage the production of some of the finer styles
of good^. As the tariff now is, all articles made
on frames, unbleached, such as caps, gloves, socks,
shirts, and drawers, pay only fifteen percent.; or
if bleached, twenty-fourperccnt. Our own man-
ufactures of this sort have nearly ceased, while
the foreign importation, from $779,853 m 1847,
has run up to $3,210,287 in 1857. (Vide Ap-
pendix E.) These goods, costing more labor,
would appear to demand a rate of duty not less
than those of the loom; but instead we have apos-
itivc discrimination against them.
It is important, if the production of cotton is to
be increased, that the home maiket should be ex-
tended. Tile domestic consumption of cotton in
1856 was 293,732,550 pounds, or two fifths the
amount (780,040,010 pounds) we that year ex-
ported to Great Britain, and nearly equal to the
total export of 1830, (298,459,102 pounds.)
Those who will take the trouble to examine,
will find many of the southern States have really
more at stake in cotton manufactures than many
of the northern, or than several of the New Eng-
land States. (Vide Appendix C.) I trust that in-
terest will increase until all the cotton sent abroad
shall be manufactured, or at least partially manu-
factured, whereby its value will be doubled to the
cotton States. A tariff to them, in my humble
judgment, is a more vital necessity and far less
burdensome than to any other States in the Union.
They have more to gain by it and less to lose.
The whole annual consumption of foreign goods
in the United States, in round numbers, is ten
dollars per capita. The proportion consumed by
the North is much more than this, while that of
the South is less than half. If a certain lord, as
is said, complained "that the people of England
exhibited an ignoiant impatience of taxation," I
think we might, with all respect, apply the re-
mark, and with greater justice to, the anti-tariff
party of the South. From the difference m the
character of the population in the South, and the
exactions of a northern climate, it is easy to see
that the consumption of imported goods by the
North is largely in excess of their proportionate
numbers or wealth.
The present duty oil hemp is twenty-four per
cent, ad valorem; but on cordage it is nineteen per
cent., and on manufactures of hemp it is only fif-
teen per cent. We accordingly rig our ships
abroad with Russian cordage, and rig our gallows
with it at home. The demand is great for Russian
cordage. A grosser case of protection to the for-
eigner could hardly be made up. With the bounty
sometimes paid on exports of cordage by Russia,
and the fact that the freight is much less per ton
than for'raw hemp, or in view of the cheap labor
of India, it is hard to conceive of a less benevolent
act upon the part of Government than this five
and nine per cent, discrimination against ourxiwn
people. In the same category jute is placed, being
rated at nineteen per cent.; while gunny cloth is
but fifteen per cent. Such are the positive pre-
miums we offer to foreign manufacturers. On
most of these articles we propose a remedy in the
form of specific duty.
On sugar it is proposed to place a duty of owe
cent, graduated on clayed sugar to one cent and a
half, and on loaf two cents and a half per pound.
This will prove abetter protection than an ad val-
orem duty when oursugarplanters needit,and wiii
not be an intolerable tax when their crop happens
to bo cut oft. In 1857, when we did not require
it for revenue, and the planters had no crop to
protect, we collected on sugars alone, m duties,
$12,832,950. Being an article of universal neces-
sity to our people, who use more of it, per capita,
than any other nation, it ought at no time to be
placed beyond their reach.
With the subject of wool, the same difficulties
which have hitherto perplexed legislators still ex-
ist. The manufacturer and the wool grower,
equally anxious to confcr a benefit, one upon the
other, are equally firm in their convictions of pol-
icy. Facts show that the crop of wool produced
in this country will not supply more than about
two thirds of the home demand. This supply
must be obtained on terms that permit its manu-
facture here, or it will be imported in woolen manu-
factures. On the other hand, if our wool crop is
now too small, its increase ought to be encouraged.
Itisclear the consumption of wool is getting ahead
of the production, the world over. If anything
like present prices continue, there is no doubt that
the present stock of sheep in the United States can
be doubled within five years.
Meantime, the bill proposes to harmonize these
interests, by allowing all wool •nder a maximum
price to comc in free of duty, and wool above that
to pay a duty of eight cents per pound. It taking
two pounds of fair wool to make one pound of
cloth, a specific duty of sixteen cents per pound,
to equalize that on woo], is proposed on cloths;
and m addition thereto, fifteen, twenty,and twen-
ty-live per cent, ad valorem, according to their
respective descriptions—coarse cloths paying a
low, and fine cloths a higher rato. This adjust-
ment is behoved to be entirely fair, and should be
satisfactory.
On flaxseed or linseed we propose a specific
duty of eight cents per bushel. By a strange de-
vice, it is now free. A duty, it will be seen, was
placed upon flaxseed, and none upon linseed,
while, generic-ally, they mean the same thing, and
of course nothing undc-r the name of flaxseed is im-
ported; but the imports of linseed are very large—
above two million bushels. Any higher duty than
eight cents would seriously interfere with the re-
turning trade from California, which seeks freights
in India, and, in theend, would only result in the
importation of linseed oil instead of seed. If our
stock raisers could make as profitable use of the
oil cake as do the English, we should not have to
carry all that to a London market, as we now do;
and the business of crushing seed in this country
would save a handsome profit now lost in freight.
The duty of eight cents will considerably augment
the revenue, and at the same time encourage those
engaged in the culture of not less than one hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres of land in the West
devoted to this crop. A duty also of sixteen cents
per galion is proposed on linseed oil.
In connection with this, I may also state that
no reason was seen why linens, to some extent
an article of luxury, should pay a less rate of duty
than other textile fabrics. They arc accordingly
raised from fifteen per cent., and classified so as
to be equal in rank with wool and cotton.
Importing over ten million in value of linen
goods, as we do, annunily, it will be conceded that
wo ought not to close the door against all efforts
in behalf of a larger production of these goods at
home. The edict of Nantes drove the French linen
manufacturers to Ireland; and then England zeal-
ously encouraged them, by granting libera! boun-
ties on all exports of linen goods. Our policy
offers a contrast. Just before the duty was last
changed down to fifteen per centum, a company
with a large capital bought two hundred thousand
dollars' -worth of flax machinery, paid the Gov-
