1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
813
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
consolidated land offices.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, introduced a bill
making a farther provision m relation to consol-
idated land officcs; which was read a first and
second time, and referred- to the Committee on
Public Lands.
sublette cut-off massacre.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, also introduced a
bill for the relief of the survivors of the Sublette
Cut-off massacre, on the 24th of July, 1859, for
the loss of property sustained by them at the
time, and for the payment to certain persons of
the expenses incurred by them in sending those
who were survivors to their homes in Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
benton's abridgement.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was, by unanimous con-
sent, considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Libiary be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of providing a suf-
ficient numbei of the Abridgement oi'the Debates of Con-
gress, by Thomas FI. Benton, to suppiy each member and
Delegate of the House with one copv uf said work, to be
returned by them to the Librarian'of the House, at the
close of the session, m the same manner as jtlie Statutes at
Large now are.
post route ix missouri.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following; resolu-
tion; which, by unanimous consent, was consid-
ered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads is hereby instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency ot establishing a post loutetiom Ozark, Missouri,
to Bates vnle Creek.
establishment of a military post.
Mr. PHELPS also introduced a bill makingan
appropriation for the establishment of a military
post; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
california telegraph.
Mr. PHELPS also introduced a bill to facili-
tate communication between the valley of the
Mississippi river and San Francisco by electric
telegraph; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post R.oads.
osage hostilities.
Mr. PHELPS also introduced a bill to pay to
the State of Missouri the amount expended by
said State in repelling: the invasion of the Osage
Indians; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
kansas railroad grant.
Mr. "WOODSON introduced a bill granting
lands to the Territory of Kansas in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads
therein named, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
removal of tiil st. louis arsenal.
Mr. BARRETT introduced a bill to remove the
United States arsenal from the city of St. Louis,
and to establish the same, together with a national
armory, at Jefferson Barracks; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
st. louis assay office.
Mr. EARRETT also introduced a bill to estab-
lish an assay office in St. Louis, State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second tinv\ and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
adolpiik reinard.
Mr. BARRETT also introduced a bill for the
relief of Adolpho Reinard, of St. Louis, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Do I understand
that all these bills are ordered to be printed ?
The SPEAKER. No bills are ordered to be
printed, unless there is a special order to that
effect.
st. louts custom-house, etc.
Mr. EARRETT submitted the following reso-
lution: which, by unanimous consent, was-con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, instructed to communicate to thw House the
amount of money now due for the completion, fitting up,
and furnishing the St. Louis custom-hou&e, and for which
what further appropriation is nccessaiy.
united states courts in arkansas.
Mr. RUST introduced a bill concerning the
courts of the United States in the district of Ar-
kansas; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee .on .the
Judiciary.
red river rapt.
Mr. RUST also introduced a joint resolution
giving the assent of Congress'to certain acts
passed by the Legislatures of the States of Lou-
isiana and Arkansas in relation to the Red river
raft,&c.; which was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. RUST. As I believe the incorporators in
those acts propose to construct a canal from above
to below that Red river raft, I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
The motion was agreed to.
indian intercourse law.
Mr. HINDMAN introduced the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the ovpediency of so amending the
Jawiegulating intercourse with the Indian tribe-, as to allow
the transportation of vinous and spmtous liquors through
the Indian coimtiy.
lands for educational purposes.
Mr. HINDMAN also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on Military Allah*- be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of panting to the
State of Arkansas for educational pui pos.es, the United
States ai^enal and ground* at Little Roek, and also ^o much
of tlm military leserve at Foit Smith a: n.av not be neces-
sary for the miluaiy uses oi the Governing nt.
reduction of the price op public lands.
Mr. HINDMAN also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquiie into the expediency of reducing to twen-
ty-five cent? per aero, in favor of actual settler*, the price of
the land-5 of the United States that have been offered for
sale ovei ten ycais,
railroad reserves.
Mr. HINDMAN also introduced the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of confirming to
actual settler-?, at the graduated price, land entries made by
thorn in good lajth for actual settlement, or for the use or
adjoiuing farms within lailroad surveys.
buildings for court-house, etc.
Mr. HINDMAN also introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Judiciaiy Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation for i
the conduction of suitable buildings for the u^e of the !
couits of the United States, the post office, and other pub-
lic offices, at Little Rock, Arkansas.
university lands in michigan.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, introduced a bill
authorizing the government of the State of Mich-
igan to select certain university lauds due said
State, under an act entitled " An act concerning a
seminary of learning in the Territory of Mich-
igan," approved May 20, 1826'; which was lead
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
ligiit-1i0cse at manistee river.
Air. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making' an appropriation for the construction
of a light-house at the mouth of Manistee river,
in the State of Michigan; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
west marquette light-house.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making an appropriation for the construction
of a light-house at West Marquette, in the State
of Michigan; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
improvement of saginaw river.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making an appropriation for the improvement
of the Saginaw river, in the State of Michigan;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
harbor of marquette.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making an appropriation for the improvement
of the harbor at Marquette, Michigan; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
light-house near jauars city, michigan.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making an appropriation for the construction
of alight-house at or near Jauars City, in the
State of Michigan; which was read a first and
second time by its title,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
improvement op ontonagon harbor.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan, also introduced a
bill making an appropriation fyr the improvement
of the harbor at Ontonagon, in the State of Mich-
igan; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
marine hospital in florida.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill for the erec-
tion of a marine hospital at Appalachicola, Flor-
ida; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
court-house at appalachicola, florida.
Mr. HAWKINS also introduced a bill for the
crcction of a custom-house, court-house, and post
office, at Appalachicola, Florida; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
regiment of mounted volunteers.
Mr. REAGAN introduced a bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the regiment of
mounted volunteers, which the President of the
United States is authorized to receive into the ser-
vice of the United States for the defense and pro-
tection of the frontier of the State of Texas, by
the act of Congress of April 7, 1859; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
reimbursement of moneys to texas.
Mr. REAGAN also introduced.a bill making
an appropriation to reimburse the State ofTexas
for moneys heretofore paid out by that State to
secure the defense and protection of its frontier;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
port of entry at sabine, texas.
Air. REAGAN also introduced a bill to estab-
lish a port of entry at Sabine Pass, in the State of
Texas; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
improvement at sabine bay.
Mr. REAGAN also introduced a bill for deep-
ening and improving the channel on the bar at the
entrance of Sabine Bay, and for improving the
port at Sabine Pass, in the State ofTexas; which
was road^a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
judicial districts in texas.
Mr. REAGAN also introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to divide the State ofTexas
into two judicial districts;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
direct taxation.
Mr. HAMILTON introduced the following1 res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of repealing the
existing revenue law?, and of pioviding for the t>uppoit of
the Government by direct taxation; and that tUev report by
bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be con-
sidered as agreed to, if there he no objection.
Mr. GROW. No, sir; I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways aad Means.
