814:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
' where resolutions are introduced,if 110 objection is
made, they will be considered as passed. Each
resolution must be objected to separately.
Mr. GROW. I think the Chair misapprehends
the resolution under which we are acting. The
special order provides that all bills and resolutions
shall be referred, unless general consent be given
to other disposition of them. If gentlemen want
to put them upon their passage they must give
notice of their wish, and a single objection will
prevent such disposal of them. The special order
particularly directs that they shall be referred.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN TEXAS.
Mr. HAMILTON also introduced abill to create
certain collection districts in the State of Texas;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. CURTIS. At the request of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] I ask leave to
' introduce a bill in regard to navy-yards. I ask the
Clerk to read the title from the book I send to
him.
The Clerk read the following from the printed
Journal of the House;
"A bill regulating navy-yards, and for other purposes."
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Iowa that he cannot report a
bill from the Journal.
Mr. CURTIS. I want the bill referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman has sent
"up no bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. And no notice of such a
bill has been given, as required by the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will furnish a printed bill
in five minutes; and there will be no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I onlv want it all right.
Mr. PHELPS. The Legislature of New York,
I believe, has adopted a rule, or has countenanced
the practice, of introducing bills by sending in a
blank paper indorsed with the title of a bill, and
allowing the bill to be inserted afterwards. This
is approaching very near thatpractice, and I hope
it will not be allowed.
The SPEAKER. There is no bill presented.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman can intro-
duce the bill some other day.
Mr. CURTIS. I see no objection to a reference
of the book and all. [Laughter.]
RETIRING SUPERANNUATED OFFICERS.
Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill for retiring
superannuated officers of the Army; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
-Committee oil Military Affairs.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill to secure
the construction of a Pacific railroad; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
LANDS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced abill to stop the
sale of all the public lands except to actual set-
tlers, and extending for six years the time of pay-
ment by preemptors; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PREEMPTION.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced a bill granting
preemptions to settlers in the regions of the Rocky
Mountain gold mines; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
DESKS IN THE HALL.
Mr. CURTIS also introduced the following
resolution:
Resolved, That tile Doorkeeper be instructed to remove
from the floor of tiie ilalj all the de&ks.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask to put that resolution
upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. LOVEJ OY. I hope it will be put upon its
passage.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to amend that res-
olution, by providing for the removal of all the
benches.
Mr CURTIS. We ought have benches alone,
or desks alone; not both.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
will move the reference of his resolution or with-
draw it. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. [Laughter.]
Mr. VALLANDICrHAM. Is it not always
in order to ask for the execution of the order of
the House ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, that he should refer that reso-
lution to the Committee of Elections, for then it
can be reported back at ar>y moment. The Com-
mittee of Elections have a right to report at any
time.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution for the appointment of a committee of
three, to act in concert with such committee as
may be appointed upon the part of the House of
Representatives, for making suitable arrangements
for the inauguration of the equestrian statue of
General Washington, on the 22d of February, and
that the Senate had appointed upon their part,
Messrs. Hammond, Hunter, and Hamlin.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the resolution of the Senate,
and pass it.
Mr. VANDEVER. I object.
Mr. KEITT. It will consume but a few mo-
ments.
Mr. "VANDEVER. I withdraw my objection,
if the resolution can be acted upon without de-
bate.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
taken from the table, and read.
Mr. KEITT I move to fill the blank with
" five," as the number of the committee upon the
part of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed, as
such committee upon the part of the House,
Messrs. Keitt, Train, Garnett, Adrain, and
Webster.
PREEMPTION" TO A RAILROAD.
Mr. VANDEVER introduced a bill granting
a preemption to the State of Iowa, to aid in the
construction of the Macgregor, Saint Peters, and
Missouri river railroad; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
RAILROAD GRANT.
Mr. VANDEVER also introduced a bill mak- !
ing a grant of land to the State of Iowa, m alter- j
nate sections, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road in said State; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
BOUNDARIES OF IOWA.
Mr. VANDEVER also introduced a bill to ex-
tend the northern and western boundaries of the
State of Iowa to the Missouri river; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
D. R. CROCKER.
Mr. VANDEVER also introduced a bill for
the relief of D. R. Crocker; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
JAMES B. TIIOMAS.
Mr. VANDEVER also introduced a bill for
the relief of James B. Thomas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
IOWA BOUNDARIES CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. GROW. The bill just referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to change the boundary
lines of the State of Iowa, has nothing in the
world to do with the business of that committee.
I move that the reference bo reconsidered, and
that the bill be referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. VANDEVER. I have no objection to
that reference.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
REGULATION OF NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. CURTIS introduced a bill to regulate navy-
yards, and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, introduced
a bill authorizing the State of Wisconsin to select
swamp and overflowed lands within said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred t.o the Committee 011 Public Lands.
SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also intro-
duced a bill authorizing the pioper accounting
officers of the United States Treasury to audit and
pay over to the State of Wisconsin five per cent,
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
within the said State; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee 011
Public Lands.
ANSON DART.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, also intro-
duced abill for the relief of Anson Dart; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
HARBOR AT KENOSHA!
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation for the protection and preservation of
the harbor at Kenosha, 011 Lake Michigan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
IIARliOR AT RACINE.
Mr. POTTER also introduced a bill making
appropriation for the protection and preservation
of the harbor at Racine,on Lake Michigan; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee 011 Commerce.
HARBOR AT MILWAUKEE.
Mr. POTTER also introduced a bill making
an appropriation for the protection and preserva-
tion of the harbor at Milwaukee, on Lake Michi-
gan ; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SCOTT introduced a bill to establish a
communication by railroad and telegraph between
the Atlantic States and California, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CURTIS. I move its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I have the floor. I move that
the bill be referred to a select committee of fifteen.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that it be refe rred to
the Committee oil Military Affairs.
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
CHARLES M'CORMICK.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of Charles
McCormick, assistant surgeon of the United States
Army, asking to be allowed commissions on cer-
tain moneys disbursed by him at New Orleans
during the Mexican war; winch was leferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
M'FARLAND AND DOWNING.
Mr. SCOTT also presented the petition of Mc-
Farland& Downing, praying that the amount due
them, for rent of their "house in Los Angeles,
California, occupied by the United States "court
from the 27th of October, 1854, to 5th of August,
1856, under contracts with the United States mar-
shal ot that district, be paid; which wa* relVned
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTIONS OX Till: PACIFSC.
Mr. KURCH offered the followin
Resolved, That the ComJiitUoc on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the nece-Mry and pmpuetv of cre-
ating 011 the Pacific coast, iiieludititrC.ililoitiMaiwl Ureyon.
a steamboat and stt'am-bojici m^p"'Ui>n <lMt <*r. uiiha
auperintend^ncy at tfrm JYanclM'o. atxJ m-p-Hots t tli<-
eit\- of San Francisco, California, and I'oiUatu!. in <j!m.
Mr. STOUT. I suggest an amendment to the
gentleman from California. It is to insert also thu
Territory of Washington.
