2778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wash-
ington Goff, praying that the Postmaster Gen-
eral may be authorized to "contract with him and
his associates to carry the United States mails
between San Francisco and Japan,in fast-sailing
vessels or steamships; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Augusta, Maine, praying that the duty
on steel may not be increased, as proposed by the
tariff bill now pending before Congress; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented three petitions of
citizens of the counties of Richland, Sauk, and
Juneau, in the State of Wisconsin, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Sexton ville,
Richland county, via Ithaca, Neptune, Loyd,and
Cazenovia, to Wonewoc, in Juneau county, in
that State; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMMOND presented the petition of
Lieutenant William Nelson, of the United States
Navy, praying that he may be allowed, in the
settlement of his accounts, the value of certain
naval stores stolen from him; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of manufac-
turers and others of Winsted,Connecticut, pray-
ing that the duty on steel may not be increased,
as contemplated by the tariff bill now pending
before Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of A.E.
Stevens & Co., of Portland, Maine, and others,
praying that the duty on steel may not be in-
creased, as proposed by the tariff bill now pend-
ing before Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMMOND, it was
Ordered, That the petition on the files of the Senate of
Oliver Towles, lor himself and others, praying that an act
may be passed for their relief, providing for the payment of
their claim for seven years' half pay as heirs-at-law of
Captain Oliver Towles, of the third South Carolina conti-
nental regiment, which claim has been favorably recom-
mended to Congress by the Legislature of the State of
South Carolina, be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Lieutenant William F. Lovell,of the United
States Navy, praying that additional compcnsa-
tion may be paid to the officers and seamen who
accompanied the expedition in search of Dr.
Kane, reported a jojnt resolution (S. No. 42)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to pay to
the officers and seamen of the expedition in
search of Dr. Kane the same rate of pay that
was allowed the officers and seamen of the expe-
dition under Lieutenant Dc Haven; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
CALIFORNIA PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. LATHAM. I now renew my motion to
take up the bill S. No. 168.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 168) to amend an act
entitled "An act to ascertain and settle private
land claims m the State of California;" the pend-
ing question being1 on the motion of Mr. Grimes
to strike out the seventh section of the bill, in the
following words:
"Sec. 7. Jlni be it further enacted, That, for the per-
formance of the duties imposed by this; act, and the act to
which this is an amendment, there shall be allowed to the
judges of the northern and southern districts of California
as follows: to the judge of the northern district such a
feum as will, when added to his fixed and permanent salary
allowed by law and received by him, make his compensa-
tion amount to the sum of §6,000 per annum, and such
additional compensation to be computed from the 1st day
of Januaiy, 185.2; and to the judge of the southern district
such a sum as will, when added to his fixed and perma-
nent salary allowed by law and received by him, make his
compensation amount to the sum of $3,500, such compen-
sation to be computed and allowed from the date of his
appointment to s-oid office, and to continue, each, for two
yeais irom and after the passage of this act."
Mr. CLARK. When the bill was last before
the Senate, the Senate were about to take a vote
upon it, but it was laid aside on my objection, 1
desiring at that time to make some remarks upon
it. It is now before the Senate; and, as we are
coming near the close of the session, if wc can
have the vote at once, I will forbear to make any
remarks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to strike
out the seventh section.
Mr. GRIMES. The yeas and nays were de-
manded, I think, on that motion. If not, I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. ^
Mr. FOOT. I apprehend this question is not
definitely understood. If I understand it, the
amendment is to strike out the section in reference
to the salary of the judges in California. Is that
the amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I misunderstood it; and I
wish to be called again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent, the calling of the roll will be commenced
again.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I desire to state to the
Senate what the motion is. The seventh section
of this bill provides that this judge shall receive a
salary from 1852—it is retrospective, and goes
back and gives him a salary from 1852—at a rate
of $6,000ayearup to this time; and,I believe, de-
clares that it shall continue for two years longer.
The judge is now drawing a salary of $5,000. I
have moved to strike out that section; and upon
that motion to strike out that section, which gives
this retrospective salary, I have demanded the
yeas and nays. I merely wish to record my vote
against,establishing such a precedent.
The question being again taken by yeas and
nays, resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bragg, Clingman, Fitzpatrick, Grimes,
Harlan, Hunter, Lane, Nicholson, Simmons, and Toombs-*-
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Gvvin, Hammond,
Hemphill, Latham, Mallory, Polk, Powell, Sebastian, Sli-
de!!, Sumner,Ten Eyck, Thomson, Wade, Wigfall, Wilk-
inson, and Wilson—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
SHERLOCK & SIIXRLEY.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 494) amendatory of
the act approved June 14,1858, for the relief of
Sherlock & Shirley, to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I hope
there will be no objection to taking it up and act-
ing on it ut present. It will take but a moment.
Mr. POLK. Is that the same bill that was up
two years ago ?
Mr. BRIGHT. It is an act explanatory of it.
I will explain it, if necessary.
Mr. POLK. It is not necessary.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 494) amendatory of the act approved
June 14, 1858, for the relief of Sherlock & Shir-
ley. It authorizes the Postmaster General to re-
examine, upon the evidence now in the Post Office
Department, the ease of the lines and deductions
charged against the pay of Sherlock & Shirley,
for mail service on route 5103, from Louisville to
St. Louis, between April 2, 1851, and November
25, 1854, under a contract and agreement with the
Department; and to remit so much of those fines
and deductions as in his judgment ought not to
have been enfoiced, if the service had all been per-
formed underwritten contract; but no case of fines
heretofore considered and decided by any former
Postmaster General, upon the application of the
contractors, is to be reviewed under the provisions
of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ESCAPE OF PRISON33RS.
Mr. BAYARD. Yesterday I reported back a
House bill in reference to the punishment of mar-
shals and deputy marshals who permitted the
voluntary escape of prisoners in their custody,
with two slight amendments. It will not take
five minutes to dispose of it, and 1 hope it will be
taken up now. It was objected to by some Sen-
ator when I asked to have it taken up yesterday.
It is a House bill that ought to be passed; and I
move that it be taken up for the purpose of action
on those amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 804) providing for the
punishment of marshals and deputy marshals of
the United States, or other ministerial officers, for
permitting the escape of prisoners in their cus-
tody. It provides that whenever any marshal,
deputy marshal, or other ministerial officer, shall
have in his custody any prisoner by virtue of
process issued under the laws of the United States
by any court, judge, or commissioner, and such
marshal, deputy marshal, or other ministerial
officer, shall voluntarily suffer such prisoner to
escape, the officer so offending shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor; and upon conviction in
any district or circuit court of the United States,
shall be fined and imprisoned according to the
discretion of the court in which such conviction
shall take jolacc, having respect to the nature of
the crime with which the escaped prisoner shall
have been charged. This act is to be taken and
construed to apply not only to cases in which the
prisoner who escaped was charged or found guilty
of an offense against the laws of the United States,
but also to cases in which a prisoner may be in
custody charged with offenses against any for-
eign Government with whom the United States
have treaties of extradition.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment of
the committee was, in line eleven, after the word
"fined" to insert the word " or;" and after the
word " imprisoned" to insert the words " or
both;" so that it will read: "shall be fined or
imprisoned, or both."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary was, in line fourteen, after the word
"charged" to insert the words " in a sum not
exceeding $2,000, and for a term not exceeding
two years;" so that the clause will read:
Having respect to the nature of the crime with which
the escaped prisoner shall have been charged, in a sum not
exceeding $2,000, and for a term not exceeding two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I find that there is a misprint
in the bill. The word "find," in the eleventh
line, should be spelled "fined." It is a mere
clerical error, which ought to be corrected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correction
will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE. 1 now ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 9, that fixes the time for holding
the courts in the Stateof Oregon; and I hope that
the Senate will now pass the bill. It is very late
in the session, and if it is not passed soon we
shall have no time fixed for holding the courts
until another summer comes around.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 9) to
amend an act for extending the laws and judicial
system of the United States to the State of Oregon,
and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what that amendment is.
The Secretary read the amendment: to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the two regular terms of the district court of fie.
United Stairs for ihe diftnet of Oregon shall hereafter be
held at Portland, in said district, commencing on the sec-
ond Monday in May and September, in each year; and no
piocti s issued, or proceeding pending in said court, shall
be avoided or impaired by tins change of the timcandploee
of holding the same; but all piocc-ss, bail bond-;, or leeng-
mznnees, leturnabie to the next term of said court, shall
be returnable and returned to the term of said court njxt
held according to this act, in the same manner as if so m.ide
returnable on the face thereof, and shall have full eileet
aceouhngly.
See. 2. Jludbeilfurther enacted, That the salaiy of the
district judge of the United States for said district shall be
#3,000.
