1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
Mr. BURCH. I have no objection/
The modification wasipadc; and the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PORTS OF ENTRY AND DELIVERY IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr, BURCH also offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and necessity of creating on
tlie California coast a northern district for the collection ot
customs, and the propriety of makin? Eureka, Humboldt
bay, a port bf entry, and the ports of Trinidad and Crescent
city, ports of delivery, within said district.
PORTS ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BtJRCH also introduced the following
resolution; wh ich was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the necessity lor the construction of
breakwaters at, and otherwise improvingthc poits of Trin-
idad and Crescent city, in the State of California; al*o, into
the necessity for the erection of light-houses, beacons,
lights, and fog-bells, at appiopriate and needful points along
the Pacific coast, from San Francisco bay to Portland.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH submitted the following resolu-
tions; which were read and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs:
Resolved) That the Military Committee be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of reimbursing the citizens of
the State of California, for services rendered and supplies
furnished in the suppression of Indian hostilities; as also,
for spoliations by Indians prior to the year 1858.
Resolved, That the Military Committee be instructed to
report a bill repaying to the State of California the sum ot
$52,5-27 83, being the amount appropriated and expended
from the tieasury of said State by the act of Apnll6, 1859,
for the suppression of Indian hostilities in 1858-59, m the
countics of Humboldt and Klamath.
MAIL SERVICE TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH submitted the following resolu-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads beinstiuoted to inquire into the expediency imd
necessity of placing seim-wcekly mail service on the mail
route via Salt Lake city, by St. Joseph, Missouri, to Placer-
ville, California.
LAND GRANT TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH introduced a bill a bill granting to
the State of California public lands within the
limits of said State, to aid in the construction of
railroads therein; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BURCH also presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of California,
asking a donation of land for railroad purposes;
which received the same reference.
EQUALIZATION OF POSTAGE.
Mr. BURCH also introduced a bill to equalize
the rates of postage; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
RICHARD CIIEXERY.
Mr. BURCH also introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Richard Chenery; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
TOWN OF UNION, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BURCH also introduced a bill to author-
ize the trustees of the town of Union, m the State
of California, to enter the town site of said town;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BURCH. I now desire to present the me-
morial of the Pacific railroad convention, ai*d a
bill drawn in accordance with that memorial. It
will be remembered by the House that I proposed,
the other day, to have it referred to a select com-
mittee of nine; and I hope that it will be so re-
ferred at this time.
Mr. CURTIS.- I rise to a point of order. De-
bate is out of order.
Mr. BURCH. I believe the Speaker has de-
cided that a motion to refer a bill to a select com-
mittee is in order, under this resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stanton in
the chair.) Debate is not in order.
Mr. BURCH. I am not debating.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Iowa has raised the point of order.
Mr. CURTIS. The matter is not debatable.
I move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The billhas not
yet been presented.
Mr. BURCH. I hope that, if the bill is not to
be referred to a select committee, the gentleman
from Iowa will do mc the courtesy to allow me
to select the standing committee which shall have
charge of it. 1 now? introduce the bill.
The bill for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of a line of railroad across that portion
of the public domain lying between the Missis-
sippi river and the eastern boundary of the State
of California, was read a first and second time.
Mr. BURCH. Now, if the gentleman from
Iowa objects to my making the motion to refer
the bill to a special committee 
Mr. CURTIS. I do not object. I have no
right to do so.
Mr. BURCH. But I understand that he in-
tends to move to refer the bill to a standing com-
mittee.
Mr. CURTIS. I have made the same motion
which I have now made in regard to all similar
bills.
Mr. BURCH. I wish to know what motion
the gentleman intends to submit? *
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from California if this memorial
represents the views of the convention held at San
Francisco ?
Mr. BURCH. It does, sir; and the bill which
I present is in accordance with that memorial.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is ?
Mr. BURCH. As I stated a few days ago, it
emanates from representatives of two States and
one Territory upon the Pacific coast.
Mr. CtJRTIS. I rise to a question of order.
I object to discussion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The subject is
not debatable, but the gentleman from California
has a right to move the reference of the bill, and
no other gentleman can move its reference until
he has made his motion, and yielded the floor.
Mr. BURCH. I move, then, that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, objection being made upon the other
side of thd* House to its reference to a special
committee.'
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, and allow the bill to go to the
Committee on Public Lands. I know that it will
be in the hands of its friends there, and I move
that it be referred to that committee.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question will
first be taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa, as an amendment to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama.
Mr. BURCH. The gentleman from Iowa made
his motion first, and I moved to amend it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Iowa'had not the floor at that time to make
the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from California, I understand, presents the
memorial of the San Francisco convention, and a
bill drawn up in conformity with that memorial;
and now he asks that it be referred to a special
committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
not debatable.
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion to refer the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I>© I under-
stand that the gentleman front California has
moved to refer the bill to a special committee?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No, sir; he moves
that it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the gentleman
from California what committee he wishes the bill
referred to?
Mr. BURCH. I would prefer that it should go
to a special committee; but 1 have moved that it be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I hope it will be re-
ferred to that committee.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's motion,
and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Burch 5s motion
that the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT. I want to ask the Chair a ques-
tion. Is it in order to refer the bill of my col-
league, or the bill that I have introduced, or the
bill that the gentleman from Iowa has introduced,
to a select committee?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order,
undoubtedly.
Mr. SCOTT. So far as this matter is con-
cerned, my recollection may not serve me aright;
but in the Thirty-Fourth Congress 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The subject is
not debatable. It is in order to move the refer-
ence of the bill to a select committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I merely asked the question of
the gentleman.
Mr. BURCH. I will now, if I have it in my
power, withdraw the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
move to refer it to a select committee of nine.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
I voted against the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Military Affairs with the under-
standing that it was the wish of the gentleman
from California, to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to send it to the Committee on Military Affairs
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that motion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. SCOTT. My object, I will say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Cries of "Order!"
" No debate !"]
Mr. GROW. I will say to the gentleman that
j I voted against the motion to refer to the Commit-
I tee on Military Affairs, with the express under-
j standing that it should go to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BURCH. I believe my motion to refer to
a select committee is in order.
Mr. COBB. I want to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on the motion to reconsider. If that fail,
the question will then recur upon the motion to
refer to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, unless the gentleman from California in-
sists on his motion to refer to a select committee.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on referring to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BURCH. I move to amend that motion,
so as to refer it to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. GROW. Now, I desire to know whether
the gentleman from California wants his bill to go
to that committee or not? If he does not, I think
we might as well send it to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will say that my
colleague and myself are willing to compromise
by referring the bill to the Committee on tlie Post
Office and Post Roads, although we should prefer
to have it go to a select committee.
Mr. GROW. I am very willing to accommo-
date the gentlemen if they prefer to have it go to
that committee; but if, after we have voted down
the motion to refer to the Committee on Military
Affairs, again they propose to withdraw the mo-
tion, and move to send it to a select committee, 1
hope the House will refer it to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and get rid of it.
Mr. BURCII. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania asked ftc a question very courteously, and
I desire to respond to him, with the permission of
the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
Mr. BURCH. I am not debating. I merely
wish to say a word by way of explanation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Every explana-
tion is debate.
Mr. BURCH. I merely wished to say that
my purpose was to have had this bill referred to
a select committee; but I am willing that it shall
go to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and I will abide by that motion.
