I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election,—'Mr, Blair.
Ho, of Ebps.
of the committee have concluded to throw out
633 votes given to the sitting member. The fact
is not, as stated yesterday by the gentleman from
North Carolina, that these persons arc all de-
clared to be illegal voters on the strength of the
census return', but in almost every instance there
is corroborative testimony in reference to them.
There is the testimony of persons residing in these
different wards and localities who have examined
the poll-book, and who have made search for
these individuals, and who, in nearly every in-
stance, have testified that they are not natural-
ized, or are not entitled to vote. And in other
instances, again, they are not found in the ward,
in the voting precinct, or in the city. In almost
every instance of this kind the census return is
corroborated by ihc distinct evidence on the part
of individuals, to the entire number of persons
whose votes are excluded by the committee.
"When the legality of those votes was only at-
tacked by the evidence of the census returns,
while there was no other corroborative evidence,
*-,the committee did not give me the benefit of the
exclusion of those votes. 1 have already set out
in my brief, which the sitting member has in his
possession, or has had, a number of persons m
the different wards and precincts, designating
them by name, who have been excluded on this
testimony; therefore I do not deem it important,
in opening, to press this matter further.
Under the second head, I claim that, by the
corrupt and illegal conduct of some of the judges
and partisans of the sitting member in certain
precincts, which I shall name, these entire pre-
cincts should be excluded from the count. I will
take up several of these, which I have asked to
exclude under this head, presenting them briefly
to the House.
In the first place, there is what is called the
Gravois coal mines precinct, where, in 1856, the
national Democratic candidate received 4 votes,
and where Mr. Kcnnctt, the candidate of the
Americans, received some 40 odd votes. That
precinct, which in 1856 gave only-54 votes, in
1858 gave the sitting member, according to the
returns, 153 votes—nearly three times the entire
vote of the precinct in 1856. At that precinct the
judges were not sworn. One of the judges had
"been convicted of conspiracy to cheat; one of the
clcrks of the election at that precinct had been
convicted, jointly with the judge, of conspiracy
to cheat. Another of the judges, when a person
interposed to challenge the votes of some nine or
ten persons who presented themselves to vote for
the sitting member, told the person challenging
them that if he did not desist he would put him
out of the room. He then endeavored to persuade
the men to vote, although they declined to swear
that they were qualified.
Then I allege and prove, in respect to this same
precinct, that the ballots were never counted; that
they did not even go through the formality of
counting them. I prove this by the condition of
the ballot-box when it was returned to the county
clerk's office, by the witness of the sitting mem-
ber, who said that he found the ballots folded
with the numbers on the outside, precisel y as they
were put into the box; and it looked as if the bal-
lot-box had never been opened and the ballots
never counted. He said, however, that on com-
paring the numberof votes returned by the judges
with those which he counted, he supposed they
must ha\e been counted. But the fact was, that
the return of the judges did not agree with the
votes as afterwards counted; which confirms the
fact that they were not counted, rather than es-
tablishes the fact that .they were.
I claim that this whole precinct should be thrown
out. It is in proof, furthermore, that there were
only 80 votes cast in that prccinct in 1859, which
was the year succeeding this election, showing
not only thatalarge numberof persons appeared
in this precinct for the first time at the election in,
1858, but that they disappeared befoie the elec-
tion held in the next year. Sir, I ask this House
whether the election held in any locality, accom-
panied by such facts as these, ought not to be
vitiated? These judges, as I have said, were not
sworn, and, as has been shown, before the elec-
tion, earned for themselves the character of being
capable of engaging in a conspiracy to cheat, and
they did on this occasion vindicate the justice
of the sentence which had been previously pro-
nounced upon them by the judgment ofthe crim-
inal court of St. Louis county.
I will mention also that one of these judges
could neither read nor write, and signed the poll-
book with his mark. The counsel of the sitting
member, in reference to that, says that would not
disqualify him. Why,, sir, how can a man be
allowed to sit as judge in an election case when he
can neither read the ballots to see for whom they
were cast, nor write them down ? He is, and must
necessarily be, entirely incompetent to perform
that duty. He could not, if a voter presented
himself to vote upon his naturalization papers,
determine whether they were such as to qualify
him to vote or not; and he could, in no respect, be
qualified to perform the duties appertaining to the
position of judge of elections.
In another precinct, that of Carondelet, whicli
is called the eleventh precinct, the increase of
votes given to the sitting member is greater than
the entire vote cast in the precinct at the previous
election The national Democratic vote at that
precinct in 1856 was 44, and it increased to over 280
in two years; and at the next election there, there
was almost a corresponding falling off of the vote,
At that precinct, it is in testimony, that the polls
were surrounded early in the morning by persons
who did not live in the precinct, nor within the
county; who wore not themselves entitled to vole,
but who, by violence, prevented others from Ap-
proaching the polls who were entitled to vote. It
is also in evidence that, at th is precinct, some forty-
j odd laboring men were brought over from the
j Waterloo turnpike, in Illinois, and voted in this
! precinct. It is also in evidence, that some twenty-
j five men, after having presented themselves, and
1 been rejected, at the Moms store precinct, near the
Meirimae bridge, were taken to this precinct, as
1 is proved by one of the silting member's witnesses,
I and voted, having been promised by the contractor
| on the bridge a day's pay if they voted for the sit-
' ting member.
! It is also established that some twenty men,
I living just opposite in Illinois, who had been
j driven out by high water in the spring, and had
j been staying for some three months at Caron-
i delet, voted there with the knowledge and by
the connivance of the Mayor of the town, who
was a candidate on the same ticket with the sit-
ting member. And when a person interposed to
challenge them, this Mayor of the town told him
that he must desist, or he would get himself in
trouble. He did desist, and these twenty men did
vote at that precinct. It is in evidence, also, that
there were in the vicinity of Carondelet large
numbers of laboring men, who came forward nnd
gave their votes for the sitting member. A wit-
ness testifies that they told him that they were
employed, and were to be paid the price of a day 's
labor on the contract that they should vote this
ticket. But the number of these persons is esti-
mated by the witnesses to be from forty to fifty.
The evidence goes further. It establishes the fact
that all of these persons were brought up and
voted. The witnesses saw them vote. The evi-
dence is, that they were offered and paid $1 25
each by the friends of Mr. Barret. The evidence
is, that the day after the election they were seen to
take their carpet sacks in their hands, and leave
the town of Carondelet for parts unknown.
Now, after showing, in reference to this precinct,
such an unparalleled increaseof vote—the increase
of vote for the sitting member being six or eight
times more than the vote of his party two years
previously—1 prove that one hundred men were
brought fiom various places outside of the State
of Missouri; men who had been denied at other
polls because they were not legal voters; men
who were paid to go and place themselves upon
the public roads adjoining Carondelet, for the
purpose of voting there. I say that on the day
of the election, open and shameless proclamation
was made upon the streets to give these men
$1 25 each for their votes; and that that offer was
accepted, and these men voted under those circum-
stances.
I say, furthermore, that the judges of the elec-
tion connived at it. In one instance a man, who
was brought up to vote, was challenged, and he
refused to swear that lie was a qualified voter.
He was taken away, drugged with Uquor, and
brought back again, and again he refused to swear
that he was a qualified voter. A third time he
was brought back, so druak that he could not
stand, and had to be supported; and,in that con-
dition, after he had declined to swear on two pre-
vious occasions, the judges swore him, and took
his vote. It is in proof that he was taken up by
the friends of the sitting member. It is also in
proof that these non-residents of Carondelet, and
who were not entitled to vote, took up a voter,
legally entitled to vote, and carricd him from the
polls, replaced- my ticket, which he had in his
hands, with a Barret ticket, and made him vote
the latter, which the judges of the election re-
ceived, although this violence was used before
their eyes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, under these circumstances,
I do not see how this body, sitting here as a court,
can fail to exclude the vote of Carondelet, But I
have taken still further pains about it. At that
precinct, which, is a small French village, only
two hundred and odd votes were cast m 1856.
The poll-books of the election in 1858 were ex-
amined by four or five gentlemen who had lived
eight, ten, and twelve years there. They swear
that they were acquainted with all of the inhab-
itants of the place, and they struck off from the
poll-book the names of 75 persons, whom they
say they did not know, and that they could not
find anybody who did know. They couid not be
found there then, and the sitting member has
failed to producc them, or anybody who knew
them, except in a few instances.
I claim that the vote of Carondelet is vitiated by
the corrupt conduct of the judges of the election
conniving at this fraudulent voting, under the lead
of the friends of the sitting member. The per-
sons who cast these fraudulent votes cannot be
identified by the old residents of the place. The
old residents do not believe that any such persons
live m the piccinct.
And in order to preclude one other hypothesis,
upon which these votes might have been legal, I
proved that the oath was never administered to
these parties—the oath required by thestatutesof
Missouri to be taken by persons voting outside
of the prccinct where they reside.
Now, let us come to the eastern precinct of the
ninth ward. In 1856, Mr. Reynolds, candidate
of the national Democracy, received 47 votes; Mr.
Kennett, 240 votes; Mr. Blair, 271; and the total
was 556. In 1858, Barret received 492votes, against
47 for Reynolds in 1856; Breckmndge, 234; Blair,
186; and total vote cast in that precinct, 922; which,
is nearly double the vote of 1856. Mr. Barret's
vote is ten times larger in that precinct than that
of the gentleman who was the national Democratic
candidate in 1856.
That he received these votes fraudulently is
shown conclusively: first, by the proof made of
the corrupt conduct of one of the judges of elec-
tion there—a Mr.McDonald—who took the entire
charge of the election, and who had, the night
before the election, a meeting of bullies and vaga-
bonds in his office, notwithstanding he was a jus-
tice of the peace; to whom he confessed on hisr
cross-examination giving orders for money upon
George Knapp. These bullies and vagabonds
stood on the outside on the day of the election, and
overawed the judges, and McDonald decided upon
the qualifications of voters just as it suited him.
lie refused to swear men when they were chal-
lenged. He allowed men to vote upon naturaliza-
tion papers without swearing them as to whether
the papers were their papers, and not somebody
else s. The case was so flagrant that the crowd
and the other judges of the election interposed.
They desired him to swear these men, whether
they were voting on their own naturalization pa-
pers; but he declined to do it. When the statute
was shown to him, he falsely and insolently stud
that the statute had long since been repealed.
It is in proof also in regard to this man, that,
while the statute of Missouri authorizes a judge
to receive the voteof any person whom thejudges
know to be an elector, McDonald, when a man
would be challenged, would say: "This man is
a voter," "1 know him," " I knew his father,"
or " I know the boy." We have the proof that
in one particular instance, where a man, offering
to vote, was challenged, the judge permitted him
to vote without being sworn; and we have shown
