HIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
cial order, or the unfinished business of yester-
day, for half an hour, for the purpose of taking
Mile report from the select committee on the
feting investigation. The committee devoted
fast deal of time to the subject, have taken a
great deal of testimony, have made an elaborate
report upon the subject, and the matter is ofgrave
consequence, and should be disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Louisiana that he take the morning hour of Mon-
day for it.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Virginia
—who, at this period of the session, is all-power-
ful as regards the distribution of business—will
agree that on Monday, at twelve o'clock, we shall
have an hour for the subject, I shall not press my
motion now.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot agree to give an
hour.
Mr. KING. I hope this matter will be taken
up. The Senator from Louisiana and myself
have been endeavoring to get the floor for some
days past to induce the Senate to take it up during
the morning hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Louisiana moves to postpone the unfinished
business of yesterday, for the purpose of taking
up the report of the special committee, referred to
by him.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be done.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 17, noes 21.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. YULEE. I ask consent to report a bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way. I gave
way yesterday evening for an hour.
Mr. YULEE I only want to report the post
route bill for the purpose of having the amend-
ments printed.
Mr. HUNTER. As that is a public bill, I
give way to that.
Mr YULEE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to re-
port back House bill No. 714, establishing certain
post routes, with many amendments. Among
them isoneabolishing the frankingprivilege, which
I mention in order that the attention of the Senate
may be directed to it. As there are a great many
amendments in the routes, 1 desire to have the
bill printed with the amendments, and I call the
attention of Senators to the subject, in order that
they may be satisfied that the corrections are such
as they approve. I move that the bill and amend-
ments be printed; and I give notice that I expect
to call it up on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTIIUIt EDWARDS.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to make a report.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave way for the post route
bill, being a public bill. Yesterday I had to give
■way for an hour.
Mr. HALE. I shall not take three minutes.
I am instructed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to report back the joint
resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of Arthur
Edwards and his associates, with a single amend-
ment in the fifth line, to strike out the word " set-
tle," and insert " examine." I merely want to say
that lam instructed by the committee unanimously
to report it; and I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to put it on its passage to-morrow morn-
ing.
Mr. HUNTER* I shall not give way.
Mr. HALE. I do not want the Senator to give
way now. I only give notice that I shall move to
take it up on Monday morning.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PEARCE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1800, submitted the following report:
The managers appointed on the part of the Senate upon
the committee of conference on the disagreeing votps of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H r. Yo.
5(Ki) making further appropriations for the servK- . t the
lJo«t Office Department during the fiscal j'oar ending the
30th of June, I860, report: that they met the nuinageis
appointed on the part of the House of Representatives, and,
after full and free conference, weie unable to agree. The
committee, therefore, recommend the Senate to further in-
sist on their amendments, and to ask another conference.
They also ask to be discharged from the committee of
conference. J. A. PEARCE, Chairman.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and, in concurrence therewith:
Resolved, That the Senate further in=i?tupon its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 503) making further appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Olficc Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, and ask a further conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Vice Presi-
dent was authorized to appoint the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate; and Mr.
Hunter, Mr. Rice, and Mr. Collamer were
appointed.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk,announcing that the House further insisted
upon its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Departmentjduring the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, I860, insisted on by the Senate, agreed
to the further conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Galcsha A. Grow of
Pennsylvania,Mr. James H. Reagan ofTexas,
and Mr. Ellihu B. Washburne of Illinois,man-
agers at the same on the part of the House.
BILL BECOStE A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had this day approved
and signed an act (S. No. 249) for the relief of
Samuel J. Hensley.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. IIates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolutions; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. K.
Doebler;
A bill (H. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ment;
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to pay to the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians;
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
A bill (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of W. Y.
Hansell, the heir.%ef W. H. Underwood, and the
representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Calloway;
A bill (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the legal
representatives of five deceased clerks in the Phil-
adelphia custom-house;
A bill (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon;
A bill (H.R. No. 237) for the relief of Anthony
Schlander;
A bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of Mary-
ett Van Buskirk;
A bill (H. R. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Franjois Guil-
lory;
A bill (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Lacy, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele;
A bill (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet MujorGeorge
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum;
A bill (H. R. No. 318) for the relief of Andrew
C.Marshall;
A bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of James
Phelan;
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Charles
James Lanman;
Abill(H. R. No. 344) fortheieliefofthe legal
representatives of Sylvester Day, late a surgeon
in the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogerson & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie;
A bill (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
A bill (H. R. No. 393) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Nathan Randall;
A bill (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the chil-
dren and heirs of Alexander Montgomery;
A bill (H. R. No. 627) for the relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
c6{isc(11
A bill (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Gottlieb
Scheerer;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 42) for the relief
of Henry Woods; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) for the relief
of John T. Robertson, of Virginia.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 305) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1860.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
to reconsider the vote by which the- amendment
allowing in teres t to the several States was adopted.
Mr. 1VERSON. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment that I offered
from the Committee on Ciaims, regulating the
mode of computing interest upon advances made
by sundry States to the General Goverament dur-
ing the war of 1812, was adopted by the Senate.
1 am constrained to consent to yield to the recon-
sideration of the vote, and I will state the reason
why I do so. The amendment as it now reads,
provides,
" That alt the States which have had or shall have re-
funded to them by the United States, moneys expended by
such States for military purposes during or since the war
of 1812 with Great Britain, which have not already been
paid interest upon the moneys so expended, shall now be
allowed interest so far as they have themselves paid or lost
interest."
It has been brought to my observation by cer-
tain Senators who are in favor of the principle
contained in the amendment, that it would be
better to place, in express terms, these States on
the same fooling that the twelfth section of the
act of 1857 placed the State of Maryland. That
act provided that the State of Maryland should
be allowed interest where she had either paid in-
terest or lost interest by the transfer of an interest-
bearing fund. The language of the amendment
is," where they have either paid or lost interest."
There being some ambiguity in the term " lost
interest," Senators who are in favor of the prop-
osition have requested me to change the amend-
ment so that it may read: " so far as they have
themselves either paid interest or lost interest by
the transfer of an interest-bearing fund;" that
being the very language adopted in the case of
Maryland. 1 am willing to agree to that arrange-
ment, although I do not know how it will operate.
I am not sure that any of fhe States will get any-
thing under the operation of the amendment in
that form; but that is precisely the principle of
settlement applied to the case of the State of
Maryland; and as the Committee on Claims did
not intend to go beyond the principle applied to
the State of Maryland, I am willing to use the
language of the act of 1857, and let the States
take what they can get under it. I had supposed
that the subsequent, language of this amendment
covered the provisions of the case of Maryland;
but Senators think it doubtful whether it does or
not, and I am willing to yield to their better judg-
ment, and so amend the amendment as to place
the case precisely in the very language of the act
of 1857, which was made applicable to the State
of Maryland. All I want is to place the other
States who made advances to the General Gov-
ernment in the war of 1812 upon precisely the
same footing that Maryland was placed on by the
act of 1857, and as Alabama was treated in the
computation of interest upon advances made by
her during the Creek war of 1836. I trust, there-
fore, the Senate will consent generally to let the
vote be reconsidered; and then I shall offer the
