1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1837
to the distinguished position of its author, but
with the utmost freedom and candor. I speak to-
day as a representative of the people and for the
people;,not as the representative of party or for
party. I speak to-day as an American citizen,
claiming every State and section and rood of the
Republic as part of my native country, that coun-
try which at last has but one Constitution and one
destiny. I do not intend, in anything I may this
day utter, to do injustice to any section of that
country, or to any of its interests.
The President of the United States, in this pa-
per, invokes all good citizens to strive to allay
" the demon spirit of sectional hatred and strife
now alive in the land." This sectional spirit, to
which the President refers, manifested itself upon
this floor during the first two months of this ses-
sion. It found fit, fierce, and expressive utterance
on the other side of this Chamber, amongst the
avowed political friends of the President himself,
ill their attempt to arraign and condemn sixty of
their peers here as the aiders and inciters of trea-
son, insurrection, and murder; and this, too, with-
out giving to the accused a hearing, without
testimony, in defiance of all law, and without
subjecting the conscience of these self-constituted
triers to the inconvenient obligation of an official
oath. While these gentlemen were thus attempt-
ing to enforce mob law on this floor, they were
loud in proclaiming that the inauguration of a
Republican President, elccted by the people in
conformity with the Constitution and laws, should
be resisted to the extremity of disunion and civil
war.
These were the enunciations with which our cars
were greeted for two months, pending the contest
for the organization of this House. If it was fit that
the President should rebuke this sectional spirit
among the people, it is fit that its manifestations
upon this floor should be rebuked as well; and it
is eminently fit that the sectional policy of the
President and of lus party should be rebuked 111
return by the whole people. There is so much
in the tone of this paper that is intensely sectional
that I am constrained to believe that the Presi-
dent's plaintive invocation to allay " the demon
spirit" was but smooth dissimulation, the better
to disguise the sectional policy of himself and his
party.
Sir, to put down forever this sectional party;
to put an end forever to this sectional strife, and
sectional innovation upon the Constitution and the
rights of the people, I am ready to join hands with
good men in every section of the tTnion. That is
a fell spirit, a demon spirit, which, under any
pretense or for any purpose, would strike down
all the defenses of law; would sweep away all the
landmarksof right and justice; would break down
the traditional policy of this Government as wise
as it is beneficent; which, instead of maintaining
and perpetuating peace between every section of
this country, would inaugurate and perpetuate
discord, which would fill this goodly land with
the lurid light of civil war; which would give its
peaceful homes to conflagration, and its citizens
to the sword; staining the white raiment of its
mountamsand the green vesture of its plains with
the blood of human sacrifice shed 111 that unnatu-
ral and unmatched atrocity fraternal strife.
Notwithstanding all 1 have heard, sir, upon this
floor, of threats of disunion and civil war, I do not
fear it; for there ism this Ian da power stronger than
armies, that new power born of the enlightened
intellect and conscience of the people—the power
of public opinion. That power speaks to-day,
through the pen and the press, the living voice and
the silent ballot. That power is stronger, I re-
peat, than armies. No, sir; notwithstanding all
these threats, there can be no conflict of arms be-
tween the great sections of this Union. This land,
consecrated to freedom and to man by the blood
of patriots and of martyrs, would refuse to bear
itp upon its holy ground an army of traitors. Lo-
cal rebellions there may be; but in the future, as
in the past, they will be suppressed by the popu-
lar will; by that majestic voice of the nation, at
whose lightest word the tumult of the mob is still,
and the wild, stormy sea of human passion is calm.
God is not in the whirlwind, nor in the earthquake,
nor in the storm.
The question to-day is not, how shall civil war
between the great sections of this Union be averted
—for that is not to be; it is an impossibility—but
the question of to-day is, how shall this sectional
party and this sectional strife be allayed ? I an-
swer, sir, that this sectional strife will never be
allayed by imitating the example, or adopting the
policy, of the President and his party; never,
while there is an honest head or an honest heart
in this land. Neither will this sectional strife be
allayed, but fostered rather, by the attempt, here
or else where, either by national or by State legisla-
tion, to enactsedition laws, by which to fetter the
conscience, or stifle the convictions, of American
citizens. This sectional strife will never be allayed
by the attempt here, or elsewhere, either by na-
tional or by State legislation, to annul the sacred
right of domicile, to make it a felony for any free-
man, born anywhere within the limits of the Re-
public, to live unmolested on the spot of his ori-
gin, so long as he behaves himself well, and it
pleases God to let him live.
This sectional strife never will be allayed by
the attempt to nationalize chattel slavery, to place
it under the shelter of the Federal Constitution,
and to maintain it in all the national domain,
either by force of a congressional slave code,
which the President recommends in this message,
or by force of territorial legislation, enacted by
virtue of congressional grants of power.
Sir, it is in such legislation as I have named, or
in the attempt to inaugurate such legislation, that
the President's party, sometimes misnamed the
Democratic party, lives, and moves, and has its
being. The time was, at the organization of this
Government, when it was conceded by every
State and every great statesman in the land that
it was the right and the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to exclude slave labor and chattel sla-
very from every rood of the national domain, and
to protect the free labor of freemen, not only in
the Territories of the United States, but m every
State of the Union, North, South, EaSt, and
West, and wherever the jurisdiction of the Gov-
ernment extended, either on the land or the sea.
In that day, sir, the grand words of the Consti-
tution " to establish justice, to promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings
of liberty," were not denounced as "glittering
generalities," or the utterances of "infant phi-
losophers;" but were reverently held, believed in,
and acted upon as absolute verities. Then, sir,
to promote the general welfare, Congress—the
Fn-stCongress—legislated forthegreatestgood of
the greatest number, by protecting the free labor
of the whole country; and to establish justice and
secure the blessings of liberty, that Congress re-
enacted the ordinance of 1787, (which had ceased
with the Confederation to be law,) for the gov-
ernment of all the national territory; declaring
thereby that so person therein should ever be
enslaved except for crime; or be deprived of life
or liberty but by due process of law and the judg-
ment of his peers; nor of his property, the prod-
uct of his toil, without just compensation. Un-
der the influence of this legislation, enacted in
the very spiritof the Constitution, and sanctioned
by the great name of Washington, the country
commenced its sublime march of independence;
and was not then, as now, possessed of that devil,
that demon spirit which to-day rends and dis-
tracts her.
In that day, sir, it was everywhere declared and
admitted that slavery did not exist by virtue of
the Constitution; that the Constitution! did not
operate on any class of men, black or white, as
property, but only and always as persons; that
the institution of slavery was purely local, sec-
tional, not national; existing only within the limits
of such of the States as tolerated it, and there only
I: by force of local, not national law; that slavery
' was a great evil to the master and slave, foreign
to the spirit of our laws and institutions, an evil
to be softened, not aggravated, to be got rid of and
ended, not to be spread into new lands to bo per-
petuated and eternized. Unhappily, the time came
m the history of the Republic, when these just
sentiments and this wise national legislation to
which I have referred, came to be questioned and
denounced.
This was the beginning of this sectional strife.
When and by whom was this strife inaugurated,
by whom has it been continued, and who and
what party are responsible for us continuance ?
In the year 1803, by a treaty of purchase, the
United States acquired from France the Territory
of Louisiana. This acquisition was made con-
fessedly without warrant in the Constitution,but
under a supposed public necessity. In 1804, an
organic act was passed for-the government, of-so
much of this Territory as lay south of the thirty-
third parallel of north latitude. By that act the
traffic in foreign and domestic slaves was prohib-
ited in that Territory, under the. penalty of fine
and the emancipation of the slaves. Jefferson, in
his approval of this act, was either igaorant or
careless of the alleged duty of this Government
to protect the slave property of the citizens of the
slave States in the national Territories. Jt was
clearly a violation of this alleged duty to provide
that the citizen should liottiafficin his slave prop-
erty in that Territory without subjecting him-
self to fine and forfeiture.
The subsequent organization of Missouri as a
slave State within that Territory, and her appli-
cation for admission as such into the Union, gave
rise to the first great sectional conflict, which was
finally determined by the admission of that State,
and the enactment of the compromise act of 1820,
by which chattel slavery was forever excluded
from all that territory ly ing west of Missouri and
north of the parallel of 36° 30' north latitude.
After this compromise the nation reposed in
peace, and its policy in favor of free territory
and the protection of free labor was deemed set-
tled, until about the year 1830, when, under the
beneficent effects of this policy, it became appar-
ent that, unless it was abandoned, slavery itself
must give way and cease to be in the slave States,
by the general consent and in obedience to the
ever-increasing demands for free labor. Then, sir,
Maryland tolerated open and active efforts among
her citizens for the abolition of domestic slavery.
Then Kentucky tolerated like efforts for the abo-
lition of slavery among her citizens; and Virginia
saw and felt in every fiber of her existence that
she must either throw off that giant wrong or
perish by reason of its continuance. Her Legis-
lative Assembly about that timefcngaged in a de-
bate on the question of the total abolition of the
system; some of her ablest citizens insisting upon
it, foremost among whom was a distinguished
gentleman who, butthe other day, was appointed
our minister plenipotentiary to Franco, (Mr.
Faulkner,) who repeated the expressive and pro-
phetic admonition of Jefferson: "You mustadopt
some plan of emancipation, or worse will follow."
It was then, sir, that in the South this sectional
strife was again renewed, by opposing emancipa-
tion and by making war upon the great and be-
neficent policy of protection to free labor. That
strife was by the South brought into these Halls,
and here inaugurated, by demanding that the sys-
tem of protecting and encouraging the free labor
of the freemen of this country by legislation
should be abandoned. That sectional party in the
South, then as now, ostracized every open and
avowed friend of emancipation and of' protection
to free labor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to say ta
the gentleman from Ohio 
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not want the
gentleman to say that Virginia did that. Some of
her politicians did it, but Virginia repudiated it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am speaking of her pol-
iticians; and I wish to say that then, ever since,
and now, the South had and has men superior to
all such narrow, bigoted, selfish, mercenary preju-
dices and practices; but, unhappily, the gentleman
from Virginia is not one of them. Whatever pre-
texts may have been urged, the real purpose of
the South m assailing this policy of protection
was to secure an advantage to the slave owners of
the South at the expense of the free laborers of the
whole country, North and South. The abandon-
ment of this system for such a purpose involved
the practical application, in the legislation of the
country, of the specious dogma that the Constitu-
tion was made for the minority; it involved the
specific disavowal of the expressed intent and pur-
pose of the Constitution, "the promotion of the
general xeelfare," of the greatest good of the great-
est number; it involved the sacrifice of the inter-
ests of tiie many for the benefit of the few. What
was this, sir, but a demand that Congress should
so legislate as to make slave labor more profitable
and free labor less profitable ?
That has been the demand, the end, and aim of
this sectional party, from that day to this. The
watchword of this party then was, and still is, the
