-2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
The1 Senator from Illinois offers an amendment
■which will enlarge the class that are to be paid
very considerably. In rising in the beginning to
ask for a reconsideration, it was not with any ref-
erence to the improvement of the amendment that
was offered. I simply desired to object to the man-
ner in which aclaim of $1,600,000, as presented to
us, was thrust upon the Senate, by which one
branch of the Legislature should attempt to over-
ride the other branch and the Executive of theUni-
ted States, and render itself self-supreme, in its
opinion, by thrusting in a claim of this character on
a bill necessary to the whole Government, saying
in effect, " unless you pass this amendment upon
the appropriation bill, the wheels of Government
shall be stopped." I rose then to object to this
kind of proceeding, which gave special prefer-
ences and special benefits to the claim of sovereign
States that were asking benefits; asking; for new
settlements where old ones had been made. 1 was
for distinctly compelling them to go back to the
same position with all other classes of creditors
of the United States; to have their case consid-
ered upon a full report, and to be acted upon in a
separate bill. I accordingly asked that the subject
might be reconsidered; and it has been.
The Senate have already had one example be-
fore them, in the imperfection of this amendment,
of the danger of this mode of legislation. The
very author of it has this morning assented to
tlie reconsideration, which, but for the movement
made the other day, never would have been had,
for the purpose of perfecting the amendment. It
has been submitted here without the consider-
ation which is implied in a report from a com-
mittee, and, I believe, there arc not five Senators
who can rise in their seats and say what States
are to receive this §1,600,000, nor what the amount
will in reality be.
Sir, I charge that the appropriation by this
amendment will fall but little short, if it does not
go beyond, the amount of $2,000,000; and that is
the character of legislation we are asked to carry
on hero. I find that the estimates from the Treas-
ury Department are made up to the 1st of Janu-
ary, 1859. At that time the claim of Virginia
amounted to §1,076,000. That is the sum to be
granted to that State. By this proposition, up to
the 1st of January, 1 am informed that there is an
error in the estimate. 1 suppose the same error
was committed with regard to the other States;
but I do not know which the other States are. If
an error has occurred in that instance, I suppose
in each of the other States the same error may
exist. That estimate was a calculation by the
accounting officers, based upon the interest up to
the time they sent it here; but that was eighteen
months ago; and there will be two years more of
interest to be added to the sum which this amend-
ment is to appropriate, which will carry the
amount from $1,600,000 up to $2,000,000.
Gentlemen come here and attempt to attach such
a proposition as this to an appropriation bill.
Why do they do it? They can get up a senti-
ment, when nobody has felt an interest in investi-
gating this matter and in resisting it, that there is
justice in it. How? They say there is justice
in it upon the score that the method of calcula-
ting the interest is not just. Even that I utterly
deny;and I think those whoare more capable than
myself can take the same facts and make it plain
and palpable that it would be scandalous to reopen
these accounts and change the manner of com-
puting that interest. It would be not only a scan-
dalous outrage, but it would be felt by this Gov-
ernment, for how many years it is utterly impos-
sible to tell. It would carry us back in the settle-
ment of accounts to 1776; and then, sir, we shall
find ourselves so swamped that we shall have to
acknowledge that we cannot do all the justice we
would, and we must crush some, whilst we have
already uplifted and enriched others. That will
be the effect of it.
I do not like this method of attempting, by an
amendment on an appropriation bill, to change the
principle of settlements in favor of States, we do
not know who, for sums, we do not know how
much; and upon calculations made some years
ago, and not brought down to the present time, in
which everything is uncertain, and on which there
is no report. You are not cited to the number of
laws enacted on this subject from 1826 up to 1837.
None of those laws—and there are a number of
them—are referred to here. None of them have
been examined; none looked into by those whose
duty, and whose pleasure, if not their pride, it
would have been to look into them, if they knew
that this matter was to be brought before us as a
separate measure. What characteristic of feeble-
ness and weakness, and of appealing power to
the sympathy of men, is there in the character of
this claim that would cause you to trust it upon
an appropriation bill, when it is capable of being
sustained by the authorized constitutional agents
of the claimants themselves upon this floor as
part of the judges who shall determine in regard
to it? There is nothing in it which would lead
you to put it forward as a claim that could com-
mand no special advocacy on this floor. There
is nothing in it which should induce you, in order
to get consideration for a really hard and difficult
and unfortunate case, to thrust it upon the con-
sideration of the Senate. I would be obliged to
the Senator from Georgia if he would state how
many States there are that are interested in this
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I will respond when I address
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator from Georgia, that unless he has an
objection to it, I should be obliged to him, and it
may be somewhat necessary, perhaps, for the
purposes of what I have to say, if he will allow
me to ask him for the list of States that are to
be paid this sum of $1,600,000, or, as 1 think,
$2,000,000. I shall be obliged to him if he will
name the States, and the amount each State is to
receive.
Mr. IVERSON. I will give a short history of
the case to the Senator. No doubt he has seen
the very papers I have in my hand, but the facts
contained in them have escaped his memory. In
1858, two years ago, this very amendment, which
I now offer, was offered upon the miscellaneous
bill, as it is called.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. What is the
name of that paper ? Perhaps I have got it.
Mr. IVERSON. It is a synopsis of the pro-
ceedings in this case, and present! d to each Sen-
ator. Every Senator has had one, I understand.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. H it Atkin-
son's report ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; it is not a report at
all. It is a synopsis of the action of Congress
on this subject. If the Senator will allow me, I
will explain it, and he will have no difficulty in
understanding it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. Two years ago, I was going
on to .say, in reply to the question of the Senator
from Arkansas, 1 reported from the Committee
on Claims, under their instruction, an amendment
to the miscellaneous bill in the words of the pres-
ent amendment, with the exception of the addition
which is now made in relation to the division of
interest between Maine and Massachusetts and
the addition of the city of Baltimore. The mis-
cellaneous bill, with that amendment which was
adopted by the Senate, went to the House of Rep-
resentatives. The House of Representatives
struck out that amendment, and inserted the fol-
lowing in lieu of it:
'• That the Secretary of tlic Treasury be instructed to re-
port to Congress, at its next lesular session, all applications
made by the constituted authouties of the SUU'[.-J and cities
fur the reopening and ie[cx]amination ot' the settlements
heretofore made with such State[s] and cities, and report
the punciple of icadjustmcnts upon \yiiieh Mi eh claim is
based, and ttie amount tiiereot. And the Secretary of the
Treasury is further instiuctcd to report to Concrcss, at its
next regular session, the gross amount that will he required
to pay such claim to the States and eitics of the United
States."
That amendment, put in by the House of Rep-
resentatives, was concurred in by the Senate and
became a law. It instructed the Secretary of the
Treasury to do these things: to report what States
had demanded this readjustment, and the princi-
ples upon which they demanded a readjustment,
and the correct amount of how much was due to
each State upon the principles thus demanded.
That was responded to by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in a report which was laid upon the
Senators' desks at the commencement of the last
session of Congress. Doubtless the Senator saw
it and all other Senators saw it, but it has proba-
bly escaped from their recollection. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury referred this section of the
miscellaneous bill to the accounting officers of the
Treasury to report; and they have made a report
which has been put upon the desk of every Sen-
ator. The Second Auditor's report says that the
amounts required to be paid to the various States
are as follows: these are the States that have
come forward under the language of the provision
inserted by the House, and have made this de-
mand upon the Treasury for the readjustmentof
their accounts. The Second Auditor reports that
the amounts are as follows: Maine, $21,223 92;
Virginia,$2,463 85; Tennessee, $1,411 78; Geor-
gia, §30,831 25; making a total of $55,930 80.
That is the report of the Second Auditor. The
Third Auditor reports that under the same law it
has been ascertained there will be due to South
Carolina, on readjustment, $202,230 90; due Vir-
ginia, $1,076,683 35; due Delaware, §18,540 97;
due New York, $48,896 21; due Pennsylvania,
$218,507 71; due thecity of Baltimore, $23,662 55;
which addedupamount to $1,588,521 69; making
the aggregate of the two leports a little over
$1,600,000. Thereisalltheinformation, andthat
comes from the Treasury Department, under that
section of the miscellaneous bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. Well, Mr.
President, there are only five States and one city
that have come in with a demand, and it amounts
to a little upwards of $1,600,000. We suppose
that in acting upon this amount we are acting
upon what is actually due, and the amountwhich
the amendment will call upon the Treasury of the
United States to refund; but I will state that that
account and these estimates were made up to the
1st of January, 1859. If I am wrong, the Sena-
tor will correct me.
Mr. IVERSON. What did the Senator state?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Thattheseac-
counts are up to the 1st of January, 1859, andthat
when we shall have to pay under his amendment
we shall be compelled to pay up to the date of set-
tlement, making about eighteen months up to the
present time.
Mr. IVERSON. I apprehend this report was
made up to the 1st of December, 1859, at the com-
mencement of the last session. The report came
in at the last session, under this provision of the
miscellaneous bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
informs me that it is up to December, 1859. That,
then, I presume, is as fair a proposition as we
could grant. Then, I suppose, the estimate comes
within about a year of the interest we shall have
to pay if we pass this proposition; but it will
carry it largely over $1,600,000.
Now, sir, the manner m which the whole of this
account is made is by changing the method of the
computation of interest; and that is the real point
of difference. The whole of these claims were
once settled, principal and interest. I leave the
point which is raised by the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, because it is too palpably
just, as it occurs to me, to require further argu-
ment; that is, that all the States should be paid
back interest, if any are paid. The pointof this
case is upon the method of computing interest on
claims that were considered and fully paid and
settled upon a principle agreed upon and allowed
many years ago. In some instances the settle-
ments were made further back than in others,
and not always at the same precise point of time.
Numbers of acts were passed in which they set-
tled, and in those settlements they paid up. Sub-
sequently, perhaps in 1832, a general act was
passed, m which it was sought to settle with all
of them upon a new principle of computation of
interest. It was brought forward and passed in
the last days of the session; and then it was that,
in Jackson's administration, the bill came to him,
and, as it it was expressed in that day, was put
in his pocket. He would not sign it. As the
message is very short, 1 will read it. It related
to two points that will strike everyone as having
equal force to-day with the force they had at that
tune. On the 6th of December, 1832, President
Jackson sent this veto message to the Senate:
Washington, December 6,1839.
u To the Senate of the United States:
" I avail myself of this eariy opportunity to return to the
Senate, m which it originated, the bill entitled kAn act
providing lor the final settlement of the claims of States
for mteieston advances to the United States, made during;
the last war,' with the reasons which induced me to with-
hold my approbation, m consequence of which it lias failed
to become a law.
" This bill was presented to me for my signature on the
last day ol your session, and when 1 was compelled to
consider a variety of other bills of greater urgency to the
