818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
must ere long, unless arrested, result in a train of
the most terrible and disastrous consequences that
has ever before afflicted this great nation. Periods
of excitement and agitation have often occurred
since the foundation of this Governmen t. A glow-
ing and patriotic devotion to the Union, Jiowever,
sopn caused thexoto pass away. The wounds that
hod been inflicted were rapidly healed, and the
great body-politic again and again moved on with
itsaccustomcdvigor, quietude.andharmony. But,
dir, I greatly fear that the elements of malevolence
and sectional strife, now abroad in this land, are
of a more permanentand terrific character. They
have been directed and controlled by political dem-
agogues and fanaties, of a consummate tact and
ability. Mercenary men, who have slowly mid
gradually infused into the public mind their per-
nicious and destructive principles, and who are
now on the eve of attacking,-through the machin-
ery of the General Government, with a bold and
defiant hand, the great citadel of our rights, the
Constitution of the United States—the great writ-
ten compact by which alone the rights and equal-
ity of the sovereign States of this Confederacy can
be preserved.
Sir, at that eventful period when the Constitu-
tion was adopted by the fathers of the Republic,
and accepted by the sovereign States of the Union,
slavery, negro slavery, was an existing institu-
tion in twelve of the thirteen States of the Con-
federacy. A large majority of the members that
composed the convention and originated and
formed that federative compact, were the absolute
owners of slaves. It was a domestic institution
that had been introduced and established by the
Puritan fathers, and perpetuated and fostered by
their descendants. It was regarded, at the time of
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, as one of
the institutions of the country, to be-preserved
and protected by that sacred instrument. Prom
that day to this it has received the sanction and
protection of the executive, legislative, and judicial
departments of the Fedei'al Government. It was
an institution in regard to which all of the States
possessed the power, in the exercise of tliek indi-
vidual sovereignty, to dispose of, whenever the
people, in their wisdom,mightdeem it proper and
expedient so to do. We know that the climate
and productions of the North rendered slave labor
unprofitable, and that it was the instinctive prin-
ciple of gain, the philanthropy of dollars and cents,
by which they were impelled to rid themselves of
what they now, with "pretentious piety," call
the sin of slavery, "the sum of all villainies."
They effected it under the disguise of what they
falsely termed gradual emancipation; the true defi-
nition of which was the grant of sufficient time to
enable most of them to sell their slaves to the plant-
ers of the southern States. That being accom-
plished, many of them now, in a spirit of pliari-
saical zeal and wild fanaticism, insist that slavery
shall be abolished in all the States of the Union;
that it is an "inhuman and infamous institution,"
" a relic of barbarism, alike offensive to civiliza-
tion and Christianity."
These men of the North, whose fathers were
originally responsible for the introduction of sla-
very, who clamored for and carried on the Afri-
can slave trade up to 1808, the last day of its con-
stitutional limitation; who invested the proceeds
of human beings sold into perpetual bondage, in
land, houses and stocks; whose wealth, power,
and influence have been principally augmented by
slave labor, and who would literally starve with- •
out the commercial intercourse of the slave States,
are now demanding that we shall surrender out
, slave property to satisfy their ideas of humanity
and freedom. Is not such demand presumptu-
ously unreasonable. and insolently unjust ? Tht'y
declare, however, that it is not their purpose to
interfere with the relation of master and slave in
the States. Now, I propose to test their sincerity
by their conduct and acts.
The great compact entered into between the
sovereign States of the Confederacy—and which
each was bound faithfully to observe—declares
tliat
" No person held to sorvice or labor in one State under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor; but shall be delivered up on the claim
of the party to whom such service or labor may be due."
Now, I affirm that it is the duty of the northern
States, claimingtheprotection of the General Gov-
ernment, and participating in all the blessings that
flow from it, to act up to all the requirements of
the Constitution, and yield a hearty assent and
enforcement to all its obligations. This proposi-
tion, I presume, will not be denied byany honest,
patriotic, Union-loving citizen of the non-slave-
holding States. And yet, strange to tell, this
provision of the Constitution, so essentially and
indispensably necessary to the protection of south-
ern property, and without which the Constitution
never would have been ratified, has been either
publicly and defiantly violated or utterly disre-
garded in the northern States.
In 1850, Congress, in the exercise of this power,
and with a view to the protection of slave prop-
erty, enacted what is termed the " fugitive slave
act." In less than ten years one half of the
non-slaveholding States have, by legislation, at-
tempted—and that successfully—to prevent the
execution of this law, and deny to us the means
provided by the Constitution for the recapture of
our fugitive slaves. Is not this a palpable viola-
tion of good faith on their part ? Is it not a great
enormity, of which we of the South have the
right to complain—bitterly complain; and which
should, very naturally and justly, lessen our re-
spect for the people of the 'North, and create in
our bosoms feelings of indignation and enmity
towards them ? Suppose the horses and cattle of
the people of Illinois, a State adjoining my dis-
trict, should escape from their owners to Mis-
souri, and we should refuse to surrender them,
and absolutely seek, by legislation, to prevent
them from the recovery of their property: would
they not have a right to complain ? Would they
not be justified, in the estimation of all civilized
and Christian people on earth, in denouncing us
as thieves and robbers ? Would it be possible for
them to entertain for us sentiments of common
respect, or feelings of ordinary friendship? Would
they not regard us unfit for the association of hon-
orable men? Would they not cease all intercourse
with us, socially and commercially ? Can the peo-
ple of the North, then, expect us to treat them
differently, while they continue to rob us of our
slave property by legislation and underground
railroads? The Black Republican party, how-
ever, undertake to justify such conduct, by the
assertion that negroes, being human beings, are
not property, and therefore entitled to their free-
dom.
This pretended justification, false in theory and
cruel in practice, cannot avail them, without de-
liberately, wilfully, and knowingly trampling the
Constitution under their unhallowed feet. It is
the only protection wc have afforded to us in the
Union, for the preservation of our property, and
if they refuse to yield to us this constitutional
guaranty, can they, ought they, to expect us to
remain in the Union and submit to it? Mr .Web-
ster, in his speech at Capon Springs, Virginia, in
1851, said:
u I do not hesitate to say and repeat that if the northern
States refuse willfully and deliberately to carry into effect
that part of the Constitution which respects the restoration
of lugitive slaves, the South would no longer be bound to
observe the compact. A baigain broken on one side is
broken on all sides."
Were they situated as we are—entertaining the
same views in relation to negro slavery that we
of the South do—would they submit to it? Is it
not taxing our patriotism to an extent that we
cannot endure and retain our self-respect? Do
they not suppose that it is humiliating to the
South to behold them in the full enjoyment of the
protection and benefits of the Constitution and
Union, and they denied them? Do they think it
reasonable to conclude that American citizens,
who have been taught from their infancy to know*
and appreciate their rights, and to guard them
with a vigilant and determined purpose to allow
no violation of them, will long submit to such
wrong and oppression? If they do, I can only
say that in my judgment they are most certainly
and fatally deceived.
I have the honor of representing, in part, a
State bounded on the north, east, and west by
free States; my district extends one hundred and
twenty miles along the line of Illinois; my con-
stituents lose every year not less than thirty or
forty thousand dollars' worth of slave property.
They are persuaded and aided, in most instances,
by the abolition Republicans of Illinois. It is
very seldom that we ever recapture one after he
crosses the Mississippi river, the dividing line be-
tween Missouri and Illinois. Occasionally -they
are arrested by some honest, constitution-loving
Democrat, andreturned to their masters; but nine-
teen twentieths are never recovered. If they rcach
the abolition city of Chicago, they are forever
lost; for it is as much as a man's life is worth to
attempt to reclaim his property after it gets into
the hands of the abolition thieves that infest that
city.
Now, Mr. Chairman, permit me to remark—for
I do not intend to argue the question; we of the
South think that the time for argument is past—
that we honestly and conscientiously believe that  
the very best condition in which the African can
be placed is that of slavery. We believe that a
master is necessary to the support, comfort,'laid
happiness of the slave—necessary to the promo-
tion of his highest interests as a moral, social,
and religious "being. We are satisfied that the
history of the African race proves mostincontest-
ably that they areunfit, intellectually and morally,
for self-government—for the enjoyment of civil
liberty. Our knowledge and observation as to the
effect produced by freedom on those manumitted
in our midst (and we have a much larger number
of free negroes in the slave States than you have
in the free States) establish, incontrovertibly ,that
the greatest misfortune that can befall the negro,
in a great majority of cases, is to have bestowed
upon him his liberty.
And at this point m my remarks, I desire to
read the following extracts from a letter of Com-
modore Stockton, addressed to Daniel Webster
in 1850:
"1. Of all the races of men with which history and travel
have acquainted Us, there is none so sunk beyond all hope
of self-restoration as the African on his wide continent. In
ignorance so utter, that he is elevated little above the bnite;
in superstition &o gross, that it drags him even lower than the
brute; without a thought of liberty, he is the sport of tyranny
in-its lowest, meanest, and most cruel forms ; he has noth-
ing he can call his own; he lias no idea of God. of justice,
of moral obligation, ot the rights of persons or property In
a word,' Africa has long forgotten God, and God has aban-
doned Africa—but not, 1 trust; forever.' From such a land
and such a condition—sold, bartered away by his country-
men—the slave was brought to these shores while we were
colonists and subject to British law. Here he is in a civ-
ilized and Christian country; he has more opportunities of
enlightenment than he would have had in Africa; he is, as
a general rule, treated with kindness; he is protected from
want m sickness and old age; and is, on the whole, better
off, safer, happier, than he would have been in his nati\e
country.
"2. But, in the second place, with the moral character
ol the act bringing the slave to this country, we have noth-
ing to do. We find him here;«the thing is done. So far
as the slave-trade is concerned, we have acted on that, and
abolished it. Slavery was introduced in other times and
under other auspices. It existed when the Government was
established ; an institution which could not be got rid ot—
which had, of necessity, to be tolei.ued. Slaves had beeu
made piopeity m the colonies by British law. The Gov-
ernment found it an existing institution, and the Constitu-
tion left it so—of necessity imperative and uncontrollable—
to be acted on exclusively by the States; subject to the
molding and changing and controlling opinions ajid con-
sciences ol those concerned.
"3. fn the third place, every considerate man sees that,
in the present condition of things, slavery cannot be imme-
diately and absolutely abolished. We mu<-t reason about
things as they are—not as we might wish them to be. The
slave is property ;4ie became so by a law of our common an-
cestors ; he was left in that condition by the law of our com-
mon father*, who founded the Republic. The burden of this
purchase should be borne, in all justice, equally by our citi-
zens, jmd we are not ready to pay the price. But it we were
ready, ne is not in a condition tp take care of himself. He
has not the eulture, the training, the experience, necessary
to self-dependence. And where is he to go ? No reflect-
ing man is prepared to say he is willing to have three mil-
lion slaves turned loose in the States, to fill the prisons and
poor-houses and alms-houses of the country, or to live by
plunder on the community. What, too, is to be hi« lot fnr
the future in such a case ? Is lie to live in oui midf-t as a
marked and degraded being, through all time, or are wo
prepared to place him on an equality with us. civilly and
socially? Are we ready lor amalgamation ?
"If the toleration of slavery—if the permission for its
existence in any part of the Union was a great national
crime—when, and by whom, was that crime committed?
At the formation of the Government, at the adoption of the -
Constitution, and by the Washington**, the Roger Sher-
mans, the Ilamiltons, the Madi^ons, the Franklin*-, the
Pinkneys, of the land—by «uoh men a-* Livingston and Pat-
terson, Brearlyand Dayton of my own native Suite, ap-
proved and sanctioned with unparalleled uiiammnv by the
North and South. Under its auspices, i need not say u tth
what gfant strides the Republic has advanced to pi earner
and prosperity, nor that Heaven has smiled propitiously
upon our common heritage."
Sir, I have no hesitation in asserting that the
condition of the negroes in the South is far bet-
ter than thousands and tens of thousands of those
persons in the free States, who are dependant
upon the avaricious monopolists and nabobs of
the North for the small pittance they receive for
their labor; and who, with their families, are
