m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
and allow him the yote which he then got. He
is perfectly conscious—and his course here shows
it—that the vote cast in St. Louis county, in 1858,
was a, fraudulent vote, and he must find some way
to account for it. So he says that I received the
fraudulent vote, and that he got the Benton vote.
The testimony shows that he had abandoned
Colonel Benton two years before; and yet he
had the audacity in the committee-room to claim
that he was a Benton man. I differed with Col-
onel Benton when he supported Mr. Cass, and I
supported Van Buren and Adams. But I also
supported him, and he supported me; and to his
support, unquestionably, I was indebted for my
election in 1856, and for the votes I got in 1858,
even after he was dead. He lived to repent his
support of Mr. Buchanan's administration, and
gave into my hands a resolution, which I offered
m this House, m his own handwriting, denouncing
the Administration and the platform on which it
stood. He lived to repent his support of Buch-
anan. 1 had nothing to repent, because I had
never supported that Administration, nor had I
supported Mr. Buchanan when he was a candi-
date.
The gentleman himself says that my election
was hailed all over the North as a triumph of
Republicanism in a slave State. That every man
here can testify to. It was so accepted North and
South. There was no disguising the attitude
which I then occupied, any more than there is the
attitude which I now occupy. There was more
hazard then in occupying that position than there
has been atany time since. The very speech from
which the gentleman quotes was made by me in
the Legislature of the State of Missouri, in 1855,
when men who held my sentiments in that State
were not allowed to open their mouths in many
parts of the State. 1 deem it a great honor that
1 was the only man in the Legislature who dared
to make such a speech—if I may use such an ex-
pression in connection with myself. I denounced
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, and the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, while the
entire Democracy of Missouri was in arms,
throwing men's presses into the river, intercept-
ing'their passage to another Territory, and per-
forming what 1 then deemed and denounced as
tross outrages on the rights of citizens of other
tates.
And now, because some of those who sup-
ported Mr. Buchanan supported me also, and
because a newspaper which was in my favor was
also in favor of Mr. Buchanan's administration,
those facts are raked up against me. The gen-
tleman says I had written a letter in favor of the
restoration of the Missouri compromise. Let me
read a brief extract from that letter. As to the
Missouri compromise, I said:
li I have no hesitation in avomng that I was opposed to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, arul that I am in favor
of its restoration
This was the position which gave me my nom-
ination. This was the attitude which I held before
the people, as is shown by the report which I
have read from a paper hostile to my election.
The gentleman cannot refer to a solitary word
that 1 ever uttered anywhere, showing that I gave
quarter, in a political sense, to the institution of
slavery in my own district, or anywhere else.
But a newspaper which supported mo supported
Mr. Buchanan. How many Frce-Soilers sup-
norted Mr. Buchanan in Pennsylvania, under
the cry of "Buck, Breck, free Kansas, and the
tariff?" And those who did support him lived to
regret the support which they gave him. Chief
among them was Colonel Benton himself. In
the county of St. Louis Mr. Buchanan received
5,500 votes, and Mr. Fillmore received a majority
over him of 3,500 votes-, although Colonel Benton
supported Mr. Buchanan, and went to St. Louis
and made a speech for him on the Saturday night
before the election, throwing all the weight of his
power and influence in his favor. And yet he
fell short some 4,000 votes of what the gentleman
is pleased to denominate the combined vote of the
Democracy. And if he should be now a candi-
date in St. Louis, I do not think he could get the
vote that was then given to Mr. Reynolds.
Why do we not, as the gentleman says, give
to Mr. Barret the vote which he received in 1852?
Simply because, when he received that vote, he
was a candidate of what was known as the Ben-
ton party, and he has shown us by his own wit-
nesses, in answer to his own questions, in the
evidence in this very case, that he has since de-
serted that party. Mr. Wade testifies, (page
832:)
" Question. Do you know when it was, and at what
flection, that Mr. Barret ceased to vote with the Benton
party ?
"Answer. I do not know exactly; it is three years, I
think; it may ho more; i am not positive.
" Question. Was it not at the election in 1856, when
Colonel Benton ran for Governor and when Mi. Blair ran
in his place for Congress?
"Answer. I think lUvvas about that time."
That is about the time he deserted Mr. Benton;
and now he wants the House to give him orcdit
for the Benton vote. Look at the first ward, the
second ward, and all the wards of the city where
Mr. Benton received his vote when he was a
candidate. Mr. Barret received no votes there.
I got my votes in the same wards where Benton
received them, and I received them before. Mr.
Barret received votes where such votes were
never found before, and in places from which
they have disappeared sincc.
Pie received votes where certainly no Benton
Democrat ever received any vote before.
A man writes him a letter, which he has got in
his pocket, in which this man told him that I
would support Buchanan's administration.
Mr. BAllRET. The gentleman can have the
letter read, if he desires.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I do not desire it.
I do not care anything about it. I made no such
declaration.
Mr. BARRET. I have the letter from a very
respectable man in St. Louis.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Itis a falsehood, no
matter from whom it comes, or by whom in-
dorsed.
Mr. BARRET. I will have it read, if the gen-
tleman wants to hear it.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to these interrup-
tions. I do not know whom this letter is from, or
what it is. I hope the contestant will be allowed
to proceed without interruption.
Mr. BARRET. I only proposed to have the
letter read, if the gentleman desired it.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Thegentleman then
reads an article from the St. Louis Democrat. It
was certainly very unexpected to me to have an
article reproduced here, written years ago by some
too partial friend of mine, who, in his enthusiasm,
pronounccd me the u star Representative." As
a fair offset to that, I give the gentleman the ben-
efit of the nssoitions of letter writers from here,
representing the sitting member as " the hand-
some man of the House." [Laughter.]
The gentleman says that he had aletterin which
Colonel Benton said he had been betrayed by me.
He has no such letter. He never said so. Col-
onel Benton did write a letter, in which he said he
was opposed to emancipation in Missouri, and
that that was his life-long policy, and intimating
that some who were his friends were emancipa-
tionists. 1 did not consider then, nor do I now
acknowledge having at any time in my brief po-
litical career supposed, that what was Colonel
Benton's policy must needs be my policy.
I did not do so upon the first occasion that I
came into political life; I did not do so when this
issue of emancipation in the State of Missouri
was thrust by the national Democrats upon those
who held the opinions I held; because it must be
recollected that we avoided at that time any agi-
tation of this question of slavery. Finding that
those who were emancipationists at that time in
the State were not prepared, and did notdesire, to
make the question, the national Democrars determ-
ined to make the issue, and accordingly brought
forward a resolution in the Legislature of the
State of Missouri m which they said that eman-
cipation should not be the policy of the State of
Missouri, and ought not to be. As a matter of
course, those of us who held to the opinion that
it ought to be the policy of Missouri could not
vote for such a resolution, and came out boldly in
opposition to it. Colonel Benton did not hold to
that policy. It so happened that I did—a much
younger man, and much less man in every re-
spect, unquestionably, so much so that I dislike
to speak of myself in this way in connection with
him. Nevertheless, I have always proclaimed
my views upon every public question where they
came in opposition with those of Colonel Benton.
High as was his position, great as were my re-*
spect and love for him personally, it has never
been sufficient to prevent me from holding to a
ground to which 1 was conscientiously devoted,
because it did not meet with his assent. And he was
kind enough, notwithstanding I made my views
known in public through speeches in reference to
this question, to bestow his confidence upon me
to an extent which few enjoyed. He regarded
me as one of las best friends, which I have al-
ways been.
The gentleman quoted doggerel—that ishisforte
—he ought to devote himself to that business. He
says that I am ijeady to " wire in, and wire out;5'
that I am ready'to stand upon any platform. Be-
cause there arc those who supported Colonel Ben-
ton in the Jefferson City convention for Governor
upon the platform there adopted, it is no evidence
that some of those who supported him were not
Republicans in principle I supported Colonel
Benton, notwithstanding those resolutions; and
because, as the gentleman says, the convention
which nominated me was pleased to indorse the
resolutions of the State convention—as to which
my memory does not sene me—(for I took vciy
little trouble about the matter, my own opinions
having been made known prior to that nomin-
ation, and my own opinions having been pro-
claimed subsequent to my nomination)—the gen-
tleman says I was committed in favor of the
extension of slavery. Sir, I never cared anything
about their platform, if they had such a platform,
which I very much doubt. But who is this gen-
tleman to whom this wiring in and wiring out
seems to give so much horror? He wired in
from the Whig party into the Benton party, and
then wired into the Know Nothing party, and
then wired into the Administration Democracy.
Mr. BARRET. I say to the gentleman that I
never was a Whig in my life. I have always
been a Democrat from fourteen years up.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I may have done
the gentleman injustice as to that, but he went
into the Know Nothing organization; there can
be no doubt of that.
Mr. BARRET. You cannot bring the wit-
nesses to prove it.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I can produce the
gentleman two witnesses who will prove it.
Mr. BARRET. I say you cannot prove it.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I gave the gentle-
man the names of the witnesses in my canvass,
and told him upon the stump to call them to prove
it, ifhe dared. Their names were Belt and Waite.
One gentleman told me that he heard in a Know
Nothing lodge the first oath propounded to him.
Thegentleman never called upon them to deny it,
although it would have been perfectly easy to
havedoneso, if there had been any denial of it.
Mr. BARRET. I do not wish to interrupt the
contestant or take up his time, but 1 should like
to set that matter right.
■ Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BARRET. During the canvass, I asked
Mr. Breckinridge, the candidate of the Know
Nothing party, in the presence of those who had
made this charge against me, whether he had ever
seen or known of my being in a Know Nothing
lodge? He replied that he had not. I asked
lam whether, if 1 had been there, he should have
known it? He replied he should. That is what
I said upon the stump, and the gentleman knows
it every word of it.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I have no doubt
about that; still the fact remains that the gentle-
man was nominated upon the Benton Democratic
ticket, and at that time claimed the Benton Demo-
| cratic vote for himself, and it was at that time
these two witnesses stated to me the fact which
1 have stated here.
Mr. BARRET. I would like those witnesses
to produce the testimony.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) He never asked Mr.
Waite or the others whether the allegations were
true or not, or whether they had stated this thing
to me or not.
Mr. BARRET. If the gentleman will allow
