1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
excrcisc its admitted power of legislation for the
protection of liberty and right either in that Ter-
ritory or in Utah.
Yes, sir; the free North, with her twenty nail-
lion of freemen, for the sake of peace, submitted
to the humiliation of the demand of this sectional
party, that in those vast Territories the law of
God should not be reenacted, as Mr. Webster
called the law of liberty. That great man nowsleep-
ing in his tomb by the great sea, at the demand
of this power yielded up his own convictions, and
not only consented to this, but joined with others
in yielding a reluctant assent to the enactment of
the fugitive slave law of 1850; a law which, m di-
rect violation of the Constitution, transfers the
judicial power from judges duly appointed l>y the
'President, with the consent of the Senate, to irre-
sponsible commissioners appointed by the circuit
courts, tendering them a bribe of five dollars if,
upon cx parte evidence—the affidavit of some un-
known man, taken in the rice swamps of Florida,
it may be, before some justice of the peace—he
shall adjudge a man brought before him on his
warrant a fugitive slave, guilty of the crime of
preferring liberty to bondage.
That flagitious law insults the conscience of the
people by declaring it a crime to exercise thathigh-
est duty enjoined by God upon man—-charity.
That law also discriminates most offensively m
favor of slave property over all other movable
property, by providing that the slave owner, or
claimant, may, on las affidavit, have his property
restored to him at the national expense; while, if
the cattle of a northern farmer escape into another
State, he must reclaim them at his own expense.
I should like to be informed of the constitutional
provision for this discrimination. Can it be ac-
counted for upon any other hypothesis than that
this Government is made exclusively to expand,
maintain, and protect the slave institution, and to
legislate exclusively for the pecuniary and polit-
ical benefit of three hundred and fifty thousand
slaveholders? The people are toid that they shall
not repeal this act of*1850, or the Union will fall.
How comes it that the Union lasted for sixty
years without this cnaactmcnt* Having thus
saved the Union by enacting the fugitive law of
1850, and by refusing, m the territorial acts for
Utah and New Mexico, to reenact the lav of God,
these sectional disturbers and aggressors in Dem-
ocratic convention at Baltimore, in 1852, resolved
to suprcss all agitation of this question either m
or out of Congress.
Thus, to maintain as a finality this legislation
for slavery, this sectional paity attempted to
muzzle the press, and stifle the lowest whisper
of the national conscience, even m humble pro-
test against this infamous enactment. These gen-
tlemen d;d not themselves obey their own officious
and insulting order of silence. The whole country
knows who opened anew this angry controversy
in 1854, and filled the whole land with the agita-
tion of this question, by the repeal of the eighth
section of the act of 1820, known as the Missouri
compromise, under the false pretense of giving to
the people of the great Territories north of that
line the right of self-government, under the title
of popular sovereignty. The demagogue cry was:
the people of a Terntory, like the people of a
State, arc poi fectly free to establish slavery, black
or white. True, the Federal Government appoints
for all the Temtones their Governors, judges,
and marshals; proscribes the qualifications oftheir
electors; limits, as well as confers, their legislative
powers; and approves or annuls, at pleasure, all
their legislative enactments; but the people have
the ri<>ht to enslave and sell one another. " This,"
said the President, tkis a right as old as the right
of self-government"—the right to do wrong, and
to be supported m that wrong by the nation. This
light of popular sovereignty not only includes the
right to convert man into property, but, for reasons
of State necessity, to roast and eat him, if they
see fit.
Tiie President, as the chiefofthis sectional par-
ty, in one year after his inauguration, announced,
as another principle of this sectional party, that
slavery exists in all the Territories, not by virtue
of this ancient right of self-government, but by
v irtuo of the Constitution of the United States.
To make good this proposition, this party, aided
by the President, attempted to fasten the llecomp-
ton slave constitution upon the people of Kansas,
against their protest—that constitution which de-
clared that it should never be so altered or amended
as to affect the ownership of property in slaves, and
that this properly was higher than all constitutions.
This sectional party, foiled in this attempt to le-
galize this atrocity only by the. united action of the
Republican party on this floor, next enacted that
other statute, the English bill, for the double pur-
pose of restricting the exercise of the right of pe-
tition, and of fettering the progress of free labor
by the formation of a free State. The population,
all-sufficient for u slave State, was held not suffi-
cient for a free State. The demon spirit of this
enactment can be seen in the declaration of the
President that slavery exists in Kansas by virtue of
the Constitution of the United States, and therefore
Kansas is as much a slave State as Georgia or South
Carolina.
This dogma is the burden of the message now
before us. The President has not more than con-
cluded his invocation " to allay the demon spirit,"
than he informs us that the Supreme Court has
finally determined the question of slavery in the
Territories, and established the right of every cit-
izen to take his slave property into the Territo-
ries and " have it protected there under the Con-
stitution;" and that t£ neither Congress nor aj
Territorial Legislature, nor any human power, [
has any authority to annul or impair this vested j
right." Yes, sir, we are gravely told that a mere ,
stump speech, made in the Supreme Court in the I
Dred Scott case, on this territorial question, i
whereof the court had confessedly no junsdic- j
tion, is a final judicial decision which has " irrevo- |
cably fixed the status cf a Territory" as a slave Tcrri- |
tory. u Had it been decided," says the President, j
<( that either Congress or the Territorial Legisla- |
ture possess the power to impair the right of \
propertyin slaves,the evil would be intolerable."
It is settled that the judiciary must relieve against
such territorial legislation as impairs this right,
and that Congress " must strengthen their hands ,
by further legislation." I submit that it was bad j
enough for this party to declare, as it did, fiom j
1854 to 1856, that the scattered settlers of a Ter- |
ntory were perfectly free to enslave their fellow-
men in the Territories; but who can fathom that
lower deep of infamy to which it descends when |
it avers that property in slaves within the Tern- .
tones is a vested right, to be protected by a con-
gressional slave code?
The President seems to think, and so to instruct
us, that we are to be bound by the decisions of
the Supreme Court in the discharge of our duties
here. The time was, sir, when the President
thought and spoke differently. In the Senate, in
1841, when the fiscal bank bill was under consid-
eration, this samc.person, now President, then a
Senator, on being told that the constitutionality
of the question had been settled by the Supreme
Court, said:
"If the judiciary had settled thf question, I should never
hold myself hound by their decision * - ■*
" If they failed to convince ine riuit the kivv con^titu
tional, I should be trinity of petjury befnsc1 hish Ucavou if
I voted in its lavoi."—Con^renioiial Glohc, vol. 10, {.age
163. " ;
If the Supreme Court is to decide all constitu-
tional questions for us, why noirefer e\ery ques-
tion of constitutional power to that body, not
already dccidcd, before acting upon it. I recog-
nize the decisions of that tribunal as of binding
force only as to the parties and privies to the suit,
and the rights particularly invhed and passed
upon. The court has no power in deciding the
right of Dred Scott and of ins children to their ,
liberty, to dccidc, so as to bind this body, that '
neither Congress, nor a Territorial Legislature, :
nor any human power, has authority to prohibit |
slavery in the Territories; neither has that tri- -
banal the power to decide that five million per-
sons, born and domiciled in this land, '* have no
rights which wo aie bound to respt-cl." The ju- ,
diciary are entitled to respect; but if thev arrogate
poweis not conferred upon tium,and attempt by 1
such arrogation of power to take away tiie legis- 1
lative power of the whole people, and to depnve
large numbers of them of their natural rights, I i
claim, as a Representative, the right u> disregard .
such assumed authority, and, as a citizen and a ,
man, to appeal from such decision to that final 1
arbriter, the public opinion of the country. ;
With Jefferson, I de^iy that the Supreme Court is
the final arbiter on all questions of political power, :
and assert that the final arbiter on all such ques- ;
tions is the people—that people which ordained ,
the Constitution. While I would condemn armed
resistance to any decision of the Supreme Court,
or to the execution of any statute of the United
States, I would claim for myself, in common with
all my fellow-citizens, the right to question their
propriety, to denounce their injustice, and to insist
that whatever is wrong therein shall be corrected.
This is one of'c the powers reserved to the people^ '
While the people should habitually revere tfie
judiciary as the ministers of justice, they should
not forget that the judge is fallible, and sometimes
stains his ermine with that darkest of all crimes
that ever blackened the sunny page of human
life—the crime of judicial murder! That people
which are jealous of all delegated power, wliether
judicial, legislative, or executive, and ready to
avenge the wanton and oppressive abuse of it,
"are most likely to maintain their liberties.
England had her judicial monster, Jeffreys, who
could hang his court m scarlet^fit emblem of cru-
elty and injustice; who could condemn, without
a hearing, innocent men and women to a speedy
and violent death, mocking at thoir fear and laugh-
ing at their calamity. That was a just retribu-
tion which overtook him when he was made to
skulk and hide from the wrath of an outraged
people; to disfigure his face and disguise Ins per-
son in filthy apparel, in hope to elude their stern,
searching gaze. Vain hope! no disguise could
hide the features of that terrible face which had
glared upon the people from the high places of
power with a ferocity that filled them with hor-
ror. He who had been Chief Justice of the King's
Bench, and Lord High Chancellor of England;
who could boast a judicial massacreof three hun-
dred and twenty victims; this man, unapproached
in infamy,in order to be saved from the fury of the
people, was trundled by the train-bands through
the streets of London, pallid with fear and be-
grimed with dust, at his own request was com-
muted to the Tower; and accepted with thank-
fulness the protection of those dark walls, made
famous by so many crimes and sorrows, there to
remain, amid gloom and solitude, friendless and
alone, until remorse should gnaw away his heart-
strings, and send him to his last account. With
such an example before us, we, the linc-al descend-
ants of those who witnessed and avenged Jeffreys's
judicial crimes, are not to be told that the judi-
ciary are, at pleasure, and by the assumption of
power, to bind the conscience and dispose of the
liberties and lives of the people!
I But, sir, the President respects the decisions cf
i the Supreme Court only when it suits his pur-
I pose, and accords with the interests of slavery
and the demands of the sectional slave party. In
this mi ssage, in which the President claims that
the Supreme Court has finally settled the vested
nght of ptoperty m slaves beyond the power of
Congress or a Territorial Legislature, or any hu-
man authority to affect it, he tells us that the
Spanish claimants "in the Amistad case" are
clearly entitled to compensation under the Span-
ish treaty of 1795, and recommends that an ap-
propriation be made for that purpose out of the
national Treasury.
What is this 'Amistad case ? Who aie these
Spanish claimants? On the 28th day of June,
lC'39, a Spanish schooner named Amistad. sailed
from the port of Havana, in Cuba, bound to Pu-
erto Principe, in the same island, havingon board
: Captain Ferrer, and two Spanish gentlemen
■ named Ruiz and Montez; also fifty-three Afri-
cans, claimed and held by these Spaniards as their
slaves. These fifty-three persons were natives
of Africa, speaking an African dialect. Ignorant
and uninsaucted as they were, they had the nat-
ural love of liberty and the natuial affections of
humanity for home and kindred, sweet visions of
winch sooilW their troubled rest amid the hor-
rors of that second d<-ath, the middle passage.
The felon-ship, with its cargo of human souls,
moved out, like a thing of life, over the calm
blue waieisof that western sea, on which was
seen, sinking beneath its waves, the lifeless body
of one oi those captive cluldien of sorrow. The
felon-ship floats on. The day is gone; the mists
of night gather "low and cold, like tiie shadow
of death, upon the doomed and guilty vessel, as
it labors in darkness amid the lightnings of the
sea, its thm masts written upon the sky in lines
of blood, and glided with condemnation.The
uplifted arm of one of those sons of wrong and
oppression, made strong by the mighty arm of the
