I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE",
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Blair.
Ho. op -Reps.
me, I will ask him a question. Did Mr. Waite
ever toil him that I entered a Know Nothing-
lodge ?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Mr.. Belt told me
that he went with you into the ante-chamber, and
Mi*. Waite told mo that you took the first oath.
I stated this fact upon the stump in Missouri; and
you, sir, never called upon these men to repeat or
deny this information.
Mr. BARRET. I would ask the gentleman
what he means by ante-chamber?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I have not got
through.
Mr. BARRET. If the gentleman wants the
truth, I will tell it to him.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Go on.
Mr. BARRET. During the canvass I was in-
vited by friends to go and see those who they
said were a body of my friends. I went with
three or four. The gentlemen that he mentions
were not with me at all. They walked to a cer-
tain door and knocked; and then, from the mys-
teriousness of the thing, I said to them that 1 did
not want to have anything to do with them. That
is all that happened in regard to it; and that is all
that the gentleman can prove.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) That is not all. I
doubt very much whether the gentleman would not
be as much puzzled to tell in which wing of the
Democratic party he now is. I know that, in the
canvass, it was hard to get him to acknowledge
whether, if he had been in Congress, he would
have voted for the Lecompton bill. We did get
out of him that he would in one instance. It
strikes me that he has been tickling both parties;
that he has been wiring in and wiring out; and I
do not know but that he may be claimed on both
sides of the great questions which divide the Dem-
ocratic party. If that be not so, he has changed
much for the better.
Mr. BARRET. Is the gentleman for Mr.
Seward or Mr. Bates for President?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I was for Mr.
Bates, as you know; but now I am for Abe Lin-
coln. [Laughter.]
Thegentleman says that several witnesses, Mc-
Donnel and others,stated there were thousands of
men, who had formerly snppo.rted me, deserted me
in 1858. Every one of these witnesses was cross-
examined to give the names of some of those who
had formerly supported me, and did not do so
now; but the gentlemen covered themselves by
sayingitwas asortofsecretthmg. When pressed,
not one of them was found who had fornuuly
been asuppoiter of the Benton party, who was
not my supporter in the last election. The tes-
timony of Doyle and Price, and others, was that
they did not know the case of a man who was a
Benton man who had left that party.
These things it was necessary for the sitting
member to prove, because on the face of the return
everybody in St. Louis pronounced ita fraudulent
election. The friends I had there at first, I have
there now. We will get all the votes of the Ben-
ton party there at the next election. These men
of straw in favor of the gentleman will disappear
at the next election. In the city alone, where this
gentleman speaks of, an increased vote, the vote
of what is called the National Democratic, ticket,
at the next election in 1859 went down more than
enough to overcome his majority. It fell off in
every ward, except the ninth ward, and we have
carried the ninth ward in every election since.
That is true of the Carondelet precinct, where this
enormous majority was polled for him. There
have been two municipal elections there, and at
each one the majonty for the free Democracy has
been from 80 to 100. Gravois, at the next elec-
tion, when they had five county judges, instead
of one, to elect, showed a loss of 105 votes to the
gentleman's party.
What is more conclusive, these gentlemen are
themselves conscious of this fraud, because the
very delegation which they sent to the Legisla-
ture on the ticket with the sitting member have
been devising schemes to disfranchise the people
of St. Louis. Who ever heard of the represent-
atives of a people asking for legislation to take
from that people the choice of their own officers ?
Mr. BARR. New York is a case in point.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I do not suppose
that there are many Republicans in the Legisla-
ture from the city^ of New York, or that the mem-
bers from that city bring forward measures to
disfranchise their own city, as has been the case
of the fraudulent members from St. Louis.
Mr. BARR. We do not intend that many
shall.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Here are men pur-
porting to be representing a Democratic con-
stituency in the Legislature of Missouri, who at-
tempt to have passed such laws as have been
passed in Maryland for the city of Baltimore.
Baltimore, with a population of two hundred
thousand,one-halfof the white population of Ma-
ryland , is governed outside of the city. They are
deprived of the selection of their own municipal
officers to a considerable extent. That same game
has been attempted in the Legislature of Missouri.
I have those laws here, and they are a part of the
testimony. They were attempted to be passed
by the delegation from St. Louis. Those men
knew that they could never come back to that
people and be again elected. They knew that,
and they therefore set themselves to devise some
fraudulent scheme to get the police into their
hands. They proposed to give the appointment
of county judges to the Governor of the State,
whose reputation for sobriety and other things is
not quite so high as it might be.
The truth is, that when the election took place
in 1859, the Republicans carried the county court
of that county, and the county court had the ap-
pointment of the judges of election. It was neces-
sary that the national Democrats should have the
power of appointing those judges of election, in
order to carry out similar frauds to the one which
I charge wns perpetrated in this election; and I
say that when they had recourse to a body out-
side of themselves for the appointment of the offi-
cers of their county, they made an acknowledg-
ment that they never expected to elect a man there
of their own party by the votes of the people of
St. Louis. It is saying that the people of St.
Louis, who have to pay the police, the safety of
whose property is altogether dependent upon the
faithfulness of that police, were incompetent for
the appointment of their owji police, and thai it
must be confided to a Governor living outside of
the limits of the city. The county court has the
appointment of these election judges, and this act
is a declaration that the people of our own county
cannot be confided with the appointment of those
officers, and that they must be appointed, also, by
a Governor living outside of our city and coumy.
I come back again to notice what was said by
the gentleman in reference to my not having
offered any proof in reference to the judges of
election and the officers of elections at that time
not having been qualified according to law. I
submit it to any man whether you can have any
higher proof than the record itself. Take the
illustration of the gentleman from North Carolina
himself. He says, suppose you desire to set aside
a judgment; suppose you were to produce in
court a judgment which had no certificate in the
manner prescribed by law: is there any higher
evidence of its invalidity than that' And here are
^he poll-books themselves, to which the gentle-
men point, and say they are the record. If they
are the record, they prove themselves, if they are
properly certified. If they are not certified, they
are waste paper. I prove what I say by a profcrt
of the record itself, and it appears upon its face
that the record is invalid; and the committee says,
nevertheless, that if the fact can be shown aliunde,
that the judges were sworn, they will not exclude
those votes on account of the irregularities and
omissions of the judges of election. There was
no attempt to show it, because it is utterly impos-
sible to show that thev were sworn.
I desire to notice now another point made in
the report of the minority, and made also by the
gentleman who has spoken. It is to the effect
that 1 should have produced these very men them-
selves who voted fraudulently, and to prove by
them that they voted fraudulently. There are
two gentlemen among the minority of the com-
mittee who were upon the same committee last
year, and who made on elaborate report in the
case of Vallandigham and Campbell; and in that
report they cited the decision of the Supreme
Court, that it is not necessary to summon as wit-
nesses those who cannot be compelled to testify,
It is very clear that nobody can be compelled' &>•'
criminate himself by testifying that he had voted-
fraudulently; and hence,'under the decision of
the Supreme Court, it was not necessary to sum-
mon these parties as witnesses. And these very-
gentlemen who applied that principle to the case
of Vallandigham, now turn round and ask me
why I did not produce these persons as witnesses,
instead of proving their crimes by others ? It was
for the simple reason that I could not compeltheir*
to swear that they had committed a crimeVhich
would consign them to punishment. That being
the case, I eOuld not compel them to answer; and
the highest court of this land has decided that in
such a case 1 am not bound to bring such per-
sons themselves.
I desire'now to notice another point in the re-
port of the minority of the committee. The gen-
tlemen desire to know what power the census
takers have to pass upon the qualification of voters?
what right they have to judge that this man or
that man is entitled to vote? and, with an air of
great triumph, this argument is urged upon the
House. The census taker has no such right, but
he simply states the fact as a part of his duty,
and it is for the House to pass upon the legality
of the vote by the facts proved. It is just pre-
cisely as if the author of that report had himself
come before the committee and testified to the
qualifications of any man, or had gone before the
committee and testified to the qualification of any
voter. The question might be asked, what power
have you to pass on the rightof those men to vote?
Ho would have no power; but he might know the
fact, and could state the fact upon oath, and the
Congress of the United States would decide upon
the validity of the evidence. The census man had
as much right as any living man. It was a duty
enjoined upon him by the law under which he
took the census to return the fact in reference to
that matter, and he performed the duty under the
sanction of an oath. Ithasthestill higher sanction
that the return gives the abodes of the men by
streets and numbers, so that if the return be not
correct the incorrectness car. be exposed.
In the case of Vallandigham and Campbell, the
committee struck off from Mr. Campbell's poll
several votes given by mulattoes who were not
shown to have voted at all, and in reference to
whom there is no evidence to show for whom
they did vote; and the committee said there was
a strong presumption that they voted for Camp-
bell, because he was a Republican. And they i 0
say that the presumption is strengthened by the \f
fact that Mr. Campbell did not undertake to rebut
that testimony, although he took testimony after-
wards.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Ido not think I am
mistaken. I am confident I am not.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I know I am not
mistakqn.
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) I am satisfied I am
correct; and if the gentleman will take the report
Major Harris made to the House, he will see that
it states, in so many words, that there was no proof
as to whether these mulattoes voted, or with refer-
ence to whom they voted for, with the exception
of three or four, and that portion of the commit-
tee that reported in favor of the gentleman, [Mr.
Vallandigham,] tooktheground in their report,
and they laid stress upon it, that it was presumed
that they voted for Campbell, because he was
a Republican, and that that presumption was
strengthened because he did not rebut the evi-
dence when he was taking testimony.
Now, sir, here in the same town m which this
testimon y is produced, giving the names and places
of abode of all these fraudulent voters, the sitting
member might, if he could, have shown that the
votes were not fraudulent. He did make One or
two attempts, and did produce on* or two mert
to prove that they were not the persofts named,
or that they did not vote, or that they were qual-
ified, or something of that kind. He produced
only one or two, and the inference is that he ex
hausted himself there, and could go no further oil
that point.
Now, as to the Gravois precinct. The sitting
member lias said that there was no evidence of
the frauds in that precinct, except that of Chiiton;
