1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
2^3?
public service. It obviously embraced a principle, in the
allowance of interest, different from that which had been
sanctioned by the practice of the accounting officers, or by
the previous legislation of Congress, in regard to advances
by the States, and without any apparent grounds for the
change."
There are not more grounds now than existed
then.
« Previously to giving my sanction to so great an exten-
sion of the practice of allowing interest upon accounts with
the Government, and winch, in its consequences, and from
analogy, might not only call for large payments from the
Treasury, but disturb the great mass of individual accounts
long since finally settled, 1 deemed it my duty to make a
more thorough investigation of the subject than it was pos-
sible for me to do previously to the close of your last ses-
sion. I adopted tins course ttie more readily, from the
consideration that, as the bill contained no appiopnation,
the States which would have been entitled to claim its
benefits, could not have received them without the fuller
' legislation of Congress.
"The principle which the bill authorizes, varies not only
from the practice uniformly adopted by many of the account-
ing officers in the case of individual accounts, and in those
of the States finally settled and closed previously to your
last session, but also from that pursued under the act of
your last session for the adjustment and .settlement of the
claims of the State of South Carolina. This hist act pre-
scribed no particular mode for the allowance of interest,
which, therefore, in conformity with the directions ot Con-
gress in previous cases, and with the unifoim practice of
the Auditor by whom the account was settled, was com-
puted on the sums expended by the State of South Caro-
lina, for the use and benefit of the United States, and which-
had been repaid to the State ; and the payments made by
the CJnited States were deducted from the principal sums,
exclusive of the interest, thereby stopping futuie interest
on so much of the principal as had been reimbursed by the
payment."
Thus we find that the President adhered to the
principle that the Government of the United States
would at once pay tbe principal, and stop the run-
ning of interest, before commencing to pay off the
interest.
"I deem it proper, moreover, to observe, that both under
the act of 5th of August, 1790, and that of the 12th of Feb-
ruary, 1/93, authorizing the settlement of the accounts be-
tween the United States and tbe individual States, arising
out of thf war of the Revolution, the interest on those ac-
counts was computed in confoimity with the practice
already adverted to, and from which the bill now returned
is a depaiture.
" With these reasons and considerations, I return the bill
to the Senate. ANDREW JACKSON."
The amendment that is now offered constitutes
the same departure from the former usage that
President Jackson protested against, and it is^ a
departure from the principle upon which the in-
terest was calculated that was due to all the States
after the close of the war and the consummation
of peace. If we now undertake to changc this
mode of computation in reference to the advances
made during the war of 1812,1 beg to know what
will prevent you a few years later from going
back as far as the Revolution? If there is any
period in the history of the country that rests
with more cherished affection in the heart of every
American citizen than any other, and on which
he looks more than any other to do an act of jus-
tice or to repair a wrong, it would be that identical
period. There is a fondness for the revolutionary
period which certainly goes beyond the fondness
for any other period, that exists in the mind and
heart of every citizen. If we now go back to the
war of 1812, and change the mode of computing
interest so as to allow claims that go to largely
over a million and a half of dollars, what is there
besides the mere point of time that shall exclude
and preclude us from going back to the settlement
of the accounts of the States for advances made
durin°- the period of the devolution ? Here I show
you that, in 1832, the attention of the Government
was called to the fact that we must do so if we
change the method and principle on which we
have computed interest. There is nothing, there
can be nothing, found that will authorize us to
do it in this case without extending it toothers.
It will drive the Government to the payment of
many, 1 know not how many, million dollars
upon the advances that were made by the colo-
nies, and after independence the States, to aid the
General Government to carry on the revolution-
ary war, and upon advances made in every sub-
sequent war. In these cases the money was
loaned to the Government, not at the request of
the Government of the United States, but to sub-
serve an emergency that was incurred by the
States within their own limits or on their own
borders, and then charged as a loan of money
made to the Government of the United states.
That is the way in which many of these accounts
are now made up. In many instances, the fotates
expended money for their own uses, and in accord-
ance with their own method of expenditure. When
they had done so, it was regarded and considered
on the part of a lenient Government, a Govern-
ment disposed to receive everything kindly at the
hands of the States, as a loan to it. True, it was
to the advantage of all that every part of the coun-
try should be protected and made prosperous;
but after the States expended money for their own
defense, they came to the door of our Treasury,
and charged it as a loan, and that is acknowl-
edged to constitute a large part of those debts that
we are now called upon to pay over again by
changing the mode of computation to which they
once assented through their representatives on
this floor, who were themselves the judges as to
the justice of the settlement.
Before I came to the examination of this matter,
I had thought that there was some justice in the
proposition of the Senator from Georgia, on ac-
count of the method of computing interest; butin
the little time I have had an opportunity to look
into it, I have had to abandon my original con-
viction that it was just and right, and to say that
it is utterly unjust and cruel to the General Gov-
ernment, and that its exaction by the States is
improper. It is not a fit thing for these States to
do. They justify it upon the ground thai this
principle was applied to Maryland, and I think
some other State—I forget which. Sir, there is
an old law maxim—lam not familiar enough with
these terms now to he able to quote it in Latin—
that a bad precedent is not worthy of being fol-
lowed, but had better be rejected. The precedent
that was established in the case of Maryland, was
unfortunate in the last degree. What do we now
see as the result of it? Now upwards of a million
and a half of dollars are sought to be taken from
your Treasury,and the peopleof the whole United
States are to be taxed to pay it. What will be
the result ? When we have established this pre-
cedent by admitting a claim to this extent, and of
such a number of States, and apply it to the whole
of our financial affairs throughout the present age,
why not go back to the days of the Revolution?
You have but to go back to that period, and you
will find that in one single instance over two hun-
dred and twenty million dollars were repudiated
by the Government of the United States, and the
people of the United States got the benefit of that
denial of payment to individuals who suffered all
the loss.
You talk about this Government doing justice
to all. If she has to do justice through her Treas-
ury, and can do it in no other place, if she is not
armed witli some power which may well say," I
can give you honor, give you gratitude lor ser-
vices and sufferings," if that is not a part of the
Treasury of the country, she is poor, indeed, and
will be bankrupted several times before she will
be able to settle the accounts that have been and
will be brought against her. It is said that these
States do not stand on the same footing with indi-
vidual creditors. I know that some Senators look
on this matter differently from myself, and con-
sider any opposition to the proposition as not
sound, and perhaps not even sensible; but let
them, with a singleness of heart, look at this
whole matter all the way through, look at its con-
sequences all the way back, and see the manner
in which it waslbrought up, and then Jet them
say, if they can, that shall be done. They will
be shocked if they look at the consequences, turn
aside, and say " I do not want to do tins thing.
It is utterly impossible that we can commence a
system that will carry us back to pay not only all
the old accounts that are to be ripped open of the
old States in all time past, but on the same prin-
ciple you cannot escape opening individual ac-
counts. "What has carried the bounty land system
back to the Revolution, when we only com-
menced giving bounty land in a few instances m
the Mexican war ? There you see the fatal con-
sequences of establishing aprecedentofthat kind,
which goes back and extends and ramillcs itself,
becoming stronger and stronger until we are pow-
erless to resist it. .
Five States and one city are to be paid by the
terms of this amendment, although they were
once settled with, as all individual accounts wcie,
and the accounts closed. For a long time the
Government of the United States refused to pay
any interest at all; and even now 1 desire to call
the attention of the Senate to one point which is
the daily practice of the Government, not only at
the expense of the rich, but the poorest people of
the United States—which applies to the man/who
lives in the wilderness, and applies with great
harshness and severity. The Government takes
a man's money, keeps it for years, gives him no
benefit for it, and when she returnsit, laughs anil
scorns at the idea of paying interest. I refer to
cases where your land officers put up plats and
offer lands for sale, and a man comes forward,
pays his money, and gets his certificate. He may
hold 011 to that land for tell years—and I knew it
to be done in one instance for thirty-five years.
It turns out, at the expiration of that period, after
the party who purchased has made expensive im-
provements, expended almost the whole of his
life in improving the property, until it has risen
in value from one dollar and twertty-five cents to
over fifty dollars an acre, and then a title, better
than that which the Government of the United
States had, comes up under an ancient treaty,
and he is thrown out: what remedy does theGov-
crnment of the United States give him Does she
give him interest? He not only paid his money,
but the Government has had "the use of it; and
more than that, he has expended his time and
labor, and applied all the means he could bring to
improve this property; but the Government merely
refunds him f I 25 an acre for his thirty-five years,
without a cent of interest. Thus it is that the
accounts of the Goyernment of the United States
are conducted, and compelled to be conducted,
unless you attempt to bankrupt the Treasury,or
intend immensely to increase the rate of taxation
and revenue.
I cannot believe that gentlemen will consent to
pass this amendment. I am not disposed to de-
tain the Senate in argument upon it; but surely
it cannot stand the test of scrutiny, and I do pro-
test that the Senate ought not to consent to pass
a provision of this kind, of which they know so
little, and the chief part of what they do know
they have learned from the Senator from Georgia
this morning, on this floor; they ought not to
pass it here without the usual guards and protec-
tion required to secure safe and prudent legisla-
tion. I earnestly urge and insist that we shall
reject this amendment to this bill. I shall not
detain the Senate much longer about it, but there
is one point in it which I cannot consent to let go
by without calling the attention of the Senate
to it.
Some of these States procured a settlement of
their accounts as far back as 1826, and settlements
were made with all of them, I believe, in 1826,
1828, 1829, 1830, and 1832. These States came -
forward then and procured a settlement. They de-
manded that the money which they had advanced
should be refunded. It was refunded. We all
know that, during General Jackson's administra-
tion, the Government of the United States was
prosperous, able to pay her debts, and she actu-
ally paid off the national debt, which was a mat-
ter of great rejoicing. Her revenue then was im-
mense. The rate of her tariff was undoubtedly
high; and it constituted the great difficulty of that
day. The money was in the Treasury, and these
States made their demands, and there was no diffi-
culty in paying them. They assented to the set-
tlement then nnute and having done so, I ask if
t}j, y are not now at least precluded from demand-
ing any interest since that time? If we did not
settle with them rightfully and properly at this
time, they are entitled, in any event, if you make
a change in the mode of computing interest, only
to the benefit of that change up to the time when
they were actually settled with, and withdrew
thefrclaim forany moie. The account was stated
and settled then in full, and a rcceipt given, which
was a termination of any claim against the Gov-
ernment of the United States afterwards, unless
they could, upon some principle, show that jus-
tice" had not been done to them, and ask a review
of the account; and if they did so, and different
principles of settlement were established, we
should then pay back what would have been due
under those different principles at the day upon
which we made the settlement. If we did not pay
enough at that time, pay it now; but do not allow
them interest from the time of that settlement, in
1830 or 1832, until this period. Then the matter
was settled according to the principle which at
that time prevailed. If we now change the mode
of computation, and adopt a mode to which we
