2784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
have not before assented, they have no^right to
claim interest for that intervening time. Here,
then, are thirty years' interest to be paid on these
accounts, when, during the whole period, the
Treasury of the United States was full of money,
full to overflowing, full to such an extent that she
actually took §30,000,000 out of the Treasury and
distributed it amongst the States. Now, I shall
be glad for a moment to compare the accounts of
the States which make this claim for the correc-
tion of what they term a mistake in calculation,
and see how they stand as debtors and creditors
with the United States. Before 1 go further, I beg
to say that I shall propose two or three amend-
ments to this proposition befox-e it goes through
that strike me to be so eminently reasonable that,
I think, they cannot be rejected, and they are
based on facts that I find to be in existence.
The States that now present this claim are,
I believe, Virginia, Delaware, New York, Penn-
sylvania, South Carolina, Maine, Tennessee, and
Georgia, and also the city of Baltimore. Take,
for instance, the State of Maine. It is proposed,
under this amendment, to pay her $21,223. That
is ascertained by counting interest up to the pres-
ent time upon the restatement of an account
which was paid many years ago. By the act of
26th of June, 1836, the State of Maine received
$l,020,408on deposit, to be refunded to the United
States whenever the Secretary of the Treasury
might call upon the States to have it refunded,
or any part of it. Subscquefttly, it is true, the
first tiiree installments that were paid over to that
State, and to all others, were, by act of Congress,
made subject to the call that might be made by
Congress. But, without alluding to the meth-
od by which it was to be recalled, there were
§1,020,000 advanced to Maine in 1836. The
amount of the claim of the State of Virginia, is
$1,076,683. In 1836, Virginia, under the act to
which I have referred, received $2t346,939—
largely over any amount of claim she can urge at
the present day, although there is no calculation
of interest in favor of the United States against
these depositary States; but it has been proposed,
and it is now proposed, that they shall be allowed
interest against the United States, for what is
alleged to be an interest claim now, only built up
by calculating interest on a different principle.
The State of Delaware is now to come in for
t18,540, under this amendment. In 1836, the
tate of Delaware received $306,000 on deposit.
The State of New York now has a claim for
§48,896, under this amendment. In 1836, she
received $4,285,714 on deposit. Now, by run-
ning back interest for thirty years, there is to be
paid to New York a little ove'r §48,000, although
she has had in her possession $4,285,000 of the
money of the United States all the time. The
State of Pennsylvania has a claim now of $218,507
under this amendment. The State of Pennsylva-
nia, in 1836, received, under the actof 3d June of
that year, $3,061,000, She has it yet, and still she
makes a claim of $218,000, by getting a restate-
ment of an account which was once paid, and
then adding interest for thirty years on tens of
thousands of dollars, while she has had in her
own treasury millions of the money of the United
States, upon which no interest has ever been paid
to this Government. Now, I dp not wish to say
to Senators that these things smmld not be done;
but I trust they will not put a proposition of this
kind upon an appropriation bill, and thrust it
upon the Treasury, through the wiil of one House
alone, and say that if the otlu'i* wiil not consent
to yield you will destroy an appropriation bill,
and stop the wheels of the Government, or have
the payment of the sums these States demand
when they present themselves to the Senate in
this manner. In the aggregate, the States which
have claims for advances, covered by this amend-
ment, received from the General Government
about thirty million dollars in 1836.
In the first place, I hold that if we restate the
interest account, by which the result is changed,
after it has been once closed and finally settled,
and if we find an error, payment should be made
now, nunc pro tunc, and let it be regarded as full
satisfaction. In the next place, I claim, if that
may not be allowed, and the Government of the
United States is to be required to pay this interest,
that she shall not be required to pay it after she
had deposited $30,000,000 with the States which
now claim interest upon various sums for thirty
years. I do not think it is right that a State
should be charging the General Government in-
terest for thirty years upon fifteen or twenty thou-
sand dollars, when, during the same period, she
had in her possession §1,000,000 belonging to the
Government of the United States, upon which she
pays no interest.
Mr. President, I came into the Senate this morn-
ing with a great deal of objection on my pari to
going into the consideration of this subject. I had
hoped that the bill would have been laid aside
until Monday. I assure the Senate that I have
not unraveled this thing by half. I was com-
pelled to change and abandon my original opinion
as to the justice and right of the case, as I pro-
gressed in its examination, finding the case worse
and worse at each step I took. I did not feel that
I had the practiced habit of debate, and the com-
mand of myself and the subject and of language
to be employed, nor that I had that acuteness
which would make it perfectly palpable to you,
which I ought to have to take hold of a thing of
this sort, and which there are so many on this
floor so capable of doing. I had hoped the Senate
would not think of acting on this subject to-day,
but let it go over until Monday; and I do not
think that even then, if we had the time to con-
sider it fully, I should be able to do justice to it.
I know that I am not. I know my impression as
to the manner in which the case has been con-
ducted. It is acknowledged, by the author of the
amendment to-day, that when it was once passed
it was not exactly satisfactory; and he favored
the reconsideration, and proposed to rectify the
error—a correction which never would have been
made but for the character of opposition this
measure has met with from the beginning. The
Senator from Georgia was brought by that oppo-
sition to correct the amendment, and it was right
on his part that he should do so; and I feel that
the fact that he did so is evidence of the imperfec-
tion of this method of going on to appropriate up-
wards of a million dollars on a system that leads to
the expenditure of—how many millions more we
do not know. God only knows how many millions
you will have to expend if you go on the principle
of refunding all the advances of the States* if you
go back to the period of the Revolution; and if you
apply this principle to States, you are bound to
recognize it with regard to individuals. When
you go into that, you are obliged to go into the
musty records of the Treasury. In the Treasury*
there arc boxed up millions of continental money,
each package marked with the name of the owner;
and their descendants are scattered all over the
United States. Suppose a proposition were
brought forward now, calling on the Government
of the United States to redeem that continental
money, on which you paid but one cent upon each
one hundred cents. Whenever a proposition is
made here by any man who wishes to demagogue
it, to go forward and pay to the parties who may
be'the true descendants of those who filed their
continental money here for payment, you will
find an outcry which you had little idea of meeting
with; and by the passage of this amendment you
will have established a precedent which will call
upon you to do the same justice to those individ-
uals in the Revolution that you now do to States
that are abler to do without that justice; and to
those States for services and advances so late as
the war of 1812. This country was under no
great distress in the war of 1812. That period is
not to be compared with the period of the Revo-
lution, as to the character of the necessity that
rested upon the people of this country. In the
Revolution the people of this country advanced
$224,000,000, on which they received one cent
upon the dollar as the whole compensation that
was given to them. The descendants of those
people are to be found in every district that has a
representation on the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives, as well as in every State that is rep-
resented in the Senate. You cannot open these
things in this way; you cannot adopt this prin-
ciple/without being led, if you honestly follow it
out, and do equal justice to all others, to an ex-
penditure which will not only bankrupt this Gov-
ernment, but will bankrupt it so utterly, hopelessly,
that the people would revolutionize it, bieak the
Government down, refuse to acknowledge its past
existence, and establish a new one, for the pur-
pose of getting rid of such a burden as it would
entail upon them.
I have now stated the character of this claim in
some measure. I do not present many points.
As I said before, I have not been able to give it
the thorough examination I would desire, and that
the subject is entitled to. Surely the amendment
ought not to be passed. The precedent which was
set in the case of Maryland was a mistake, I
believe—a mistake into which the Senate and
House of Representatives and Executive honest-
ly fell. It was not sufficiently well considered, I
take it, at that day, or else it never would have
been suflfered to become a law. Wre can see now
what follows on that precedent. Shall we con-
tinue a bad precedent, and carry it to its conse-
quences, however ruinous and destructive they
may prove to be ? I cannot believe the Sen-
ate will adopt the amendment; and I only give
notice now, in conclusion, that 1 have several
amendments that I shall ask leave, at the proper
time, to offer to it, limiting the time to which this
interest, if it is allowed at all, shall be permitted
to be computed, so as to make an account against
the Government of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I did not in-
tend to take any further part in the debate on this
amendment; but some of the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Arkansas, to which I have
listened, seem to render it incumbent on metodo
so. First allow me to say as to myself—I know
not the intention of others—but certainly it is no
part of my intention to force this legislation on the
House of Representatives, or to stop the wheels
of Government if that House does not choose to
assent to the amendment the Senate propose to
place on this bill. There is nothing unusual in
passing such an amendmenton this bill; and since
our last debate on the subject I have looked back
at the origin of this question, and 1 mean to state
as succinctly as I can the grounds on which I
think this amendment ought to stand and may
well stand, without reference to many of the ques-
tions which the honorable Senator from Arkansas
has introduced, some of which, it seems to me,
are plainly irrelevant to the matter before us.
In the Senate of the United States, during the
first session of the Thirty-Third Congress, this
question first came up, on a bill introduced .for
the purpose of reopening-the accounts of the State
of Maryland for examination. That bill was
discussed before the Senate, and on this very
principle of changing the antecedent mode in
which interest had been calculated and the ac-
counts of the States had been adjusted for their
war debt of 1812. 1 thought it was unwise to
make the change, and I think so still; but I
thought then, and I think yet, as I said then,
that if you made the alteration as to one State,
there was no principle of justice, no principle of
propriety, which would allow you to settle with
one State on different terms from the other States
that stood precisely in the same position. The
question was fairly presented to the Senate on
the occasion of that discussion, and the report of
it is to be found in the twenty-eighth volume of
the Congressional Globe, page 1526. 1 do not
propose to read it all; but on that occasion I had
to urge my own opinions, which differed from
those of most members of the Senate on this
subject of interest. I did not desire to disturb
the mode in which the Government had pre-
viously settled all accounts of this kind with the
States. I was opposed to it; and 1 thought,and still
think, that the question of interest is not a ques-
tion of morals or justice, but a question of con-
ventional law. I said then that it depended on
law, and not on any principle of justice. 1 stated
that, according to the doctrines of the canon law,
the taking of any interest was immoral; but in
the progress of commercial usages it became
proper to charge interest much more extensively
than it had been allowed originally. As I stated
then, Mr. Jefferson had combated, in his cele-
brated letter to Mr. Hammond, the idea that a
Government ever was bound to pay interest, ex-
cept on the principle of agreement. I think it
would have been better if we had adhered to that
rule always, whether as regards States or indi-
viduals; but Congress had altered the rule; they
had agreed in 1826 that they would allow interest
in particular cases; that is, where the State had
advanced money to do what the General Govern-
ment was bound to do, but unable to do in de-
fending herself against a war, which was a war
against our common country and not against the
