398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[June 6,
36th Com.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
and lie read a portion of Chilton's evidence; but
did not read the whole of it. There is also the
evidence of Hildebrand in regard to this. It, at
least, laid the foundation for the evidence which
was afterwards given by Chilton. He says:
" question. Were there many persons who voted there
that were strangers? , , ..
" Jlnswer. I think there were one half that voted theie
that I never saw before.
" Question. Were thev known to any persons there ?
" Answer. I don't think there was anybody acquainted
with lli&n, cxccpt Mr. Gray.
" Guetiion. Who is Gray?
"Answer. Ed. Gray, county engineer, or something.
" QuesJion. Did lie bring most of those men there.'
<•' Jinswcr. I can't say; lie was a kind of agent for them
there.
« Question. Were any of them sworn ?
" Jlnsucr* Not one of them.
« question. Was it not known that these m&n were per-
sons employed on the county road?
"Jlnswer. Yes, sir."
Chilton gave the same testimony; and then,
being examined in regard to the individuals who
had voted fraudulently, he gave their names, and
they will be found in this tabic. And then the
gentleman challenged me to produce any evidence
to show that one of the judges urged these men
to vote, and insisted that they should vote even
after they refused to be sworn as to their qualifi-
cations. He said it could not be done. I quote
further from Mr. Hildebrand on that point:
" Question. What did Height threaten to put you out of
the loom lor?
" Answer. I asked them if they were citizens, and they
said they were, and had theii papers; Height said they
could vote ; I said they could not, unless they produced
their papeis or swore that they were ettissens; Height then
jumped up out of Ins chair and told me i had nothing to do
witli it, and should go out of the room; I told him I would
not do it till f got ready."
These were strange persons, and nobody knew
them. They were not known to the judges, and
they had no right to vote without being sworn as
to their qualifications. When they refused to take |
the oath, one of the judges told them that they
had a right to vote and ought to vote; and when
a man challenged these votes, this judge jumped
up in his chair and told him it was none of his
business, and that he would have to leave the
room. That is the testimony on this point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MISSOURI CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. J. E. BARRET,
OF MISSOUKI.,
In the House of Representatives,
June. 6, 1 sco.
The House having under consideration the Missouri con-
tested-election case—
Mr. BARRET said:
Mr. Speaker: I had supposed, in the order of
discussion, I would be allowed the same privilege
which has, in all eases of contested elections here-
tofore, been allowed to the sitting member. The
right to reply to any one claiming the seat has
never been denied to the sitting member. The
contestant in this case does not seem willing to
allow this, although, by every precedent, and by
every principle of justice, the sitting member is
so entitled. The gentleman from Massachusetts,
who made the majority report, has, under the
rule, the right to open and conclude debate. Surely
the sitting member should have the conclusion
upon the argument of contestant. But after the
right was denied, and much discussion had in re-
gard to the question, I felt it incumbent upon me
to waive my rights, and to agree to the proposi-
tion to allow the contestant the opening and con-
clusion. I was -willing to submit to an injustice
to prevent the further consumption of the tune of
this House.
The contestant has made his opening speech of
an hour, and it was made up of broad and reck-
less statements, and sweeping assertions, many of
which he knew were wholly untrue; and he made
them, sir, with the deliberate intention of deceiving
and misleading the members of this House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that language of
this sort, which the gentleman is indulging in, is
contrary to the rules of this House, and theiefore
out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. Contrary to what rules ?
Mr. BINGHAM. To the rules of the House
that prescribe that no member shall indulge in
personal abusive language.
Mr. PHELPS. The rule means that no abus-
ive language shall be used to a member of this
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have made the point of
order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Did the gentleman from
Ohio interrupt the contestant when he said that
the sitting member had personally participated m
fraud ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not hear that language
used.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why did you not inter-
rupt him ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me if I do not enter into debate with him. I make
the point that the gentleman from Missouri has
used'language out of order. If it be apoint wrongly
taken, 1 can be overruled. I do not desire to
delay the gentleman's remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Adrain in
the chair ) The Chair overrulesthepointoforder.
The rule only applies to members of this House.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the Speaker to
make a distinction 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentle-
man yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts ?
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that my colleague will
not be further interrupted.
Mr. SINGLETON. I hope these interruptions
will not be taken out of the time of the gentleman
from Missouri.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Of course they
will not.
Mr. BARRET. Mr. Speaker, in 1858, the con-
testant in this case became a candidate for Con-
gress in the first district of Missouri, which I have
now the honor to represent. Upon a count of
the votes, it was ascertained that ho had been
beaten some six hundred and seven votes. Dis-
satisfied with thedeteiminationof the people, thus
emphatically pronounced, he seeks another the-
ater for his canvass outside of his district, and
here he hopes, from party excitement and party
pressure, that he may be able to stifle the voice
and frustrate the will of a people who have hon-
ored him heretofore. The Hall of the House of
Representatives is made a hustings; and the con-
testant, a self-constituted candidate, asks that the
Representatives in Congress from the different
States shall elect him as the man who shall rep-
resent the people of the first district of my State.
As a pretext fortius extraordinary movement,for
this attempt to force himself upon an unwilling
people, he adds insult to the injury he would in-
ilict by charging upon those people gross fraud,
violence, corruption, and all manner of disgrace-
ful conduct. And, as if to bring the people more
deeply into shame and disgrace, and to publish
the same more wildly and more rapidly, the tel-
egraph is called into requisition, and data fur-
nished in the shape of the most extravagant mis-
statements, for telegraphic dispatches to be sent
through the country.
Thus stand the people of my district arraigned
before this body, with this contestant as their
accuser. It is my duty, sir—it is my bounded
duty, as it is my right and my high privilege—to
attempt, in a feeble way, to defend those people
from these charges made by the contestant for his
own selfish purposes. A thousand pages of manu-
factured testimony are brought here as the mere
sembiance of evidence, and the formality of a con-
test. It is a huge mass of stuff, which, whilstit is
in no manner evidence, may nevertheless serve as
a mask behind which timid men may hide. There
is one cause of deep regret to myself, and to every
lover of that State. It is to sec the name of Mis-
souri connected with such a contest.
The printed volume of which I speak, of nearly
one thousand pages, is entitled, " Missouri Con-
tested, Election." A better name would be "Blair's
Lame Excuse," or " Blair's Poor Apology," for an
unexpected defeat. It was not supposed or desired
that any one would read this large book. On the
contrary, it would seem that every means had
been resorted to to prevent an investigation of
its contents. But, voluminous as may be the
book, I defy any lawyer in this House to find in
it a single page of evidence to sustain the majority
report.
In that report there is not one single citation of
testimony. The whole book is ignored, and not
a single page referred to. Itis the first report ever
brought into this House, in a contested-election
case, without containing some reference at least
to the testimony. Thegentlemen who made itsay
the testimony is voluminous. If so, it furnishes
the very best reason in the world why those who
are to pass upon the report should be referred
particularly to the testimony. They say in the
report that it is impracticable to recite the testi-
mony upon which the determination of the com-
mittee is based. Then, how is it to be expected
that, in a speech to this House, the testimony
shall be referred to to prove that this report is not
sustained ?
Feeling satisfied in the commencement of the
contest that it would be out of the power of mem-
bers to read this large volume, I took the pains to
prepare a synopsis of the testimony of both sides,
and on every given point. To facilitate investi-
gation, I made for the committee an index for the
book, (which they say, on page 10 of the report,
is without index or order;) that index was printed
by the committee, and therefore, when the report
was made, it was not true that the testimony was
without index. Afterwards, when, by mere acci-
dent, I obtained a copy of contestant's argument,
printed and circulated privately, I took the pains
to make an analysis of that also. Wherever he
would cite the testimony of witnesses by page, I
would set out their statements in full; hoping, in
this manner, to elicit the attention of the commit-
tee, and members of Congress generally, to the )
facts in the case. Afterwards, in answer to Mr.
Blair's telegraphic dispatch, or rather the dispatch
made up of his data, to the New York Herald,
intended by him to forestall public opinion, 1 pro-
posed to save the House any further trouble, and^
to leave the question to a jury, to be composed of
twelve Republicans, in the city of St. Louis,
voters for Mr. Blair; and that if they did not de-
cide unanimously for me, -I would resign in favor
of contestant.
I also proposed to leave the Whole question to
a gentleman of the highest standing, now a resi-
dent of New York city, who was a candidate on
the same ticket with Mr. Blair, for the State Sen-
ate; a gentleman wlio voted for Mr. Blair, and
who acted for a long time as the chairman of the
Republican central committee; one who, as a can-
didate, was in every part of the district during
the canvass, and was at every precinct in the city
on the day of the election; agreeing that, if this
gentleman did not say that I was as fairly elected
as any man ever was, I would lesign my place
in Congress. And now, if Judge McLean, Judge
Curtis, or any other lawyer or judge of fair stand-
ing in the Republican party, will look over tins
book of testimony, and say that 30 of my votes
are proved to be illegal by anything like decent
evidence, and such as would be received in any
court of justice, I will instantly resign. The con-
testant may select any lawyer of fair standing at
the St. Louis bar, and belonging to his own party,
and if lie do not upon this testimony decide in
my favor, I will resign.
I am willing to leave the whole question to our
opponent, Hon. Samuel M. Breckinridge, now
judge of the St. Louis circuit court. If he do not
decide that the election was perfectly fair, I will
resign. Had 1 been defeated by one single vote,
theie would have been no contest about ihe seal.
I should have concluded that the giving of a ma-
jority of one vote against, was rather a poor way
of showing a preference for me. But the arraign-
lnentand trial of a great people upon graveeliarges
preferred against them, seems to be consideied of
very little consequence m this House. A single
day is set apai t for its hearing, and there appears
a disposition to press it to a conclusion with rather
indecent haste. Times have changed excei dmgly.
No longer ago than the year 18o^, in the Pennsyl-
vania contested election between Wright and Ful-
ler, there were only about two hundied and fifty
pages of printed testimony, and about 53 votes
difference between them. The committee had the
case under advisement and discussion near six
months, and the House had the reports under
consideration and discussion from the 25th of
June until the 2d of July.
But here we have a case in which there are over
