1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
cither entirely a slavcholding nation, or entirely a free-labor
nation. Either the cotton and rice fields of South Carolina
and the sugar plantations of Louisiana will ultimately be
tilled by free labor, and Charleston and New Orleans be-
come marts for legitimate merchandise alone, or else the
rye and wheat fields of Massachusetts and New York must
again bo surrendered by their farmers to slave culture and
to the production of slaves, and Boston and New York be-
come once more markets for trade in the bodies and souls
of men."
Sir, does not every man know that "William
H. Seward never believed that the United States
would ever become an entirely slavcholding na-
tion ? Did he not know that the people of the
slavcholding States had never intimated a desire
to introduce slavery into any of the free States of
the Union; that they attended to their own affairs,
and did not meddle with the mt&rnal concerns of
other States ?_ Did he not know that slavery would
never exist in any country or climate where it was
not profitable ? What, then, did he mean by the
" irrepressible conflict between opposing and en-
during forces ?" He simply meantthat there was
to be an unceasing war waged by the people of
the Worth against the Soulh, and that it could
never be repressed. He meant it as an appeal to
the North to unite her forces for a mighty onset
upon the institution of slavery—an enduring and
deadly conflict, in which he expected that victory
would perch upon the black and blood-stained ban-
ner of the North. And yet, with the voice of the
commander ringing in our ears, s&id the gathering
storm in sight, we are told that if we warn the
people of the South of approaching danger, we are
" agitators."
Sir, whatdo we behold in this House? A power-
ful sectional party, with not a representative from
thefifteen slavcholding States upon this floor, with
but one vitalizing idea in their platform, "the abol-
ishing of slavery in the United States," march-
ing on with triumphal strides to take possession
of this Government, and by a foul and pre verted use
of its machinery to crush out the life-blood of the
South; to wrest from her people their constitu-
tional rights, and drench the hearthstones of her
citizens with blood. And yet we, who are seeking
to defeat them and prevent, if possible, the terrible
consequences that threaten us, are charged with
being "agitators." Sir, I must confess that I
never see or hear the charge made, in a slave State,
without having my suspicions aroused that those
who make it sympathize with Black Republican-
ism; secretly desire the success of that party with-
out having the manliness and honesty to avow it.
Mr. Chairman, I was raised and educated a
Whig, taught the science of polities in the school
of Clay and Webster, and ever delighted to march
under their standard and fight for the American
and national principles thatwereemblazoned upon
their banners. The Whig party was emphati-
cally a national party from its infancy to the day
of its dissolution. Patriotism, conservatism, har-
mony, and union were among the distinguishing
characteristics of that great party. It embraced
within its patriotic arms the entire Union; it knew
no North, no South, no East, no West; it stood
firmly and persistently by the Constitution and
the Union; it Inculcated the principles of strict
obedience to the Constitution, tha laws, and the
treaties of the United States; it deprecated all in-
terference growing out of the relation of master
and servant; it abhorred sectionalism, and sought
to encourage fraternal intercourse and strengthen
fraternal feelings among all the citizens of this
Confederacy. Its paramount object was the pros-
perity and greatness, peace and happiness, of this
Republic. I rejoice to say that it left the impress
of its principles and policy, to some extent, upon
the face of the nation. I remember, with pride
and satisfaction, that I was the standard-bearer
of that party for four presidential campaigns, in
my electoral district, and bore triumphantly the
banner of Clay, Scott, Taylor, and Fillmore; and
I regret to, say that it was the only district in my
State that cast its electoral vote for those distin-
guished men. I clung to the fortunes of that
party through all its vicissitudes, until the fatal
hour when it was embraced by the leprous arms
of Black Republicanism; and then I heard, with
mingled emotions of grief and indignation, the
knell of its dissolution.
When that party of undying principles ceased
to exist, I united my political fortunes with the
American party, embraced its principles, stood
upon its platform, and battled for its success. A
fe\V brief years, when I found its camp surrounded
by the enemies of the Constitution and the Union,
with the hateful banner of sectionalism and abo-
litionism thrown to the breeze, with the mottoes
inscribed thereon, "Slavery must be abolished:
you and I must do it"—"No more slave terri-
tory"-—"No more slave States" admitted into the
Union"—"No fugitive slave act"—"No peace,
no security, to slaveholders"—the northern wing
of that party turned traitor to its principles, the
Constitution, and the Union, and marched into the
ranks of the "irrepressible conflict" party, the
southern wing, bold and patriotic, stood to their
arms until the American people passed upon their
principles the verdict of condemnation. Thus
repulsed and cut to pieces, that army, too, has
disbanded; and its scattered forces and dismem-
bered fragments are now driven to the necessity
of enlisting under some other political banner.
There is, at the present time, but one great
party resisting the aggressions of this destructive,
sectional, anti-slavery party. It is a party that
Whigs and Americans, shoulder to shoulder, have
resolutely fought for a quarter of a century, upon
many political battle-fields; a party towards whom
they and I have entertained the most bitter ani-
mosities and violent prejudices; a party that they
and I have denounced from the most patriotic in-
stincts. A proper regard, however, for truth,
compels us to admit that under their administra-
tion of the Government, checked and controlled,
in no small degree, by the doctrines of the Whig
party, we have risen to the proudest eminence of
any nation on earth, in all that constitutes true
greatness and prosperity. Though their policy,
in my judgment, was frequently wrong and reck-
less, yet they have ever stood firmly by the Con-
stitution ana the Union. They have ever con-
tended for a strict construction of the Constitution
—the only safely of the Union—and maintained
the sovereignty and equality of the States; and
they arc, to-day, the only party in existence that
can (if such a thing be possible) resist success-
fully the Black Republican party; the only party
that can save' the South from the horrors of a
civil and servile war; that can roll back the torrent
of Sewardism and fanaticism thatis rapidly hurry-
ing us 011 towards a most fatal termination of our
national grandeur and greatness; that can restore
peace and tranquillity to the turbulent agitations of
the public minu; the only party whose principles
arc boldly proclaimed and defended in every part
of this Union, from Maine to Louisiana, on the
Atlantic and the Pacific; whose organization exists
everywhere, throughout the length and breadth
of this land. It stands by the South on the great
issues of the day. To the aid and assistance of
the Democratic party, from patriotic necessity,
if not from choice, I invite you to come.
In my estimation, the slavery question, with all
its bearings, transcends, in magnitude and impor-
tance, all other questions. Upon its constitutional
adjustment is suspended the Union; hence all
others sink into insignificance, when compared
with it. The approaching political contest will be
the most important and fearful one that has oc-
curred since the foundation of this Government.
Upon its result (mark my words) hangs the destiny
of this Republic. If the Black Republican party
shall succeed m that contest, and then attempt to
carry out their policy,you may rest assured that
the South will resist to the last extremity. Will
not, then, the Whigs and Americans of the entire
South, impelled by their patriotic devotion to the j
Constitution and the Union, lay their prejudices
and animosities upon the altar of their country,
and cooperate with the Democratic pariy m placing
a national man, one who will administer the Gov-
ernmentupon broad and national principles, in the
presidential chair ?
Sir, I have the right to appeal to the Whigs and
Americans of my own district and State, who know
me well and have known me long, and to-day,
speaking from the capital of this agitated nation,
I invoke them, by their attachment to the Con-
stitution and the Union, by the memories of then-
patriotic sires, by all the hallowed associations
that cluster around thfi battle-fields of the Revolu-
tion, by the prayers and tears of the oppressed of
other nations, whose eyes and hearts are turned
to the example of this Republic, as the only hope
of their elevation in the tide of time, to act with
the national Democratic party, at least the
coming contest. I do not insist on your becom-
ing members of that party; but I do call upon
you, in this, the hour of our country's extrem-
ity, to cooperate with them, and not to give aid
and comfort, by division,"to the Black Republican
party.
I know that, by the conjoint efforts of some of
the leaders of the late American and Republican
parties, an effort is being made in my State to
organize what they call an "Opposition party."
There was a meeting held in the city of St. Louis,
the great commercial metropolis of my own State,
on the 30th of November last, hy the members of
tie American party and the Black Republicans,
at which various speeches were made, by some
of the distinguished members of the American
party, urging the propriety of organizing an "Op-
position party," to meet at the city of Jefferson,
and selcct men to carry the banner of the "Oppo-
sition" in the next gubernatorial contest. Ana at
least one half of the delegates to that convention
were Black Republicans; several of them distin-
guished men of that party, among whom was the
Hon. Prapcis P. Blair, former member of Con-
gress, and B. Gratz Brown, former editor of tire
Democrat, and Charles L. Bernay, editor of the
Anzeigen, two as rabid Black Republican papers
as there are in the West. With these men I
and my American friends were asked to .assem-
ble around the political council board.
Sir, the great body of the American party will
never so far forget the interests of their State
and country, that loyalty due to the Constitution
and the Union, as to act with a party of men who
belong to the "irrepressible conflict" sectional
party. Sir, I can assure them that they will call
in vain, so far as the Americans of my district
arc concerned, with the exception of a few, who
have, for many years, carried about with them
the odor of Black Republicanism. Sir,Missouri
will stand firmly by the South. Though assailed
on three sides by the iJbolitionized Black Repub-
lican party of two States and two Territories, she
will proudly maintain her allegiance to the Con-
stitution and the Union. Sir, the people of Mis-
souri are strongly attached to the South and its
institutions; and she will stand unfalteringly by,
and share with her in all the trials and difficulties
that await her, in sunshine or storm, in adversity
or prosperity, in weal or woe. Missouri has for-
ever linked* her destiny with her southern sisters,
and when they fall she falls;" when the northern
army of the gentleman from Pennsylvania shall
undertake to cross her domain, to " whip" the
southern people into subjection to their tyranny,
they will find it necessary to send on a second
army, to gather up the bones of the first, before
they ever reach the fair fields of the South.
Sir, my American friends say that they are op-
posed to the corruption and extravagance of tne
Democratic party. Admit it: so am I. But is it
not infinitely better to submit to it than place this
Government in the hands of a party who disre-
gard the provisions oftheConstitution,and whose
principles and policy lead to the destruction of
§4,000,000,000 worth of property in fifteen of the
States of tins Union, and, with that, the Union
itself; and who, I doubt not, would administer
this Government more corruptly and extrava-
gantly than any Administration that ever pre-
ceded it? Were there not corruptions and mal-
administration in some of the departments of
the Government, it would be unlike all other Ad-
ministrations that have preceded it, either in Eu-
rope or this country. There ever has been, and
ever will be, corruptions m all Governments with
so much machinery as ours, administered by
fallen man. Let us aid the honest men of the
party in correcting the abuses into which the Gov-
ernment hasfallen. But, sir, allow me to say that,
in my estimation, this is not a valid objection to
our cooperating with them in the maintenance of
great principles, essential to the preservation of
the Union and the just and equal participation of
all the States in the rights and blessings secured
by the Constitution.
Sir, I learn that it is the meditated purpose of
the scattered forces of the American party to unite
in the foimation of a new party, to be called the
"Union party." Where, sir, I inquire, are the
materials to be found sufficient, now almost upon
the eve of a great contest, for the formation of a
party that shall withstand this northern army of
political Goths and Vandals that are now pre-
cipitating themselves upon the Constitution and
the Union? Will you find them' in the North;
