I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. OF USPS,
a thousand pages of testimony; the reports alone
embracing rear one hundred pages, and after be-
ing discussed for two hours only, a proposition is
made that the discussion be continued at night to
empty benches. And even an appropriation bill,
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
is considered by the chairman of that committee,
of far higher importance than the unmaking and
making of a member of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman will allow
me to say that I did not at all desire to press the
discussion of this case last night. My purpose
was to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of taking up
an appropriation bill.
Mr. BARRET. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I am glad to know that I misapprehended
his purpose. But there are other gentlemen, as
well as I, who so construed his remarks. But I
will illustrate the manner in which such cases are
viewed by those who are to pass upon thum. A
distinguished gehtleman of the Republican party
the other day was seeking a pair upon this side
of the House, and I proposed to pair with him,
not thinking of my case at the time. " But," said
he, " will not your case come up ?" Then, for the
first time, it occurred to me that I could not vote
in my own case. Said I, "You have not made
up your mind on that ease, I hope, without any
investigation?" He said, "You know, Barret,
that we have to run with the machine; and you
know we are compelled by party pressure to do
agrcat many mean things." That was his remark.
[A voice," Who was it?" and cries of " Go on !"]
That was his remark, and it was a candid confes-
sion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the name of the gen-
tleman ought to be given.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to that. If anybody
is aggrieved, let him seek relief.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to know whatgen-
tleman made that remark.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Only the gentlemen
involved can call that the name shall be given.
Mr. SHERMAN. Anybody might say that it
was I just as well as anybody else; and the gen-
tleman ought not to have made the remark unless
he was willing to give the name.
Mr. PHELPS. Give no names.
Mr. BARRET. Shall this House,merely for
the purpose of running with a machine, disfran-
chise a whole district of one hundred and ninety
thousand people, and force upon them a Repre-
sentative whom they not only do not want, but
whom they have repudiated in the most emphatic
manner?
After these remarks I shall proceed to take up,
in a business way—and 1 am afraid I shall bo a
little tedious—the report of the majority of the
committee. The remarks of the contestant are but
the repetition of the broad assertionsand unfounded
statements with which he has caused the majority
report to be filled. His speech and that of the
gentleman from Massachusetts furnish 110 addi-
tional light in the investigation. The want of
proof, which is so glaring in the report, is not
supplied by either of the gentlemen who have ad-
dressed the House.
The increase of the aggregate of the vote seems
to give that committee the greatest trouble. There
were 13,865 votes castin 1856,and 19,356in 1858.
For Mr. Reynolds, the national Democratic can-
didate, there were 2,281 votes; for Blair, 6,035
votes; and for Mr. Kennett, the American candi-
date, 5,549. They dwell upon the increase of the
vote in the whole district, which is 4,776. They
say that the increase is too great, because the vote
of Blair and Breckinridge did not increase pro-
portionately. Why, Mr. Speaker, that was the
very principle upon which I succeeded. Had their
votes increased as much as mine, 1 should not
have obtained a majority. They stood still, whilst
I was running. That is the reason why I beat
them. But it is insinuated that there are not as*
many as 19,356 voters in the district; and upon
this is based charges of fraud.
I propose to show that there were 19,356 voters
in the city and county of St. Louis, by testimony
furnished by the contestant. The committee say
it would seem strange that there should spring up
suddenly in a community an increase of 5,000
votes. It would seem strange. But there is no
evidence that such was the fact-. Strange, they
say, that that increase should cast their votes in
a body for one candidate. There is no proof that
they did. The vote of 1858 was much larger than
that of 1856; but that is no evidence that there
were not as many voters as votes cast. In 1858,
the total vote, in the city of St. Louis alone, was
16,610. By the census, by Mr. Blair's political
census, a certified copy of which will be found on
page 946, you will see that there were in Septem-
ber and August, 1858, in the city of St. Louis
alone, 24,256 legal voters. Thus showing that
there were 7,646 legal voters whose votes were
not recorded at all in August, 1858. How many
of the 16,610 votes sprang up suddenly? Because
I received 7,057 votes out of near 25,000 voters,
contestant received 6,378, and Breckinridge 5,668,
is it to be presumed that the vote was fraudulent,
because it was larger than the vote of 1856?
The question is, were there as many as 16,610
voters in the city in August, 1858? The census
proves that there were 24,256, there being 7,646
who did not vote at all. At a subsequent elec-
tion—a mere municipal election—in April, 1859,
just eight months afterwards, there were 17,263
votes cast in the city alone.
The next question is, who received the greatest
number of the 16,610 out of 17,263, or out of the
24,256 legal voters? Again: how many votesdid
I take away from Blair and Breckinridge, and how
could they lose so many votes,and still makeup
their complement? That is the way to look at it.
To talk about the manner in which an increase
casts its vote is simply absurd. There is no evi-
dence that I obtained the vote of the increase.
The increase may all have gone for Blair and
Breckinridge. But the committee further com-
plain that the increase was not distributed all
over the district. On page 622 of the evidence,
all the precincts are given; and if you will com-
pare the vote of 1856 with that of 1858, you will
find* that there was an increase, all through the
district, (if it can be called an increase,) of my
vote over that of Reynolds in 1856. My vote was
larger than his in every precinct in the district.
But. there is a significant fact which I might as
well mention here. In the canvass of 1858, I led
my ticket, but Mr. Blair did not lead his.
Another important fact is, that the sheriff of St.
Louis, acandidate upon the same ticket with Mr.
Blair, was beaten by only 18 votes.
In the majority report it is said that the appli- 1
cation of the contestant for an inspection of the
ballots was resisted by the sitting member. It is
not true; and there is 110 evidence of the fact. The
notice of the intended application was given to
the sitting member whilst he was engaged in hold-
ing an exhibition as president, of the St. Louis
Agricultural and Mechanical Association; and he
paid no attention whatever to the notice. Con-
testant knew that he was so engaged; and con-
testant must have known, when he gave the no-
tice, that it was impossible for the sitting member
to be present. The sitting member took no no-
tice whatever of the application. There was re-
sistance made to the application by the attorneys
of the candidate elected to the sheriffalty; because
that officer supposed that this application of con-
testant was merely a ruse to get evidence for the
Republican candidate for sheriir, who at that time
proposed to contest the election of his opponent.
Contestant could not make people believe that he
was going to contend against a majority of six
or seven hundred. The sitting member did not
resist the application for an inspection of the bal-
lots. But resistance was made by the sheriff elect,
and upon proper grounds. Contestant made a
charge of the most general nature, to the effect
that there were many illegal votes cast. The
names of the illegal and fraudulent voters were
not given; nor their place of voting even. The
people had voted by secret ballot; and because
of a general charge of illegal voting, 110 one had
a right to expose the ballots of aii the voters;
nor was an inspection of the ballots necessary
to ascertain the illegal voters, if any. Had con-
testant specified the names of certain voters, and
charged them with fraud and illegality, he would
have had a right to inspect the ballots of the ille-
gal voters only, to ascertain for whom they cast
their votes. Under the law of elections in the.
State of Missouri, contestant had this right only/
But he was afraid to make any-specification of
names, lest the illegal votes thus charged might
be found, upon inspection of the ballots, to have
been thrown for him. His invasion of the rights
of all the voters in the district, in thus exposing
to the public their secret ballots, was done merely
to enable him to make out lists of such tts he de-
sired to haveeonsidered as illegal voters, and fur-
nish those lists to his census takers, that the tes-
timony affecting them might be manufactured,
accordingly.
But, says the majority report in this case:
" The evidence shows that great irregularities existed'at
nearly all the precincts; and just in proportion as these
irregularities were frequent and glaring, did the increase
vote for the sitting member over the vote eatt for the can-
didate ofhis party two years before show itself."
In what precincts were these irregularities?
Where is the testimony? Why was it not cited.'
The contestant has preferred nineteen charges.
The proceedings of the fourth ward are not at-
tacked in either. There is not one word of testi-
mony going to show any irregularity in the pro-
ceedings of the fourth ward. Yet this majority,
of the committee have thrown out, as illegal, 177
votes cast for the sitting member. In no other
ward have they thrown out such a number. And
yet there is no charge made, or proof offered, of,
any irregularity in the fourth ward. Contestant
himself has never claimed that there were more
than 150illegal votes cast in the fourth ward. Yet
the gentlemen of the committee who made this
report have thrown out 177 votes.
In 1856, Mr. Blair, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr.
Kennett, were the candidates for Congress in the
first district of Missouri. Their votes were as
follows: Blair, 6,035; Reynolds, 2,281; Kennett,
5,549. The majority of the committee say that
the relation of parties in 1858 was the same as it
was in 1856. They insist, throughout their re-
port, that Mr. Reynolds was, in 1856, the Admin-
istration candidate, and that the fact that the vote
of the sitting member in 1858 was 4,776 greater
than that of Mr. Reynolds in 1856, is evidence of
fraud; that the increased vote is unparalleled,
and cannot be accounted for, upon any other hy-
pothesis. Ofwhat Administration was Mr. Rey-
nolds then the candidate? Why does thegentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] call him
the Administration candidate? Mr. Buchanan was
then a candidate for the Presidency. The party
which nominated Mr. Blair were particularly fa-
vorable to the nomination and election of Mr.Buch-
anan. Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Blair were both
considered Buchanan men. Why, then, should
I be given the vote of Mr. Reynolds (2,281) in
1856? Why should my increase of 4,776 over his
vote be set down as evidence of fraud? As early
as 1852, the contestant and I were candidates for
the State Legislature. My vote was then, at that
early day, 5,929; Mr. Blair's, only 5,689. We
were both candidates again, in 1854, and again I
led Mr. Blair. Now, why not give me, to com-
mence with, my 5,929 votes of 1852?  Why not
give me my vote of 1854 ? Or, if I am the Admin-
istration candidate, give me the vote which the
Buchanan electors received in my district in No-
vember, 1856, only threemonthsafterMr. Blair's
election. The vote in that district for Mr. Buch-
anan was then 5,530; the Fremont elector not
receiving 300 votes in the whole district.
In 1854 Governor Polk, our present distin-
guished Senatoi,was a candidate for Congress in
St. Louis, and received only 380 votes. Would
it not be as reasonable to start me with his as
with the vote of Mr. Reynolds?
But who received the Buchanan vote in our dis-
trict in 1856, Mr. Blair or Mr. Reynolds? The
vote of Rt-ynolds was only 2,280; that of Blair
was 6,035; Buchanan's was 5,530. Then Mr.
Blair must have received as many as 3,249 Buch-
anan votes in 1856, which, deducted from his
vote, would leave only 2,786. Why did not the
majority of the committee start Mr. Blair with his
legitimate vote, to wit: 2,786? Had they done so,
it would have taxed even their ingenuity in the
calculation of increases to have been able to account
for Mr. Blair's vote of 6,631 in 1858, with the
Buchanan vote of 5,530 against him. It is in
