THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 11, 1860.
New Series No.' 175.
States, some of whom were then not members of
the Union, but have since sprung into existence
as the result of our success in that contest. In
that war, the Suites were obliged, necessarily, to
expend moneys for the defense of the people of
the State, in a war common to the whole United
States, not local in its character; and the Federal
Government, of course, was bound to reimburse
the States for these expenses. No onedoubts or
denies that. But the former mode of settlement
with the States had_been not to allow interest on
the basis on which it is allowed in transactions
between individuals; that is to say,-when a pay-
ment was made on account of a former disburse-
ment of a State, your accounting officers allowed
the payment as a payment against the principal
alone, without reference to the interest that had
then accrued. That is not the legal mode. It is
not" the mode adopted in the administration of
justice between men and men. Still, I was sat-
isfied with it, because, thinking it conventional
altogether, and as the accounts had all been
closed, I preferred it should remain. I therefore,
on these general grounds, resisted the bill to re-
open the accounts of the State of Maryland, ana
to restate her interest account on a different basis.
In the course of that argument, I said—1 shall
read but two short sentences from my remarks—
showing that I put it on the ground of a settled
account;
" The effcct of this bill, however, is to apply a different
rule of settlement inregaid to the accounts of the State
of Maryland iiom any that has hitheito obtained. The
inevitable result is, that if you change it in lefeience to
the State of Maryland, every other State will call upon
you to do the same tiling."
Again: 1 said, in reply to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland;
- As \et, howevei, 1 have heard no sufficient reason fol-
ate iu "the established practice ot the Government m ref-
ett'iic 1 to these accounts, as applied to the State of Mary-
land, which would not necessarily lead to an alteration of
the practice as to the accounts or all othei States similarly
situated."
I think that principle an obvious and just one,
and 1 do notsee how it is to be escapedfrom now.
In order to carry out my objection to any altera-
tion of the settled usage of the Government, and
after having argued the question of interest, 1
called for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
bill, and the Senate will see what the result was,
by looking at page 1528 of the Congressional
Globe of that year. There were 36 yeas, and 7
nays. Of course 1 considered further contest
hopeless, for 1 always bow to the decision of the
Senate when they choose to make it. If the vote
is very close, I may try the question over again;
but where, the majoiity is so decisive, I regard it
as the will of the body, and abide by it.
The bill to which I have alluded was founded
on a printed report, giving the reasons for the
change made by the committee to whom it was
referred. It was done with full deliberation. I
believe I was only member who contested it
on general grounds, though others asked for ex-
planations in the course of the debate. I called
for the yeas and nays, and was voted down by
the vote that I have mentioned. That bill did not
pass both Houses at t hat session, so as to bccome
a law; but in 1857 the same clause which that bill
contained with reference to the State of Mary-
land, was moved as an amendment to a general
appropriation bill on the recommendation of the
Committee on Finance, and it passed without a
division. .
Mr. PUGH. That remark that it passed with-
out a division would seem to do injustice. The
jlaim had been examined in the Senate as a pri-
vate bill, and debated and passed, and therefoie
when it was offered as an amendment to an appro-
priation bill, it was well known that it would pass,
and hence no recorded vote was demanded.
Mr. BAYARD. I mean to do no injustice. J
suppose the same thing operated on the""mmdsof
other Senators that did onmine; and, as on a sepa-
rate bill,after a full discussion, the Senate had sus-
tained the. principle of the claim by a vote of Jo
to 7, Senators thought it unnecessary to make
175
the objection, because the will of the Senate had
been so decisively shown oil a previous occasion.
That is what I suppose. That is what operated
on me; for I should have called for a division then
if I could have hoped to defeat it, and I presume
others acted on the same. view. They considered
the will of the Senate was so decisively expressed
in 1854 that it was useless to resist it. But hav-
ing expressed that will, the other House having
adopted that amendment, it having become a law,
without reference at all to the question of what is
to be paid under it—for I do not think, where itis
a question of right, the amount enters into it—in
my opinion, the same justice should be appliedto
the other States. When a claim which is urged
is a gratuity, the question of amount does enter
into it; but when it is a question of right, the
amountenters intoit thusfaronly: that it requires
greater deliberation and severer scrutiny for a
large amount than a small one. The principle
of this amendment was before the Senate then, and
was deliberately argued and was adopted by a de-
cisive majority; and afterwards so decisive was
that majority, that no Senator thought it worth
Ins while to make an objection to an amendment,
precisely as this is now offered, except that it
applied to one State instead of to all.
Then I come to the principle of right. Oil what
principle of right or justice is it that if you settle
the war debt of one State of this Union by an act
of Congress in 1857, by an amendment to an ap-
propriation bill, by a rule by which you allow that
State's account to be reexamined and opened and
adjusted on what cannot be denied to be a correct
rule, although it would have been better, in my
judgment, to adhere to the old one, you can re-
fuse to settle the accounts of other States, pre-
cisely similarly situated, on the same rule? As
regards the claim of my own State, thatis spoken
of, I am not aware that she has ever urged it here
as a claim. If she is entitled to it under this law,
of course, she will claim it; but I have never
claimed it as one of her, representatives, and I
have never been instructed to claim it. She was
willing to take whatever the law allowed her. As
one of her representatives, I was told outside, at
the time of my opposition to the Maryland bill,
that my State would have a claim under the same
principle. * That made no difference in my judg-
ment; and I put my vote now entirely on the
ground that, when Congress have chosen to de-
termine this question by allowing the restatement
of accounts as regards one State, there is no prin-
ciple of justice; there is no fair construction of
the Federal Constitution—which put all these
States on the same footing—which requires that
a disbursement made by one State in a war com-
mon to the whole country shall be settled with on
a basis more favorable to her, and the same basis
not to be extended to the other States of the Union
who stood in precisely the same condition.
That is the basis of my vote; but, at the same
time, if it is the will of the Senate to reject this
amendment, 1 shall make no factious opposition
to that will. I shall record my vote for it for the
reasons I have given. If the House of Repre-
sentatives reject it, I am not going to hazard the
appropriation bill by saying to them, " x ou must
put on this amendment;" for I go for no such
legislation under any circumstances. I will never,
by my vote, agree to force legislation upon the
other body, any more than I would agree that they
should force legislation upon us. I shall vote for
the amendment. What the House of Represent-
atives may do with it, I do not know.
But there is an objection raised by the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas, which I thought
' strange, because it intermingles with this ques-
tion a matter that has no connection with it.
The United States chose to pass a deposit act m
1836, under which large amountsof money were,
under the name of deposits, actually given to the
respective States. Every one knows that they
will never be recalled; but there can be no princi-
ple of justice in connecting that act with the one
now before you, because no matter whether the
Government is indebted to a State on a right mode
of calculation or not; no matter whether she has
borrowed money from a State or not, that would
not justify her m calling in a deposit from one
State alone, and not from all who at the same time
received the same deposit. If gentlemen think
that the funds of the Government are insufficient
for the purpose of carrying on the duties of the
Government, I, for one, am perfectly willing to
allow them, whenever they choose, to introduce a
bill to recall the deposits made under the deposit
act, and to recall them as to all the States to whom
the deposits were made, either in whole or in part, ■
just as the will of Congress says. There can be
no doubt we have a right to recall it; but there
can be no justice in resisting the claim of a State
on the ground that she had a deposit, and taking
that deposit from lier for the purpose of payment,
any more than there would be in refusing to pay
the claim. The two matters have no connection
whatever. It is no matter if New York received
four million, or another State one; every State re-
ceived her share under the deposit la\v. The
question is not now whether that money is to be
recalled, in part or in whole, from the States to
whom the deposit was made under the same law;
but the question is whether there is a just claim
on a totally distinct ground by these States, on
the ground that you have chosen to adjust the
accounts of the State of Maryland on a different
basis from the other States of the Union, and that
you have chosen also to adopt a rule, differing
from the original policy of the Government, as to
calculating interest, adopting the legal mode in
the settlement of accounts, for that has been done,
as I understand, in other and later eases. Most
certainly at the time when the law of 1857 was
passed, utid the accounts of Maryland were ad-
justed, the same argument would have applied,
and yet that account has been settled, and t.he
money paid.
What connection have the two things with each
other? The question of deposit is a question for
Congress to say whether the Federal Government
needs the money which she has deposited with
the States, under the name of a deposit, intended
as a grant, and chooses to recall it. If she re-
calls it from on,c, it would be double injustice to
say she should not recall it from all. Ill what-
ever proportion she calls back that deposit, she
is bound to call it back from every State that was
then a member of the Confederacy, and received
a share of that fund. The transactions are totally
distinct. I am willing to vote for a recall of any
portion of that deposit, or the whole of it, when-
ever Senators say the Government needs it, and
a bill comes before us asking it; but it must come
from all file States according to the proportions in
which they received it. That certainly would be
the fair principle; but what connection is there
between this case and that? If the Government
owes a State money, is she to pay it in that mode ?
The question is whether she owes it. Whether
she does owe it or not depends oil whether the
same justice which has been meted out to the
State of Maryland should not be meted out to the
other States of the Union that stood in the same
position.
Mr. President, 1 believe 1 have now fully stated
the view which I take of the propriety of this
amendment. I shall vote for it, I shall vote for
it because Congress pleased, at a former session,
on ail appropriation bill, to alter the geneial law
as to the mode of settling the accounts of the
States. The items on which interest is to he
allowed do not depend on that law. The items
were fixed by the law of 183G, as I understand;
but the mode of calculation on those items of war
expenses, which had been the former practice of
the Government, was abandoned by it in 1857,
when Congress passed the clause of the appropri-
ation bill wliieh lias been referred to with refer-
ence to one State, and therefore it is obliged to
abandon that mode of settlement in reference_ to
other States. Nor do I believe that this is going
to involve the Government to tbeextent that gen-
tlemen suppose. I do not think it follows, that
because you choose to adopt that mode ot settle-
