400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps.
evidence that I received many thousand votes in
1858 which had been cast for Mr, Blair in 1856;
but my vote in 1852, even, is all I ask to start with;
the natural increase will easily account for the
balance of the vote received by me in 1858.
We have seen that the whole vote drawn out in
the city of St. Louis in 1858, when there were 75
candidates in the field, was only 16,610; whilst at a
mere municipal election, in April, 1859, only eight
months afterwards, there were 17,263 votes cast.
But the majority of the committee have thought
proper to take the vote for Congress in 1856 as
the basis of their calculations; and they assert
that there has been no change in the relation of
parties. I beg leave to go back to 1856, and to
show them what were the relations of parties in
my district at that time, and to show how Mr.
Blair happened then to be the successful candidate.
in 1849, the defeat of Colonel Benton for the
United States Senate, and his appeal to the peo-
ple, brought about a division of the Democracy
into Benton and anti-Benton parties. In 1852,
Mr. Blair and I, from the Benton wing, were
elected upon a compromise ticket in St. Louis
county to the Legislature; and we were again
elected in 1854.
In 1855, the Benton and anti-Benton parties
passed resolutions offered by myself for a union
of the party, and they determined upon holding
one convention for the nomination of State officers.
Upon the 20th April, 1856, the united Democracy
met in convention at Jefferson City, and nomin-
ated for Governor Hon. Truston Polk. Mr. Blair,
knowing that his political existence depended
upon the divisions of the party, succeeded in draw-
ing off into a little convention of his own, just
delegates enough to secure notice, and in this sep-
arate convention he succeeded in having Colonel
Benton nominated for Governor. Of course this
would put aside Colonel Benton, and make sure of
Mr. Blair's nomination for Congress in Ike St.
Louis district.
Mr. Blair's convention passed resolutions con-
demning slavery agitation as the greatest enemy
of the peace and prosperity of Missouri; acqui-
escing; in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and opposing
its restoiation; denouncing abolitionism by its
name, Black Republicanism, &c. These resolu-
tions were unanimously passed, although Mr.
Blair was not only a member, but the manager of
that convention. Before its adjournment, that
convention, in order to express more fully its sen-
timents, appointed a committee of five to draft an
address to the people of the State, and set forth
the principles which actuated the convention.
In that address, which was published in Mr.
Blair's organ a few weeks after the adjournment
of the convention, may be found the following
significant language:
" By the enactment of the Kanea«-Nebra£.ka law, the
arbitrary obstruction to centra! growth has been repealed ;
but this gieut triumph of the true gemu  of Ameuca is sig-
nalized by ii malignant renewal ot slavery agitation in the
sea-coast Slates the North and the youth tlueatenmg civil
war on the prairies ot Kansas. The convention is, in all
paiticular*, and in the sternest sense,devoted to the main-
tenance of Slavery m the States, and to it-* jut>i extension
into any and every Territory where it may be peaceably
carried."
Appended to this address, as one of the com-
mittee of five, is the name of Francis P. Blair, jr.
It is true that Mr. Blatr had for some time ex-
pressed himself in fa\ or of making Kansas a free
State, and was suspected of being a Free-Soilor.
The Republican convention at Pittsburg had ap-
pointed him one of the national central committee;
and in his letter, declining to serve, he had ex-
pressed himself strongly m favor of the repeal of
the Kansas-Nebraska act, and the restoration of
the Missouri compromise.
But, whatever may have been his real senti-
ments, there never was a time that a convention
could pass resolutions which did not seem accept-
able to him, or frame a platform upon which he
was not willing to run.
"He wired in and wired out.
And lelt the people ^till in doubt,
Whether the snake that made the track
Wn going south or coming back.'5
His speeches in 1855 would lead us to suppose
that the sentiments of his convention in 1856, ex-
pressed through the published platform and ad-
dress, were his real sentiments. In one of those
speeches he said that a large proportion of the
soil of Kansas was adapted to the production of
hemp and tobacco, which could not be produced with-
out slave labor. His fear then seemed to be that,
if Kansas should become a slave State, she would
become a rival to the State of Missouri in those
great staples. He also said:
" The Kansas-Nebraska bill lias been especially perni-
cious to Missouri, for it has poured upon our frontier that
class of northern men against whom 90 many exceptions
have been taken, and who have come under the tacit obli-
gation to war against our institutions. Contrast the neigh-
borly and friendly conduct of the people of Iowa with that
which we may expect from the settlers sent out by the aid
societies of the East. No man has ever had occasion to
complain of the abduction of a slave from Missouri by our
Iowa neighbors ; and her Representatives in Congress have
always sustained the rights of the South in the amplest
manner Can we expect similar good offices from the peo-
ple of Kansas, if her government is modeled by the emi-
grants from the North? And whom shall we thank for
sending so many enemies upon our borders as aie already
there?"
At another time, when his loyalty to the Dem-
ocratic party was called in question, he spoke as
follows:
" I never yet have uttered a syllable that any gentleman
could construe to indicate a purpose of tampering with the
institution [slavery] in this State. I am a State-rights
Democrat, and would repel the maelunationsof any illegal
oiganization having lbi its object the extinction of slavery
in Missouii. The right to hold slaves is a right which be-
longs to the people of Mi^ouri. With these opinions of
slavery, I, as a citizen of Missouri, mint be the last to ex-
cite hostility to the institution in this State.'1
But Mr. Blair's convention, which thus rebuked
abolitionism by its name Black Republicanism,
and which authorized him to publish an address
expressive of devotion to the maintenance of sla-
very, and to us peaceable extension into any and
every Territory, sent delegates, with Gratz Brown,
Esq > editor of the Missouri Democrat, at their
head, to the Cincinnati convention; and it was
claimed by Mr. Blair's organ and his friends, that
Colonel Benton had forced the convention to nom-
inate Mr. Buchanan. After this a convention of
the friends of Colonel Benton and of Mr. Buch-
anan was held in 1856* and after indorsing the
platform of the Jefferson City convention, Mr.
B/nir was nominated as a candidate for Congress
in the St. Louis district. His opponents were
Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Kennett. With the name
of Colonel Benton on the ticket, who had so many
friends in St. Louis county, and many of them
foreign-born, Mr. Blair had but to charge anti-
Bentonism upon Mr. Reynolds, and Know Noth-
ingism on Mr. Kennett, m order to secure a large
Benton.vote.
Thus was Mr. Blair nominated for Congress in
1856, and his name was placed m his organ upon
the Benton-Deinocratic ticket—James Buchanan
for President; John C. Breckinridge for Vice
President; Francis P. Blair, jr., for Congress.
On the Saturday morning previous to the election,
some wag, who knew that Mr. Blair's position
was suspected, changcd the form of the Missouri
Democrat, by placing over the name of Mr. Blair,
" Black Republican ticket.'3 This was considered
a great insult, and sufficient cause for issuing an
extra of that paper, 111 which the following ap-
peared in large type:
" one 1 housako dollars reward.—A dastardlyfraud.
—Saturday, August 3,1856.—In this morning's issue ot th«s
Demoeiat, some infamous scoundrel inserted at the head
of the Suite ticket the line ' Black Republican.' This act
lias been the work of our political toes, accomplished by
Imbeiv ; and all paities concerned will be publicly exposed
as soon as the lacU are elicited.
"The rewaid will be paid by calling at this oflice."
Mr. Blair, the State-rights Democrat, the owner
of a large number of slaves, running upon a pro-
slavery platform, upon a Benton-Buchanan Dem-
ocratic ticket, was elected by 488 majority over
Mr. Kennett. He and his organ claimed it after
all as a Black Republican victory, and it was hailed
as such by the papers in the North. After elec-
tion the gentleman lionized throughout the North
as the great champion of freedom from a slave
State. After election he had no eyes, no ears,
no understanding for anything like slavery.
"Menchange with fortune, manners change with climes;
Tenets with books, and principles with times.5'
At this time there was an old Benton Demo-
crat who seemed to have some doubts of this Ben-
ton-Buchanan candidate, and he took the pains
to speak with him upon the subject. He says,
in a letter to me, which I have in my pocket, that
Mr. Blair seemed hurt that there should exist any
suspicion of his loyalty; that Mr. Blair left him
with the impression that he would, if elected, sup-
port Mr. Buchanan's administration with all his
power; that the satisfactory answers which he re-
ceived from this candidate induced him to cast his
vote for him in 1856.
But let me remark here, Mr. Speaker, that this
old Benton Democrat did not vote for Mr. Blair
in 1858; and I here state that, to my knowledge,
there were thousands of others who refused to
vote for him in 1858 for the same reason. This,
Mr. Speaker, was a glorious victory of,a Buchanan
Democrat over what the majority of the commit-
tee choose to call an Administration Democrat.
We know not which most to admire, the bril-
liancy of the victory or the adroitness of the ma-
neuver. The Missouri Democrat seems to have
been more deeply impressed with the former.
I beg leave to read the following article from
that paper, which, in its complimentary style,
characterizes the paper at .once as the gentleman's
own organ:
"Francis P. Blair, Jr—This gentleman, Hon. F. P.
Blair, jr., is elected to the next Congress by a majority
which, m itself, tianscends all newspaper compliments,
fie goes there to represent the working men of this great
western metropolis. He is not a dilletanti legislator. lie
is the embodiment of this great and growing city in all its
aspects, commercial, political, social, economical.' and
otherwise. He goes there, too, we must say, borne upon a
victory the like of which never carried any other man to
the Congress of the United States."
His majority was 486; mine, 607.
" His reputation, won in the hall of the limine of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Missouri, is that of the Randolph
of the West. His ti iumph is unexampled in the history of
the country. Ilia, influence with men of all paities, lrom
The Nouh and troin the South, from the East and fiom the
Wo<t, will give him a sway from which we expect great
things lor Missouri. His talents, his courage, his social
qualities, his generous tempciament, his industiious zeal,
will make him, wo daio predict, the rtMtn ot' the next Con-
gress. That we should congratulate oui citizens; upon his
election is natural. And yet we venture to say, that should
he come up before them again two years he-nce, his hold
upon their affections and jiidgmentwill have increased so
laigely that they will wondei and marvel to themselves how
lie could have met with the opposition hehasieceivedin the
j psossent canvass. lie will make the stai Repie^cntativeol*
I the West; and St. Louis will be pi oud to boa-tthat Mie has
; the mo-t emphatic voice in the councils of the nation of
| ot any cit> in the Union."
This embodiment cf the great and growing city of
St. Louis, this man of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, the
blur Representative > the Randolph of the West, did
come before the people two years after the elec-
tion in 1856; and the people did wonder and mar-
vel to themselves. His presentation of himself as
the Republican candidate, advocating emancipa-
tion in Missouri; making war upon the institu-
tions of his State; maJting war upon the policy of
Colonel Benton's whole'"life, and vilifying with
the most malignant abuse the party under whose
banner he had been elected, did cause the people
to marvel and wonder to themselves. A number
of causes led to young Randolph's defeat in 1858.
Among them his variance with Colonel Benton
may bo named. Colonel Benton -had always op-
posed the agitation of the subject of slavery in the
State or nation. His doctrine was, non-interveii-
i tion, no agitation, security to property, tranquillity
to the people. Mr. Blair knew well Colonel Ben-
ton 's sentiments. He had commended him at one
tune for his opposition to the Missouri restric-
tion, and also the Kansas restriction; and he chal-
lenged any (one to show anything in Benton's
whole life inconsistent with a stern, resolute, and
unwavering opposition to slavery agitation. Mr.
Blair had heard Colonel Benton say that lie had
caused to be inserted into the constitution of Mis-
souri the clause concerning emancipation, to pre-
vent agitation of the subject. He had heard him
say:
a Piopeity is timid, and slave property above all. It is
not light to distuib the quietude of the owner; to haiass
him with groundless approhen*ions. It is a pnvate wiong
to disturb a single individual, by making him believe his
property is insecure. It becomes a public evil to disturb a
whole community."
But soon after his election, in 1856, Mr. Blair
and his friends inaugurated in the State an eman-
cipation movement, and commenced open hostil-
ities against the life-long policy of him to whom
he owed his election in 1856. This was the cause
of bitter complaint on the part of Colonel Benton; .
