822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
from what party are they to come ? You cannot
cxpect them from the Democratic party. The
northern wing of that organization is composed
of-the firmest and most unyielding men, in my
opinion, that have existed since the foundation of
this Government. Sir, they are men of sterling
and indomitabl6 principles and patriotism—men
■who have been purified by the fires of persecution
through which they have passed. The men who
can now stand up in the non-slaveholding States
and defend the South, and demand that her con-
stitutional rights shall be sustained, are men who
will never leave the party under whose banners
they have fought so long and so nobly/, much less
will they e.ver unite with a party of men who ex-
pect to obtain recruits from the sectional army
who have so long sought to dig their political
graves. No, sir, let not demagogues and politi-
cians deceive you. If the Whig party could not
be sustained in the non-slaveholding States—a
purer and better Union party than will ever exist
again in this country—tell me how can you ex-
pect to form a party now, in the present unsound
political condition of the North, that will guaranty
to the South her constitutional rights? It cannot
be done.
Sir, we had a specimen of their reliability dur-
ing the ballot for Speaker. The People's party of
Pennsylvania pledged their votes for the honora-
ble gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,]
the Opposition candidate and an old-line Whig.
When the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Maixory,] as the organ of the Opposition
party, put him in nomination, a Democrat inquired
if he could obtain votes sufficient to put him within
the reach of the Democratic party ? The gentle-
man from Kentucky, trusting to the deliberate and
solemn pledges of his anti-slavery, Union allies,
answered, very emphatically, " that he could."
Then an opportunity to quiet, to some extent, the
fearful forebodings of the public mind, and fpr
party men to make an exhibition of patriotism,
was presented, such as is seldom witnessed in the
lifetime of a nation. The Democratic party, rising
, above mere selfish ambition and a desire for party
triumph and aggrandizement, most nobly and
proudly met the crisis. Sir, they rose in the maj-
esty of pure patriotism and loyal devotion to tho
country, and every man of that party from the
fifteen slaveholding States, and all from the North,
(except throe,) brought their tribute of partisan-
ship and selfishness, and buried it here a conse-
crated sacrifice for their country's safety and peace,
and thereby, in the estimation of a great people,
covered themselves with imperishable honor.
No sooner was it whispered around this Hall,
that Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, the only rep-
resentative upon this floor of that old and hon-
ored, but now scattered and dismembered, Whi"
party, was elected to the Speakership, than the
pretended representatives of the "northern con-
servative,Umon element," who were to be the nu-
cleus in the non-slaveholding States around which
this "Union party" was to gather, rose from their
seats, one after another, and changed their votes
from the distinguished Whig to a Black Repub-
lican, thereby defeating tho election of Mr. Smith.
Are these the sectional men into whose hands
my American friends arc willing to intrust the
destiny of the South, the Constitution, and the
Union? Sir, I boldly announce from this Hall,
to-day, to my constituents, that the only party in
all the North, true to the Constitution and the
equality of tho States—who know no North, 110
South, is the Democratic party. Let the Amer-
ican party, then, at h ast in the approaching State
and presidential elections, exhibit their patriot-
ism and anxious desire for the perpetuation of the
Union, by cooperating with the national Demo-
cratic party. Let all the Union men, everywhere
throughout the entire country, band together dur-
ing this fearful struggle, under the banner of that
party, and make one mishty effort to save our
country from the grasp of a sectional party. Let
the South at least, present the admiring spectacle
of a united people in defense of the Constitution
and the Union: not united, if you choose, upon the
subject of slavery, or any sectional policy, but ;
united in resistance to the aggressive and uncon- I
sUtutional policy of the Black Republican party I
Sir, it is well enough for us to remember that i
more than eighty years ago this Government was
organized by the sages of the Revolution, with I
a population of less than three million inhabit- I
ants, and thirteen States, sparsely populated.
Under the Constitution adopted by Lleiui, we have
increased to near thirty million inhabitants, and
thirty-three States; we have become a .great and
powerful nation; we are still a united people; but
there is a rumbling volcano beneath our feet,
whose pent-up fires, if fanned but a little more,
will burst out with a fury that will consume this
Union. Sir, my sincere hope is, that such a ca-
tastrophe may never happen. My ardentprayer
to the sovereign Ruler of the universe is, that the
sun of American liberty may never set; that this
great confederation of States may march on, step
by step, year after year, century after century, to
still greater advancements, in all that constitutes
the happiness of a people, and the glory of agreat
nation, and yet present to the admiring gaze of the
Old World the sublime spectacle of hundreds of
millions of free, intelligent, happy beings.
But, sir, whether or not this shall be our des-
tiny, depends upon the virtue, intelligence, and
forbearance ofthe American people, and the sacred
regard that the North shall manifest for the con-
stitutional rights ofthe South. Can it be, sir, that
we are to fall from our elevated position ? Is this
proud fabric of Government to be torn down ? Is
this Union, cemented by the blood of our fathers,
to be destroyed by the folly and fanaticism of
northern demagogues ? No; I will not, I cannot
believe it. May the Almighty, in the extension
of that mercy and protection which has been thus
far vouchsafed to us, cause that flag which waved
over the army of Washington, and that has ever
since continued to wave triumphantly over sea
and land, to float, for long ages, over the Capitol
of this great nation, fanned by the zephyrs of
heaven, freighted with love and mercy, with no
rent in it, and no star blotted out; and that star
after star (representing other States yet to be
formed) may, in future years, be added to the
bright constellation, until all the inhabitants of
this continent shall enjoy tho civil and religious
blessings so necessary to the honor find happiness
of man.
Now, sir, in conclusion, I desire to announce
upon this occasion, in order that the declaration
may reach the ears of my constituents, that my
political ambition is satisfied—yea, more than sat- j
lsficd; that I have 110 longer any desire for official
station; and that when this Congress terminates '
I hope to retire to the peaceful and tranquil walks
of private life, and therein spend the residue of
my days, in the bosom of my family, my friends,
and the constituents who have so highly honored
me, and the Union.
Mr, FENTON obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to a motion for the committee to
rise ?
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman will excuse
me. I promise not to detain the committee more
than a few moments. -
Mr. ELY. I hope my colleague will be per-
mitted to proceed with his remarks.
_ Mr. FENTON. Mr. Chairman, Ihad very little
right, and less desire, to engage in a discussion of
the politics of the country prior to the organiza-
tion of the House. The purpose of myself and
those with whom I acted, during the eight weeks'
contest, was first to organize, provide for the cred-
itors of the Government—some of whom were on
the verge of bankruptcy—and dispatch tho public
business; and while thus, out of regard for the
public good, and in submission to parliamentary
pcopriety, for other purposes, we were manacled,
handcuffcd, and touguc-tied, gentleman 011 the
other side of this Hall made onset with violent
disunion and secession speeches, and with daily
perversions of our principles and motives. Our
object was peace and fraternal feeling; and we
were opposed by disorder, acrimony, and menace.
I would not complain alone of disunion bluster,
since what has been, perhaps must be; and since,
moreover, it has become almost as necessary to
the country from early introduction and periodi-
cal use down through our history, as the blight
and frost of the season, or the yearly circuit* of
the menagerie. •
At onetimetheUnionwastobedestroyedbythe
nght of search; at another by the United States
Bank; then again by the tariff'; by the election of
Fremont 111 1856; and finally its doom was irre-
vocably sealed the other day, by the late John
Brown, and Helper's Impending Crisis. It is not
this that calls for reply, and it is not to this I
speak, but to repel unjust and unfounded assaults
upon my constituents, and my party; and to vin-
dicate, as well as I can, my country and its his-
tory. 1 blush with indignation at the misrepre-
sentationsandperversions which gentlemenon the
other side of this Hall have indulged in; and did
I not reflect that unfairness and wrong on the part
of intelligent men are the expedient of conscious
weakness and error, I should suppose they had
been touched as with the spear of Ithuriel, which
made them start forth into the deformity revealed
during this controversy.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] en-
deavored, in his usual able and ingenious manner,
to place this controversy on vantage grounds from
philosophical and logical deductions, disclaiming,
however, the desire, and discarding the attempt of
his associates to hold the Republican party re-
sponsible for the acts or excesses of individuals,
or as affording evidence of the position and prin-
ciples of our party.
But he asserts that agreat change upon the sub-
ject of slavery has " come o'er the spirit of our
dream;" that the cloud, which was no bigger than
a man's hand, now covers the whole northern
horizon; and that our people have really, within
the last few years, become an intensely anti-sla-
very people, with aims at once aggressive and
alarming to the Safety of the South—the logical
result of all which is the ultimate extinction of
their favorite institution. If the basis of his argu-
ment be correct, possibly the result indicated
would follow; in this instance, however, I must
think the honorable gentleman has been singu-
larly infelicitous in his statement" in respect to
public sentimentand his study of political history.
May be he prefers for himself and his friends to
"repose in the vagueness of a fallacy, rather than
to be tormented with the precision of a logical
definition." • ■
The sentiment of the North upon this question
lias undergone no change; it is the same now,
with a few exceptions of extreme ultraism for and
against slavery, that it was in the earlier and bet-
ter days ofthe Republic. Thepeopleofthe North,
at an early day, believed with all your early states-
men, that slavery was a political, moral and social
evil, and in time they rid themselves of it, in har-
mony with their better convictions of duty. But
it is true, that not. until recently has this great and
fixed anti-slavery sentiment, ever existing with
the northern masses, found it important, yea ne-
cessary , to take the form of political organization.
But a few years since, the men who now make up
this great Republican party, were mainly classi-
fied as Whigs and Democrats, and were they not
then as now, moved by the same hatred of this
curse to free labor andto freemen, and by the same
deep-seated opposition to its extension over the
free soil of this continent? Look over the record
of public men and public bodies, and there see the
almost universal testimony; see still further in the
retrospect, that your fathers and our fathers pro-
claimed that men were created with equal, natu-
ral rights, and that the enslavement of man, of
whatever color, was an invasion of these natural
rights, and a violation of tho spirit and genius of
our free institutions. They held it to be an op-
probrium to civilization; hence they sought to
■-.ircumscribe it—to preserve soil then free, forever
free, from its dark and blighting tread. They
pushed it aside, with all possible haste, from a ma-
jority of the original thirteen States; theypro-v ided,
as was supposed, for its gradual decay, by cutting
off the foreign supply; and ill every way th.-y
sought to build up and around it a cordon of fixe
territory, and free States, and free sentiment, that
shouldcxhaleanatmosphereof liberty that slavery
must breathe or die. And do gentlemen ask, why,
therefore, this Republican party is commissioni d
with these great and sacred purposes of the found -
ers of the Republic? I will tell them why. It is
because they have violated these first covenants;
because they have mocked at the faith of the fa-
thers; because they have sought to desecrate the
rightful heritage of free labor. It was not until
after all this, and not until they had taken posses-
sion of a great party, and turned it into an instru-
ment of aggression, a sort of Zouave force, read y
and eager for work of carnage and slaughter, that
H"?! •^°.rtile™1 and unyielding sentiment
clothed itself with the prerogatives of organiza-
tion.
