1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
that Jefferson looked upon and denounced it as
the lcneU of the Union. The great leader of the
Republicans boldly and truly declares that the
question of 1820 is the question of 1860; and he
is now marshaling his hosts again to sound that
knell of the Union. Mr. Seward might have gone
further. He might have said, not only that the
question of 1820 was the question of 1860, but that
it turned upon the same principle, was applied to
the same subject, and had in contemplation the
same object. As Mr. Seward himself puts his
party on the same platform with Rufus King and
the Federalists in 1820, it is wholly unnecessary
forme to press that point any further.
In 1825 anew division of parties occurred anom-
alous in character. It originated more in a per-
sonal struggle between distinguished men of the
same political faith, than in any marked difference
of principle. The election ofPresidentwas brought
into the House of Representatives. Mr. Clay
(no doubt conscientiously) threw his influence in
favor of Mr. Adams, and secured his election.
Clay and Jackson were both members of the Dem-
ocratic, or, as then called, Republican party. The
violent feud that arose between the respective
friends of these two distinguished men was pro-
longed to the next presidential election, and formed
the basis of new political combinations. Mr.
Adams, whom Mr. Clay had elected by his influ-
ence, was a northern man with strong northern
prejudices. He naturally attracted to him the
northern Federalists. Clay, being the acknowl-
edged leader of the party which sustained Adams's
administration, soon had enlisted under his banner
the great body of those who, with Rufus King,
had attempted to abolitionize Missouri in 1820.
They enlisted under the banner of Clay, not
because they had any particular affection for him
or his principles. The previous political career
of Mr. Clay commanded none of their sympathies;
yet they went there in the hope that his talents
and popularity would secure success, in which
event they designed to mold the policy of the
party to suit their own peculiar views. It was
the stand-point from which they chose to make
their future assaults on the Constitution. The
Federalists had, time and again, disgraced them-
selves in the estimation of the great body of the
American people, and all hope of regaining power
under the old party title was gone. They suc-
ceeded, to some extent, in shaping the policy of (
the Whig party in favor of a national bank, high j
protective tariff, and a gigantic plan of internal j
.improvements by the Fcdtial Government. All j
of these measures involved, in a greater or less
degree, the principle of latitndinarian construc-
tion which lay at the foundation of the old Federal
creed.
It was this that made the Whig party strong
at the North, and weak at the South and West.
Southern Whigs adhered to the organization be-
cause of its conservative characteristics and their
great affection for Mr. Clay. Its northern doc-
trines were barely tolerated, but never cordially
indorsed, by its leading southern members. They
were all at last abandoned or modified. Its two
most distinguished leaders, Clay and Webster,
were m turn sacrificed by the northern wing of
the party, because they loved their country bet-
ter than they loved northern prejudice and fanat-
icism. Upon the subject of the tariff Mr. Clay
said, m 1844, "No protection for protection;" and
he never could get a nomination for President
from his party after that. Mr. Webster sup-
ported and upheld the compiomise measures of
1850, including the fugitive slave law. He was
ostracized by the northern Whigs, and refused a
hearing in Fanueil Hall. Even Mr. Fillmore
was beheaded for performing his duty. At last
the gallant old Whig party went down, to rise no
more. Its northern wing became completely abo-
litionized, and the southern wing, in part, went
into a new organization, and the residue rallied
under the banner of the only national constitu-
tional party in the Union, the Democracy, In
searching among the rums of-the old Whig party,
the foot-prints of its destroyers are plainly visible.
Th(.'SEWARDs,Giddingscs,and Greeleys first pol-
luted witJi their sectionalism, and then destroyed,
a party for whicii they never had any affection,
and onlyused so long as they could make it avail-
> able for their purposes.
It was during this division of parties into Whigs
and Democrats, that the slavery question in Con-
gress assumed its most fearful aspect and most
dangerous form. This was m the form of an at-
tempt to use the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to abolish slavery in the Territories and the
District of Columbia. It was a revival of the
question of 1820, and involved the same latitudi-
narian construction of the Constitution, always
upheld by the Federalists and always opposed by
the Democrats. From 1830 to 1838 the tables of
both Houses of Congress were filled with aboli-
tion petitions and memorials. This continued
session after session, growing in strength and in-
tensity. This movement received no countenance
from either of the political parties, except northern
Whigs.* Northern Whigs indirectly supported
the movement of the Abolitionists, under the pre-
text of vindicating the right of petition. The
Democrats, North and South, contended then, as
they contend now, that slavery in the Territories
and slavery m the District of Columbia was be-
yond the jurisdiction of Congress, and, therefore,
not a subject to which the right of petition could
December, 1838, the Democratic party in
this House proclaimed to the world the Democratic
doctrine on these questions. I commend their
Democracy to the consideration of those gentle-
men now m the Republican party who still claim
to uphold Democratic pi inciples. Particularly do
I commend the doctrine to the consideration of
those gentlemen who, in a few short months,
have met with arguments so overwhelming, that
they are converted to the Republican faith, and
are rapidly becoming shining lights in the new
church. This Democratic doctrine was pro-
claimed in the form of resolutions introduced by
Mr. Atherton, of New Hampshire, and voted for
by all the Democratic members. They are about
twenty-two years old, were promulgated while
Andrew Jackson was still living, and under the
auspices of the old Jackson guard. There were
Grundy, Benton, Woodbury, Cass,'Buchanan,
Linn, King, Silas Wright of New York, and a
host of others no less worthy, who then led the
Barty, and who, it is fair to suppose, understood
'emocracy m those days. 1 will now proceed to
read the resolutions, for the benefit of the Repub-
licans, who claim to be Simon-pure Democrats in
principles. They are as follows:
" Resolved, That this Government is a Government of
limited powers, and that, by the Constitution ol the United
States, Congress has no jui [--diction whatever over the
institution or Maveiy in the several States of the Confed-
eracy.
" Rcsohwi, That petitions for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia and the Territories of the United
States, and agamst the icmoval of slaves irom one State to
anotlK;i, ate a pait of a plan of opeiation-5  et on loot to
alfeet t!i" institution of siawry in the several States. and
thus nidireetly to destroy that institution within then
lumts.
" Resolved, That Congress ha* no right to do that iudt-
icctly which it cannot do directly; and that the agitation
of the subject of slavery in the District of Columbia, or the
Teintoaes, as a means, and with the view, of distmbing
or ovoithiowmg that institution m the several States, is
agaim-tthe true spirit ond meaning of the Constitution, an
minngcmon? of tho rights of the States affected, and a
breach of the public faith upon which they entered into the
Confedeiacy
(* Resolved* That the Constitution rest5? on the broad prin-
ciple ol equality am^ng the member* of tins Confedeiacy,
and that Congress, in the exercise of its acknowledged
powers, has no naht to discriminate between me institu-
tions of one portion of the States and another, with a view
of aboii-shim; the one and promoting 'lie othci.
"Resolved, therefore, That all attempts on the part of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Columbia or
the Tetutories. or to piohibzt tne lemoval ot slaves from
State to State, or to disci .ruinate between the institutions
ot one portion of the Confedeiacy and anothei, with the
views aforesaid, aie m violation of the Constitution, de-
stiuctive of the fundamental piinciple on which the Union
of these State* io^u, and beyond the juiisdiction of Con-
gress ; and that even petition, memoilal, resolution, prop-
osition, or paper, touching or i elating in any way, or to any
extent whatever, to slavery as afoiojaid, or the abolition
thereof, '.hall, on the piesentanon thneoi, without any im-
thei action theieon, be laid upon the table, without being
debated, printed, oi retorted.*'
Sir, I wonder that the cheeks of some of our
public men do not mantle with the blush of shame
when they, with such daring effrontery, profess
to stand on the old Democratic piatfoim, while
: in truth they are making war on every principle
which the old Democracy upheld.
The doctrine of the Atherton resolutions was
substantially incorporated into the national Dem-
ocratic platform, by the national convention of
j 1840, and has remained there ever since. That
  platform has only undergone such alterations as
> were necessary to exemplify the application of its
principles to new questions as, from time to time,
they have entered into the politics of the country.
Every new question is tried by the touchstone of
the Constitution, and if the proposition imolved
does not fill the measure and stand the test it is
discarded. It is true that sometimes fragments
and factions of the party bend before temporary
popular excitements and prejudices, but the great
mass remainsfirmandtruetoitsprinciples. Those
who fly off either right themselves very soon, or,
like Arnold, they seek refuge in the enemy's camp,
where they become objects of public scorn, and
are despised even by their new-found friends.
The next epoch to which I shall invite atten-
tion is that of 1847. Like the Federalists in the
war of 1812, so their successors and imitators, in
1847, took advantage of the war with Mexico to
strike another blow in the same direction, on the
same principle, and for the same purpose. They
undertook to clog appropriation bills, nccepsary to
secure a treaty of peace, and to clog the treaty-
making power itself with restrictions, for the
open and avowed purpose ofdiscriminating against
the institutions of one section of theUnion. Such
was the Wilmot proviso. The principle involved
was the same as that in the issue of 179S and
1820, but carried a step further, in an attempted
usurpation of the treaty-making power. The
design was to weaken and restrict the South, and
prevent the expansion of a system which past his-
tory had shown was always in conflict with their
consolidation doctrines.
Again they were met by that old Democratic
party, on whose banners were inscribed the equal-
ity of the States and a strict construction of the
Constitution. The patriotism and firmness of the
Democracy defeated the Wilmot provisoists. The
treaty of Guadalupe had hardly been signed
before a fierce controversy sprung up over the
newly-acquired Tciritoiies. Ihe Frce-Soilers of
the North claimed the right to exclude southern
institutions, by act of Congress, from every foot
of the new Territories. They cited the Missouri
compromise as a precedent for the power. The
South denied the power, but asked that the Mis-
souri line might bo extended to the Pacific, as a
compromise. The North repudiated the compro-
mise, and refused to extend it to the Pacific. For
a time the Union itself was seriously in danger.
The question was finally settled, by the joint ef-
forts of good and patriotic men of both the great
political parties of the country, by the adoption
of a new compromise. The new compromise
repudiated that of 1820, which the North had re-
fused to abide by. The North got every foot of
territory in dispute; the South got a fugitive slave
law and a recognition of the principle of non-
intervention. Faithless to all compion ises, the
anti-slavery party commenced agitation for the
repeal of the fugitive slave law, and at the same
time adopted, wherever they had the power, a
system of nullification of its provisions. Four
years after tho compromise of 1850, when its prin-
ciple—non-intervention—was attempted to be ap-
plied to Kansas, they repudiated that, as they
had before repudiated the compromise of 1820.
Such,Mr. Chairman, is a faithful history, briefly
set out, of that great political organization (which
has always existed here under some name—first
one, and then another) in reference to the ques-
tions which have, from time to time, been prom-
inent before the country; that organization, sir,
which has always persisted in this war of sec-
tions and classes, and which is now aimed and
arming for the " irrepressible conflict."
I cannot do this party full justice without re-
ferring to a new issue which they have recently
presented, in principle and purpose harmonizing
with their previous doctrines and policy. Iam
not here, sir, to defend the present land system of
the United States. I regard that system as radi-
cally wrong. The ownership,by the FederalGov-
ernment, of nil tho public domain within the limits
of the sovereign States is, in my judgment, incom-
patible with the independence and sovereignty of
the States themselves. Now that the war debt of
the Revolution is paid, the true theory of our sys-
tem demands that, when a Territory becomes a
State, the grasping hand of Federal authority
should be withdrawn from the soil within her lim-
its, and the whole surrendered up to the local gov-
ernment, which alone ought to have power and
influence over its internal concerns. I would not
make of this a question of dollars and cents be-
