2786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
merit in reference to the States, you are, therefore,
obliged to adopt it in ail other cases. I believe that
this amendment contemplates that hereafter in ail
cases as regards the States of the Confederacy,
that mode of settlement shall be adopted in con-
tradistinction to the old mode. 1 do not mean to
say it is the wiser course; 1 would rather the old
law had been left to stand; but you have altered
that in one case, and if you do not choose to alter
it generally, at least every State of this Confed-
eracy that stood in the same position with Mary-
land in the war of 1812, that incurred expenses in
the same mode, should be entitled to the same
justice in the settlement of her accounts.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I do not mean
to enter into any argument, persuasive or other-
wise, in an attempt to lead any Senator on this
floor to vote for this amendment. What I desire
to do is only to place the State of Virginia right
upon the subject, that it may bo seen upon the
records of the country exactly what her position
is—misconceived and therefore misstated by some
honorable Senators who preceded me. At the
last session of the Legislature of that State, in
March, I860, amongst other resolutions adopted
instructing her Senators and requesting her Rep-
resentatives as to certain matters of interest to
her, in the relations between her and the Federal
Government, these resolutions were adopted:
ci jRe&oiwcrf, That Thomas Green and John A. Puiker be,
and are herehy, continued as agents of the State, to recover
from the Government of the United States all interest,
arrears of interest, or other moneys due liom said Gov-
ernment to the Commonwealth ot Vnginiu, on account of
advance* made by the said Commonwealth for the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
" Resolved, That the Governor of this Commonwealth be
requested to have transmitted to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress a copy of this repoit and ac-
companying resolutions.'3
Now, the idea thrown out by the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas—in connection with which,
as I understood him, he fully acquitted the Sena-
tors from Virginia upou this floor—that Virginia
had proffered this claim because of any embar-
rassment, or supposed embarrassment, resulting
from her late extraordinary expenditures in pro-
tecting her own territory from incursions from
other States, is utterly unfounded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to say one word?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That expres-
sion does not meet with any concurrence on my
part, in the sense in which the Senator has used
it now. I am not aware that 1 used it in the
sense in which he has used it now; but if I did,
it was certainly wrong. The name of the Old
Dominion is too sacred to me to wish to defame
it, and I can never engage willingly in an act of
that sort. I alluded to a rumor or report that
had met my ears. In the urgency and in the ex-
citement of feeling, I know how utterly unguarded
lam; but certainly, I disclaim any intention to
cast the first reflection; and if, by chance, 1 have
uttered anything that casts one, I take it back. I
believe 1 ought never to have alluded to it at all;
but the explanation I have now made, I think,
mur.t be entirely satisfactory.
Mr. MASON. I did not understand the Sen-
ator as throwing any imputation on Virginia, but
as expressing, only from rumor, that the claim
had been proffered by Virginia because of such
alleged extraordinary expenditures on her part.
The Senator did nothing more, as 1 understood
him, than to say that nothing of the kind had
fallen from the Senators from Virginia; but that lie
had heard it m rumor. I am very-much gratified
to hear the Senator's expression of feeling in refer-
ence to that State, which I know he entertains.
Sir, Virginia has proffered this claim from no
causes of that character whatever; and if any
proof were wanting, it is found in the fact that
the claim was before Congress in her name, with
that of other States, more than two years before
the affair alluded to occurred.
I have said that I did not mean to address any
argument, persuasive or otherwise, to Senators to
vote for this amendment. I want only that it
shall be understood by the country how Virginia
stands connccted with it. More by the accentua-
tion than in any other manner, something seems
to separate Virginia in this matter from the other
States, because of the fact, that the sum to bo paid
to her is much larger than to any other State.
That appears to be so from the evidence that is
brought from the Treasury. What caused it?
What caused the larger sum to be due to Virginia?
Becausc she advanced the larger principal. That
is the only reason. Virginia incurred a larger
obligation on account of the Federal Government
than any other State.
M^\ JOHNSON, of Arkansas. She was more
patriotic and advanced more.
Mr. MASON. The money that is to be paid
under this amendment is to be paid for interest,
and interest only. The amount of interest, of
course, depends upon the amount of the principal,
out of which it arose. I have never looked at the ac-
counts ; I do not know the extent of these advances;
but the fact being unquestioned, that whatever is
paid is to be paid for interest yet unaccounted for,
and that the amount of the payment, therefore,
depends, of course, on the amount of the princi-
pal; then, if it be true, as doubtless it is, that the
sum to be received by Virginia is larger than that
to be received by any other State, it is only be-
cause she incurred the larger obligation for Fed-
eral purposes; and so far, I submit, from being
used to disparage the claim, it should be used to
recommend it.
Then what is the claim? These advances were
made during the war, to sustain the war and to.
sustain the Government in conducting the war—
made by the States chiefly becausc the financial
condition of the Federal Government was such
that in many instances it was unable to procure
money at all but by the most disadvantageous
loans,and it appealed to the States, anditappealed
to the banking institutions of the country, and to
the capitalists of the country, to come to its aid,
and give it their credit to sustain the Government
in that war. But yet the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Pugii] has said, in reference to the expenditures by
Virginia, that it should be recollected that she was
expending this money to protect herselfagainst the
enemy. Sir, I would ask the honorable Senator,
who brought Virginia into the war? She did not
doit, ltwas not her war. It was the warof the
country of which she was a constituent part, and a
war in which she had no earthly interest but to
maintain the honor of the country. It was a com-
mercial war, a war in which the interests of com-
merce were at stake. Notonc oflicrshipsoroncof
her men had been seized or impressed by Great
Britain. An honorable Senator asksmeif Virginia
has no interest in the commerce of the country.
Certainly, that indirect interest which all the com-
mon partners in the Government enjoy; but not
the direct interest of a ship-owner, or the place of
nativity of the sailors. The condit'on of things
which led to the war might have gone on without
the State of Virginia separately receiving any
great injury from it, commercially or financially.
The injury that she went with her countrymen to
avenge was to the honor of the country, and to
that alone; so that when she was protecting her-
self, as the honorable Senator from Ohio has said,
against an enemy within her own border, as was
true to some extent, she was protecting herself
from an enemy brought upon her by her confed-
erates, those who had the war-making power, and
who made it justly and honorably in vindication
of the common cause of the country, with the full
and entire concurrence, certainly, of the State of
Virginia.
Then, what is the debt? At the close of the
war, as has been said, a law was passed by Con-
gress providing for the repayment to the States
of advances which they had made to carry on the
war, and to repay them with interest. In execut-
ing that law, the interest account was stated in a
manner not known to the laws—a manner never
recognized or permitted by law; and in the mode
of stating it, it resulted that the amount of inter-
est due to the States was not computed as part of
the debt; and they were not paid.
It is said the States acquiesced. It is true they
acquiesced; but what could they do ? They could
not sue the Government. An obligation to pay
money on the part of a Government is an obliga-
tion of honor and faith, and nothing else. It may
be a cause of war between foreign nations to com-
pel them to observe honor and faith; but there is
no sanction for an obligation of that sort—none
that can be cnfoiced, except the sanction that
rests in honor and faith between States and Gov-
ernments. The States did acquiesce. Afterwards
it was found—I dare say by the diligent industry
of the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] who has so ably represented his State
upon this floor for many years,and who, 1 hope,
will long continue so to represent her—that this
interest account had been thus stated to the det-
riment of the States. It was brought to the atten-
tion of Congress, and Congress passed a law
providing for its correction. How was it to be
corrected? By stating the debt in such a manner
as to show what the true amount of the debt was.
The law passed in the case of the State of Mary-
land, and the unpaid portion of the debt was paid
to her. Congress thus, by the law in relation to
Maryland, admitted,* as Congress must admit,
that a portion of the debt due to these States, which
it was incumbent oil Congress to pay, and for the
payment of which they had provided, yet re-
mained unpaid. I say " a portion of the debt;5'
for I take it for granted I need not remind honor-
able Senators that, under the usage of the civil-
ized world now, and under the laws of the civil-
ized world, interest for the* use of money is just
as much a part of the debt as the principal itself;
recognized by law everywhere, as well as by com-
mercial usage.
How stands the case, then ? Here, by the ad-
mission of the Government of the United States,
a portion of the debt which they admitted them-
selves bound to pay, and which by law, after the
termination of the war, they agreed to pay, re-
mains unpaid. What it amounts to will depend
upon a proper computation whenever it may be
made. It is said that it amounts, in the case of
the State of Virginia, to more than a million dol-
lars. Assume it to be true. Then 1 present the
subject to the Senate of the United States simply
in this form: whatever money is due to the State
of Virginia, and remains unpaid, is an obligation
on the part of the Government not discharged;
and if they refuse to pay it, and thereby Virginia
is deprived of it, the Government receives it as a
gratuity from the State of Virginia, and in that
character alone. If the debt is due, and the debtor
is solvent and refuses to pay, and refuses with a
knowledge that the creditor cannot coerce pay-
ment, then the debtor places himself in a posi-
tion to receive, and acknowledge that he received,
a gratuity from his creditor. If the Government
of the United States places itself it that condition,
let it be so; but let the fact go out to the world,
and be known in the records of the country. Vir-
ginia asks nothing on this point but what the
Government has conceded to be due; and if the
Government of the United States refuses it by a
vote in Congress, let it be refused; and it shall
stand upon the records of the country that a Gov-
ernment able to pay refuses to pay, and receives
this amount as a gratuity from the State.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have in my hand, Mr.
President, a report made to the House of Repre-
sentatives during the last session of Congress; it
is Executive Document No. 35, of the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, which ex-
plains this—I was going to say claim, but I will
call it more properly—this gratuity. In that re-
port the Third Auditor says:
" It appears that, during the war of 1812, vaiious States
and cities made advances—m some cases by loans made,
and in others Irorn moneys in their treasuries;—on account
of the militia forces, and in aid of the prosecution of the
war. These expenditures, although ijjtt shown to have
been made at the icqucst of the Genernreoveniment, weio
held to have been made from patriotic motives, and to have
been 1 for the use and benefit of the United States.'}"
It appears, from the report, that these advances
and expenditures were voluntary, and for the pro-
tection of the States themselves. Some of those
advances may have been judiciously made, and
some of the troops called into service may have
been ready to fight, and others ready to run. 1
have no remarks to make on that. 1 take it for
granted that all these advances were made judi-
ciously, and that all the troops called into the
scrvicc were good troops. But, sir, after the close
of the war, these States and cities applied to the
Government of the United States to refund these
amounts. The Government did refund, or prom-
ised to refund, the whole of these amounts, good,
bad, or indifferent. It then became a perfectlcdger
account', a debit and credit between the States
and cities, and the United States Government, to
pay so iftany dollars, and no interest: and these
States and cities were very glad to get the original
amount, for they had not expected to get it in
many instances when the advances weie made.
Consequently, in the original amount, the number
