1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No, Mr. Chairman, it was not until after Texas
had been annexed for the concealed purpose of
extending slavery at the hazard of its pendent, a
war with Mexico; not until after a law had been
forced upon the North for the recapture of their
fugitive slaves, odious in its details, repulsive in
its mam features to the enlightened judgment of
our people, and violative of the rights of man in
a trial for his liberty; and not until, still further on,
this controlling interest in the affairs of the Gov-
ernment, this sapping and mining power, had, in
exultant joy, destroyed the restriction against
slavery north of 36° 30' north latitude, and upon
that soil once musical with the notes of freedom,
reveled in despotic triumph upon the rights, the
traditions, the franchises, and the dearestiaterests
of our people, prostituting the ballot-box, driving
from the polls rightful citizens, following by day
and murdering by night men whose only crime
was the uttering of sentiments which they had
drank in among the hills and valleys of their
former homes in the free North. We could wait
no longer; it would not do to wait until the slave
power had so interwoven itself into the very web
of our political fabric that the integrity of our
institutions was fatally imperiled.
The people of the North were reluctant to break
away from their ancient party associations for a
long time after the South had wantonly sported
with their rights; they reposed in the confidence of
returning justice and the security of theirpledges.
But when at last these fond hopes were dispelled
in their tearing the diadem from the brow of free-
dom in the northern half of the old Louisiana
purchase, the people of the North from necessity,
* in vindication and maintenance of their principles
and the principles of their ancestors, sprang at one
bound into this organization, which like a mighty
army, swept along, extending its column from
tke early and constant home of freedom *in the
East to the scattered settlements of free labor be-
yond the Mississippi, until it now embraces in its
conquest fifteen States of this Union. And I am
not surprised that gentlemen of the South tremble
and take alarm; they hear the tread of these mil-
lions of freemen; it is a mighty army marching on
to take possession of the Government, well offi-
cered and fully equipped, and with weapons, mu-
nitions, and supplies more complete and more
potent than the army of Hannibal or Napoleon,
or the brave followers of Jackson when he struck
the decisive blow against British arrogance and
aggression at New Orleans; inasmuch as the bal-
lot-box, the free press, and free speech in the cause
of truth and justice, are more mighty in battle and
more powerful in conquest than the sword.
Southern gentlemen have no right to complainof
the numbers and might and objects of the Repub-
lican party, nor from these to accuse the people of
the North of a change of sentiment upon the ques-
tion of slavery. The history of this contest, made
up from their own record, through the past twen-
ty-five years, has been conducting the mind of
patriotic citizens, of whatever party, all over the
North, to the necessity of organization to preserve
the principles of justice and liberty. Itis notour
people, but the people of the South—you, gentle-
men—who have changed from the declared opin-
ions and purposes of the founders. When the
declaration of our rights was proclaimed, and the
proclamation of our liberties and those rights
which belonged to all, there existed among us an
institution inconsistent with its great truths, and
with the form and spirit of the Government which
was framed. All the leading men of that day, and
subsequently through a large period of our his-
tory, believed it to be not only anomalous to our
institutions, but a deplorable evil; and they sought
by every means to eradicate it. 1 will be indulged
by gentlemen in calling attention to some of their
uviT-memorable sayings; for their testimony for-
tifies and sustains my proposition, and at the same
time places in more vivid contrast these daily ob-
lations of our southern brethren at the shrine of
human bondage.
Previous to"the Revolution, while the nation
was taking council, and preparing for the strug-
gle of liberty against despotism, the people gen-
erally were struck with the inconsistency of an
appeal for their own liberties, while holding in
bondage their fellow-men, guilty only of a skin
not colored like their own." The people of Dan-
bury, Connecticut, in town meeting, agreed to
import no more slaves; at the same time declai ing,
823
"we cannot but think it a palpable absurdity so
loudly to complain of attempts to enslave us, while
we are actually enslaving others."
In Darien, Georgia, in 1775, the following reso-
lution was passed at a meeting of citizens:
"To show the world that we are not influenced by any
contracted or interested motives, but by a general philan-
thropy "for all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or
complexion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and ab-
horrence of the unnatural practice of slavery as (however
the uncultivated state of the country or otjjer specious argu-
ments may plead for it) a practice founded in injustice and
cruelty, and highly dangerous to our liberties as well as
lives, debasing part of our fellow creatures below men, and
corrupting the virtue and morals of the rest."
Listen to Jefferson, in the Virginia convention
of 1774:
" The abolition of domestic slavery is the greatest objcct
of desire !n these colonics, where it was unhappily intro-
duced in their infant state."
Again, in the Declaration of Independence:
" That all men are created equal; that they are endowed
with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happines."
_ Again, in 1821, when urging a proposition upon
his native State, he says:
" Nothing is more certainly written in the book of fate,
than that these people [the negroes] arc to be free ; nor is
it less certain that the two races, equally free, cannot live
m the same Government. Nature, habit, opinion, have
drawn indelible lines of distinction between them. It is
still in our power to dircct the process of emancipation and
deportation, and m such slow degree as that the evil will
wear off insensibly, and thei!*place be, pari passu, filled up
by free white lahoier>. If, on the contrary, it is left to
force itself on, human nature must shudder at the prospect
held up. XV& should look in vain for an example in the
Spanish deportation oi deletion of the Moors."
I need not allude to the anti-slavery sentiment
of Virginia. It was written in letters of living
light and unfading remembrance m the ordinance
of 1787, passed by a unanimous vote of the States.
We find that the constitutional convention was
presided over by Washington, who said "his vote
would never be wanting for the passage of a law
to abolish slavery;" and in that convention, made
up of men whose genius and patriotism had largely
contributed to bear us up and carry us through the
perilous assaults of the Revolution, who drank in
the spirit of the contest, and were moved in the
convention by the purpose to secure and perpetuate
to themselves and posterity union, freedom, and
happiness, all expressed themselves with equal
force and emphasis, so far as cotemporaneous his-
tory givesany account, against the evil, the wrong,
and the curse of human bondage.
Time will not permit me to deal largely in ex-
tracts from the fathers, nor are these necessary. I
will only ask your attention to the record sayings
of one or two of the more conspicuous statesmen.
Gouverneur Morris said " he never would concur
in upholdingdomestic slavery. It was a nefarious
institution. It was the curse of Heaven."
Mr. Madison "thought it wrong to admit in
the Constitution the idea of property in man."
Luther Martin, of Maryland, said:
" Slavery is inconsistent with the genius of republican-
ism, ha> a tendency to destroy those punciples on whi<5h
it is supported, as it lessens the sense of equal rights of man-
kind, and habituates us to tyranny and oppression.*'
When the Government went into operation, we
find it supported by men who were open in their
expressions of hostility to slavery.
John Adams, Vice President, had declared that
" consenting to slavery is a sacrilegious breach of
trust." i
Alexander Hamilton, a member of the abolition |
society of New York, united in a petition for th*>se j
who, <c free by the laws of God, are held in bid- j
very by the laws of the State."
John Jay, Chief Justice of the United States,
said that, in his sight, slavery was an " iniquity,"
"asm of crimson dye."
Benjamin Franklin, president of the abolition
society of Pennsylvania, appeared at the bar of
Congress, near the close of his well-spent life, and
entreated " that it would be pleased to counte-
nance the restoration of liberty to those unhappy
men who alone, in this laud offieedom, are de-
graded into perpetual bondage."
Again, General Washington says, in a letter to
John P. Mercer, September 9, 1786:
" I never mean, unless some particular cireumsumccs
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase; it being among my first wiskes to see some plan
adopted by winch slavery in this country may be abolished
by law.1'
And Jefferson is heard again, pages 39 and 40
of his Notes on Virginia, as follows;
"And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure,
when we have removed their only firm basis—a conviction
in the minds of the people that these liberties are the gift-
of God; that they are not to be violated but by his wrath ?
Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God
is just 5 that his justice cannot sleep forever; that, consid-
ering numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolu-
tion of the wheel of fortune, an exchange of situation, is
among possible events —that it may become probable by
supernatural interference! The Almighty has no attribute
which can take sides with us in such a contest."
The eloquent and patriotic Henry says, in a
letter dated January 18, 1793:
" I believe a time will come when an opportunity will be
offered to abolish this lamentable evil. Everything we can
do is to improve it, if it happens in our day; if not, let us
transmit to our descendants, together with our slaves, a
pity for their unhappy lot, and an abhorrence for slavery.
If we cannot reduce this wislied-for reformation to prac-
tice, let us treat the unhappy victims with lenity. It is the
furthest advance we can make toward justice. Itis a debt
we owe to the purity of our religion, to show that it is at
variance with that law which warrants slavery."
And the eccentric genius and well-wisher for
the liberty of the black race, John Randolph,
after speaking in dcprccation of the extension of
slavery and its horrors, makes use of the follow-
inglanguago:
" I give to my slaves their freedom, to which my con-
science tells me they are justly entitled. It has a long time
be,cn a matter of the deepest regret to me that the circum-
stanccs under which I inherited them, and the obstacles
thrown in the way by the laws of the land, have prevented
iny emancipating them in tfiy lifetime, winch it is my full
intention to do in case I can accomplish it."
But, sir, I hasten on, passing the many pages
of testimony from distinguished and patriotic men
in all the walks of public and private life, to him
whose voice was so magic and potent in Senate
Chambers and among the millions without, and
at the mention of whose name the heart of every
American throbs with deeper emotions, and kin-
dles with increased admiration and pride.
• I quote from a speech made by the distinguished
Clay before the American Colonization Society:
" We are reproached with doing mischief by the agita-
tion of this question. The society goes into no household
to disturb its domestic tranquillity j it addresses itself to no
slaves, to weaken their obligations of obedience. It seeks
to affect no man's property. It neither has the power nor
the will to affect the property of any one, contrary to his
consent. The execution of its scheme would augment,
instead of diminishing, the value of the propeity left behind.
The society, composed of freemen, concerns itself only
with the free. Collateral consequences we are notrcspons-
ible for. It is not this society which has produced the
great moral revolution which the age exhibits. What would
thev, who thus rcproach us, have done?" * * *
" If they would repress all tendencies towards liberty
and ultimate emancipation, they mu->t do more than put
down the benevolent efforts of this society. They mustgo
back to the eia of our liberty and independence, and muz-'
zle the cannon winch thunders its annual joyous return.
They must revive the slave trade, with all its tram of atro-
cities."
Ay, sir, revive the slave trade as we now see it
being revived \
"They must suppress the workings of British philan-
thropy. seeking to ameliorate the condition of the unfortu-
nate West Indian slaves. They must arrest the career of
South American deliveiance from thraildom. They must
blow out tho moral lights around us, and extinguish that
greatest torch of all, which America presents to a benighted
world, pointing the way to their rights, their liberties, and
their happiness. And when they have achieved all these
purposes, their work will be yet incomplete. They must
penetrate the human soul, and eradicate the light of reason
and the love of liberty. Then, and not till then, when
universal daikness and despair prevail, can you perpetuate
slavery, and icpress all sympathies and all humane and be-
nevolent efforts among freemen in behalf of the unhappy
portion of our race who are doomed to bondage."
In the United States Senate, in 1850, he used
the following memorable words:
" I am extremely sorry to hear the Senator from Missis-
sippi say ? hat he l'equircs, first the extension of the Mis-
souri compromise line to the Pacific, and also that lie is not
satisfied with that, but lequires, if I understand him cor-
rectly, a positive provision for the admission of slavery
south of that line. And now, sir, coming from a slave State,
as I do, I owe it to myself, I owe it to truth, I owe it to the
subject, to say that no earthly power could induce me to
vote for a specific measure for the introduction or slavery
where it had not before existed, either south or north of
that line. Coming, as T do, from a slave State, it Is my
solemn, deliberate, and well-matured determination that no
power, no earthly power, shall compel me to vote for the
positive introduction of slavery either south or north of that
lint*. Sir, while you reproach, and justly, too, our British
ancestors for the introduction of this institution upon tho
continent of America, I am, for one, unwilling that the
posterity of the present inhabitants of California and of
New Mexico shall reproach us for doing just what we re-
proach Great Britain for doing to us. If the citizens of those
Territories choose to establish slavery, and if they come
here with constitutions establishing slavery,.I am for ad-
mitting them with such provisions in their <?on%'fftiiffah«3;
