1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1843
twecn the old and new States. The independence
and sovereignty of States is not to be estimated by-
such a standard. Let them all be like Texas—
independent and sovereign over their own soil.
But, sir, while I condemn the present public
land system, I would not substitute for it the na-
tional homestead system proposed by the Repub-
lican party. I object to that policy on tlyee
frounds:rnrst, because it is designed, and would
ave the effect, to abolitionize every new State
and Territory in the Union; second, because it
would be a violation of the Constitution; and
third, it would be grossly unjust toward the early
pioneers of the West, who, under northern cruelty
and oppression, have been compelled to pay m
hard cash, in hard times, for their lands at the
price of p 25 an acre, and sometimes more than
that. I shall make no argument to prove that it
would abolitionize all the new States and Terri-
tories. The operations of the emigrant aid soci-
eties of New England are too recent in history to
be forgotten, and we know that the same spirit
of fanaticism that shipped John Brown and his
crew, with Sharpe's rifles, into Kansas, would
people every new Territory under the homestead
law.
It would be a violation of the Constitution, be-
cause it would create privileged classes within the
present and prospective States by the power of
the Federal Government When yoirgive away
the public domain and award special privileges to
the gift, one of which is to exempt the property
given from sale under execution, you are inter-
posing the Federal authority between the individ-
ual and the State in the ordinary course of admin-
istrative justice.
This is a reassertion of the principle of the
alien and sedition laws in a more objectionable
shape. In my judgment, it would be a gross
usurpation of the right of every State govern-
ment to determine what property of its citizens
shall or shall not be subject to the payment of
debts under execution, i'o prove that it would
be grossly unjust to the early settlers of the West,
it is only necessary to state, what everybody
knows, that they, and they only, are the men who
have braved the leal dangers of wilderness life,
and endured its toils and privations. You, gen-
tlemen of the North, have, in the early settlement
of the West, treated them with cruelty and neg-
lect. And now that all the lands in Ohio, Indi-
ana, Iowa, Illinois, xMissouri, and Arkansas,
worth settling, are taken up, you propose to give
away to New England Abolitionists, m the other
Territories, what you would notsellon easy terms
to our brave old pioneers. The motive and the
principle are in keeping. In order to show that
I do the North no injustice, when I charge them
with cruelty and neglect to the pioneer settlers of
the West, I desire to call attention to a few lead-
ing historical facts. They were thirty years ago
spread upon record by a witness, whose testi-
mony I will read. That witness was Thomas H.
Benton; and his evidence is to bo found in a speech
delivered by him in the United States Senate, Feb-
ruary 2, 1830, at page 102, part one, volume six,
of Debates, 1829-30, and from it I readan extract,
as follows:
"Before I go on with new matter, (said Mr. B.,) I must
be permitted to leach back, ami bring up, in the way o:
recapitulation, and lor the purpose el joining together the
bioken ends of' my speech, ths heiuis and substance ot the
gieat facts which 1 quoted and established at the commence-
ment of thia iep!y. They are:
« 1. The attempt of the seven northern States, in 1 ibb,
1787,1788, to surrender tha navigation of the Mississippi to
the Kins of Spam. ... c
" 2. The attempt to effect that surrender, m violation ot
the Articles of Confederation, by the votes ol seven States,
when nine could not be had- ,
"3. Tiie design oi this surrender, to check the growth
of the West. ■ c
"4. Tiie clause in the first ordinance for the sale of the
public lands, in the Northwestern Territory, winch lequired
the previous townships to be sold out complete belore tac
subsequent ones could tie offered for sale.
"5. The refusal to teli a le s quantity than six hundred
and fut'tv acres together. .
"6. The lefusal to reduce the minimum price from one
dollar to sixty-six and two tliilds cents per acre.
"7. The opposition, in 1783, to the motion todetach two
companies to the fails of the Ohio, for the protection of
Kentucky against the inclusions and depredations ot the
In«B.!1Thc opposition to Mr. Grayson's unanswerable re-
port, In the samp year, in t'avor oi sending aa expedition
into the hostile Indian country.
"9. The refusal, at the same time, to permit virgiiua to
liold one thousand of lier own militia In readmess to pio-
tect Kentucky.
" 10. The refusal, in 1787, to treat for a cession of Indian
lands, on either side of the Ohio.
"11. The refusal, in tiie same year, to let Virginia'be
credited' with the expenses of an expedition, earned on in
the winter of 178G-97, by her troop?, 011 both sides of the
Ohio river, lor the defense of the West.
" 12. The refusal, for twelve vcais, fiom 1774 to 17SC, to
send auv aid to Kentucky.
" 13. The refusal, throughout the entire war, to send any
aid to the Cumberland settlements, in Tennessee.
" 14. The oppo*ition to western emigration, as proved
by Jfit. Adams's letter."
This, sir, was your policy when the poor emi-
grant to the western wilds needed your protection
and your kind offices. No reduction in the price of j
the public lands. Not less than six hundred and !
forty acres to be sold in a lot. No means of defense
against the savages. Ay, sir, the bones of south-
ern men now bleach upon the soil of the North-
west, loft there in defense of the homes, the fire-
sides, and the wives and childien of the eaily
settlers in that country, when their New England
friends would not vote a dollar to defend them.
The navigation of the Mississippi to be surren-
dered up to Spain. All these wrongs, too, to
cripple and retard the growth of the young West.
Sir, I have been more than a quarter of a cen-
tury on the sunset side of the Father of Waters.
I have witnessed with my own eyes the toils and
privations of the early settlers there. Under the
operation of high protective tariffs, designed to put
money into the pockets of your manufacturers, I
have seen them selling their wheat at thirty and
forty cents per bushel, and other articles of prod-
uce at the same ruinous rates. For every article of i
absolute necessity they had to pay three or four j
times what it costs them now. Yet, sir, you [
forced them to pay §1 25 an acre for every foot
of land they got, in hard cash. These noble men :
struggled on, ever hopeful, in spite of your cm- ,
city, and by honest and unremitting toil pur- ]
chased and paid for their homes. They have |
" made the wilderness to blossom as the rose." j
Now, in the days of emigrant aid societies, the
era of John Browns and Sharpe's rifles, "a
change has come "over the spirit of your dream."
AH at once you pretend to be the poor settler's
friend, and to prove it, you are about to give away
every foot of the public lands to your smooth-
faced, pharisaical Abolitionist. But, sir, this is
to be done in order that the new States and Ter-
ritories may become finely enlisted on your side
of the irrepressible conflict, and not from love to
poor men. Western men see through your pol-
icy and appreciate your motives. They have paid
for their lands, and demand that the New Eng-
land Abolitionists shall do the same thing.
Sir, if your party gets possession of this Gov-
ernment, with a law in force holding every settler
in a new State or Territory a pensioner on your
1 bounty, then indeed will the spirit of the Constitu-
| tionbe gone. Then, indeed, you can congratulate
j yourselves on having accomplished what the old
j Federalists struggled for so long in vain. The
| symmetrv of the Democratic record will be pre-
served by unbending opposition to this heresy,
i and the symmetry of the record of the present
j Republican party, from the days of the alien and
sedition laws to the present time, is fully preserved
' by its support of this unjust, unconstitutional
' measure. .
I have now, in a brief way, traced the history of
the two great political parties which have always
existed in this country, and shown the doctrines
and policy they have respectively maintained.
When we come to examine their positions ana
policy at the various important epochs to which
I have called special attention, v."e find that both
have been singularly consistent 111 regard to the
great fundamental principles which have divided
them. The Federalists, by whatever name known
and called, have never lost sight of tliat rule of
constitutional construction tending to consolida-
tion and centralism, which developed itself at the
very earliest period of the history of that P-yty-
The Democratic party has never lost sight of the
doctrine of strict construction, and has always
been found unwavering m its maintenance of the
reserved rights of the States and the people.
Surely, a party which stood upagamsttAe mon-
archists in the convention; that swept the aaen ana
sedition laws from the statute-book; that sustained
our fla  111 the war of 1812; that opposed Rutus
Kino- and the Federalists in 1820; defeated the
Wihnot proviso in 1847; restored the principle of
nott-mterventien in 1854. and stiU occupies its
proud position, " unbent, unawed, uhtemfied"
by the storms of fanaticism that now assail it, can
lay some claim to a consistent .national record.
But, sir, when we pointits enemies to this record,
we are answered, that Washington, Jefferson,'
Madison, or some other great man, has said ori
some occasion, that slavery is a great evil. Sir,
the veal issue is not to be evaded in this way_.
Whether slavery be wrong or slavery be right,
whether slavery be a blessing or slavery be a
curse, does not change the aspect of the question
at issue between the political parties of this coun-
try. We do not care what you think of the wrong
or right of slavery. We care not whether you
think it a blessing or an evil. But, sir, we deny
the jurisdiction of the Federal Government over
the subject, except so far as the Constitution com-
mands'that Government to protect it.
Wc do not ask the use of the Federal power to
plant slavery anywhere, and we deny to you the
use of that Government as an instrument to de-
stroy or keep it out anywhere.
We think that nature qualified the black man
in this country for a servile position, and that he
is out of place anywhere else. But, sir, we do
not place our defense on that ground, but upon
the ground that the Federal Government was not
created, and cannot be used, to suppress what you
call the evils of slavery. This is the real issue-
It is fundamental, and you shall not dodge it by
sham pleas. Upon that issue we are ready to
meet you before the people under whatever name
you may choose to do battle.
Up to this point I have confined myself to th-s
political principles of our adversaries, as attempted
at various times to be carried out in- the legisla-
tive departmentof the Government. Latterly they
have discovered a powerful obstacle in their way
in the judicial department of the Government.
That department still preserves its ancient purity
and firmness. It lias not kept pace-with their pro-
gressive fanaticism. Therefore it has become the
prominent point of attack. Its authority to decide
questions of constitutional law arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States is now
gravely disputed. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Conkling,] in a speech remarkable for in-
genuity and sophistry,but afewdays since,raised
on this floor the standard of rebellion to its de-
j crees. These modern Solons have discovered a
\ great distinction between questions which they
call political and those which arc not political. Sir,
every question, while it is pending here, is a po-
litical question; and every question, when it is
transferred to the judiciary, is a judicial question.
No law passed by Congress, affecting the rights
of persons or the rights of property, but must be
dccided upon and enforced by the judiciary. The
right to hold a slave, with all the incidents and
circumstances on which it rests, is as much a ju-
dicial question as the right to have a judgment for
money on a plain note of hand. Both of these
rights involve political questions, when consid-
ered and acted on by the legislative department,
and both involve judicial questions when censid-
ered and acted on by the judiciary.
No man contends that a judgment or opinion
of the Federal judiciary can tie the hands of Con-
gress; but every man who has read the horn-
books of the profession ought to know that when
we enact a law, its validity and constitutionality
must be determined by the judiciary. That de-
termination in this particulai instance can only be
avoided by rebellion or revolution. Ihe power
winch ordained the legislative ordained also the
judicial department. It was thought best to leave
j 'Congress to make laws, to leave to the judiciary
I to decide upon them, and to leave to %lie executive
| the power and duty of executing them. Whether
this arrangement was wise or not, is not the ques-
tion. The judges of the courts cannot make laws,
but they can decide upon the validity of those we
may make; because the people of the several
States, m framing the Constitution, chose to di-
vide the power of making and deciding, for then-
own safety and protection. The wisdom of till.1?
plan is founded on the fact that legislation is ag-
gressive, while the judiciary occupies always a
defensive position. It can institute bo unconsti?
tutional las; Uut it can refuse to enforce those
made by a coordinate department.
The decision in the Drcd Scott case,_so much
abused by o.ur adversaries, is a case in point, i he
legislative d^partuient attempts to violate the equal
