2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
terest account reopened and more than a million
dollars paid her; and the State which advanced
money out of its treasury,and has never received
a dollar of interest, is to be taxed to pay this in-
terest over again to the Staie of Virginia. My
constituents are to be taxed to raise the millions
of money provided by this amendment; to pay
what? To pay interest, as is claimed, upon
moneys advanced by the State of Virginia and
others of the old States of the Union, to support
their militia in the war of 1812? No, sir; not
only in the war of 1812, but any money that they
ftave expended for military purposes, either in
the war of 1812, or since the war of 1812.
Now, sir, can it be that such a proposition as
this can receive the assent of this Senate ? Can
it be that the citizens of New Hampshire, if that
be a case—I Have not looked into all the cases
—out of the treasury of which State the militia
were paid at the time, and who have never h;u] a
dollar of interest or money they advanced to their
militia, arc now to be taxed to pay double inter-
est to some other States, because,forsooth, some
other State, instead of taxing its citizens to raise
the money to pay its militia, borrowed the money
and agreed t9 pay interest for a few years upon
it? That is this proposition. ["Question!"]
Not quite yet. Tnere is a little' more to be said
about this case.
Now, sir, this proposition comes here under
the plausible pretense that we have opened these
accounts for the State of Maryland. I believe we
have, and very unjustly and improperly, in my
judgment; but under the plea that that has been
done, it is now said, we must go on, and open the
accounts of all the States, and the proposition
now comes in under the delusive idea that there
is only §1,600,000 involved in it. Why, sir, I
doubt if $16,000,000 are not involved in it. This
report from the Secretary of the Treasury shows
that if you open these accounts, there will be due
to the States, under this proposition for advances
made in the war of 1812, some sixteen hundred
thousand dollars. What is your amendment ?
The amendment provides that "all the States
which have bad or shall have refunded to them
by the United States moneys expended by such
States for military purposes during; or since the
war of 1812," &c. Why, sir, the Seminole war,
the Greek war, the Black Hawk war, the' Oregon
war,all the Indian wars that have occurred since
1812, and every State that has advanced any
money to its militia to put down Indian depre-
dations since, is included i" this amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow mc
to interrupt lu'm a single moment?
Mr. TRUMUULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. lVERSOiV. The only two States that
have made any advances whatever under the pro-
vision of this amendment, since the war of 1812,
are Alabama and the State of Georgia. Not an-
other State has made a single dollar advance for
any Indian war, except those two States. Ala-
bama has been provided for. She got not only her
principal, but her interest in the mode of com-
puting which is provided for in this amendment.
The State of Georgia has had her principal re-
funded, but has not had her inter6st refunded; and
they are the only two States that are provided
for m the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, sir, we passed, this
session, a bill to pay Missouri for money ad-
vanced in the Osage war.
Mr. 1VERSON. That is very recent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And, I believe, another
bill to pay Iowa something, and New Mexico
and Texas—all since 1812. This report from the
Secretary of the Tieasury only computes what
would have been paid on account of advances
which the States made to their militia for othjir
military purposes in the war of 1812. Here is
what the Auditor says:
" It is proper to state that payments rppear to have been
made to vauntis oilier States for claims arising out of t)ie
war of 1813, and foi advance made by tliem, such as for
services of mihtia, munition-; of war, & <: , on which no
interest was authorized by the acts directing their pay-
ment."
Now, there is a class of cases for which several
States have had the money refunded to them with-
out interest. What does your amendment pro-
vide for? The amendment provides that "all
the States which have had, or shall have, refunded
to them by the United States, moneys expended
by such States for military purposes, during or
since the war of 1812, with Great Britain, which
have not been allowed interest on the money so
expended." It provides precisely for that class
of cases where money has been refunded to States
which have not been already allowed interest.
Does this.report include any such cases? The
Auditor says:
" In all such cases, no interest lias been allowed and
paid. I have not thought it nepessary to go into a revision
of these settlements, as I understand the eali of informa-
tion to relate only to those which have received interest."
This amount of $1,600,000 is to go to the States
that have already received interest. How much
is to go to the States that never received any in-
terest, I know not, and we have no information
whatever. Then,sir, this is deceptive, when they
tell us the amount is to be limited to $1,600,000.
Again, it is deceptive in another respect. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in making up this
estimate, confined himself to expenses incurred
in the-war of 1812, What does this amendment
propose? It proposes to pay interest for dis-
bursements made by the States for military pur-
poses, either in 1812 or since 1812. Who can tell
the amount of interest that is to be computed
upon those disbursements ? It has a double pur-
pose—to pay interest where none has been paid,
and to pay compound interest where interest has
already been paid; but it does not provide for
opening the cases where States advanced the
money, and have been settled with and paid.
One other idea, and I shall have done, for my
object is not to delay. This proposition not only
provides for past eases, but it provides for estab-
lishing a rule for all time to come:
" And that those provisions and piinciples1'—
That is, the provisions and principles in rela-
tion to the payment of interest to Maryland,
which itis now sought to extend to all the States—
"And that those pulsions and principies shall govern
the computation of interest in all cases in which interest
may hereafter be allowed to any of the States; and any
money found to be due to any State, by virtue of the pro-
vision's of this act, shall he paid to such State, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
It then goes on to provide, as well it may, if
there is not money enough to pay it, that bonds
or stocks of the Government of the United States
shall be issued—a very valuable provision. There
is not money enough m the Treasury to pay it,
and never will be probably. It was well that they
provided for issuing United States stocks. I doubt
if there be money enough in the Treasury, I was
going to say, in twenty years, to pay the amount
that is appropriated by this proposition.
Now, sir, that tins is a departure from the pol-
icyof the Government, is manifest in lookinginto
the history of the Government for a few years
past. The Senator from Virginia talked about a
debt, and talked about Virginia not being settled
with according to law. It was settled with ac-
cording to the act of Congress. She received the
principal that she laid out upon her militia and in
providing for her defense, and she received inter-
est upon it. I find,m 1832, a bill was passed
providing for this same mode of computing inter-
est that is now insisted upon. General Jackson
was then President, and 1 have before me his veto
message of the bill, dated on the 6th of December,
1832. He vetoed a bill entitled " An act provid-
ing for the final settlement of the claims of States
for interest on advances to the United States made
during the last war," and he putiton theground
that it was a departure from the policy of the
Government from its foundation. He says in the
conclusion of his veto message:
"I deem it proper, moreovei. to observe, that both under
the act of the 5th ot August, 1790, and that of the 12th of
Februaiy, 1793, autlioiizing the settlement of the accounts
between the United States and the individual States, aris-
ing out of the war of the Revolution, the mteiest on those
accounts was computed in eontormity with the practice
already adverted to, and liom winch the bill now returned
is a departure."
He had previously stated in the veto message
that the practice had been uniform in computing
interest, as Virginia was settled with, and all
these States,and now, because,inconsiderately,at
some former day, when the claim was not large, a
bill slipped thiough Congress allowing Maryland
to be paid interest, under this new rule, an at-
tempt is made to extend it to all the States, not
only for the expenses incuried in the war of 1812,
but for any expenses since that time, and to ail
unlimited extent. No man knows the amount that
will be called for under this proposition if it be-
come a law.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I shall not
enter into a discussion of the original proposition,
but I feel called upon to make a few brief remarks
in reply to the speech of the Senator from Illinois.
The original proposition proposes to pay interest
to the States that have made advances to the Gen-
eral Government during the war of 1812 or since,
and regulates the mode of computing that interest.,
differing from the mode that has been applied
heretofore in settlements between these States and
the Government. That is the original proposi-
tion. The Senator from Illinois proposes to ex-
tend it so that interest shall be paid to the States
that have advanced money to the General Gov-
ernment for military purposes, whether they have
ever paid it, or lost it by the transfer of an inter-
est-bearingfund. His amendment, therefore, en-
larges the proposition.
Now, sir, 1 desire to say that the Senator has
closed an argument of nearly half an hour against
the proposition of paying interest at all. He says
that his constituents are to be taxed to pay
interest back to the old States; and he argues
against the policy, the justice, and propriety of
paying even the interest, where the States have
themselves paid interest or lost interest by a
transfer of a fund. The Senator's proposition
opens the door to millions, perhaps, more tharr
tnis proposition would expend; ami yet lie comes
forward and argues against the original proposi-
tion. Why, sir, there never has been a ease
upon the face of the earth in which the old maxim
has been more illustrated—" Consistency, thou
art indeed a jewel." He argues against the ori-
ginal proposition, which only proposes to pay
interest to a certain extent and under certain con-
ditions; and yet his proposition is to open the
door to the expenditure of millions more. Sir, I
apprehend the amendment is not in good faith.
It is the Trojan horse that we have heard of in
history. It is introduced by that Senator for the
purpose<of clogging this amendment, and break-
ing it down. Itis not a fair mode of legislation.
The Senator is opposed to his own proposition.
He will not rise here and say that lie will vote
for the original amendment, if his amendment
prevails. Ho is opposed to it, and his object is
to clog the original proposition, by the introduc-
tion of a still more obnoxious one. I understand^
his policy; and I trust the friends of tho original
proposition will vote his amendment down.
But, sir, the proposition he offers is not right
in itself. The Government never has adopted
such a principle. The first act which allowed
interest to the States, for advances made during
the war of 1818, was in relation to the State of
Virginia, passed on the3dofMarch, 1825. I will
read that act:
" That the pioper accounting ofiieers of the Treasury De-
partment be, and they are hereby, anthonzed and dueeted
to liquidate and settle the claim of the State of Virginia
against the United States, for interest upon loans or moneys
borrowed and actually expended by hei, for the u&e and
benefit of the United States, during t he late war with Great
Britain.
" Stu. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That, in ascei taming
the amount ol interebt, as aforesaid, due to the Slate of Vir-
ginia, the following rules shall be understood as applicable to
and governing the case,to wit: fust, that interest shall not be
computed on any sum which Viigmiahab not expended for
the use and benefit of the United States,, as evidenced by
the amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by the United
States; second, that no interest shall be paid on any sum
on which she 1ms not paid interest; third, that when the
pimcipal, or any part of it, ha^ been paid or refunded by
the United States, or money placed in the hands of Vir-
ginia foi that purpose, the interest oil the bum oi sums so
paid or reiunded shall cen^e, and not be considered as
chargeable to the United States any longer than up to the
time ot the-repayment, as aforesaid/'
There is the provision. No interest shall be
paid upon any sum that the State of Virginia has
not paidinterestupon. On the 13th of May, 1826,
a similar bill way passed in relation to the advances
made by the State of Maryland, in which pre-
cisely the same language is used, that no interest
shall be paid on any sum on which she has not
j paid interest. Again, sir, on the 20th of May,
1828, a similar law was passed in relation to the
State of Delaware, which provided that no inter-
est shall be paid on any sum on which she has
not paid interest. On the 20th of May, 182G, an-
other bill was passed in relation to the city of Bal-
timore, which provided that no interest shall be
paid on any sum on which the city of Baltimore
has not paid interest. On the 22d of May, 1826,
