1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
celebrated letter to Mr. Cabell, irf speaking of this
clause, says: -
"The meaning of the phrase 'to regulate trade' must be
sought in the general use .of it; in otlier words, in the ob-
jects to which tile power wa« generally understood to be
applicable when the phrase was inserted in the Constitu-
tion. The power lias been understood and used, bv all com-
mercial and manufacturing nations, as embracing the object
of encouraging manufactures. It is believed that not a single
exception can be named."
It would be strange if we were the first enlight-
ened nation to give them a contrary construction.
It may be asked, if our Government has no power
to protect its own people, what can itdo r What
is it good for? I claim that in order to insure do-
mestic tranquillity, and to provide for the common
defense against the arms or workshops of Europe,
(the last more formidable than the first,) and to
promote the general welfare, as well as to regulate
trade, it is the duty, as it is plainly within the
power of Congress, to place such restrictions on
foreign fabrics as shall prove sufficient to secure
the home market to our own people, and to foster,
encourage, and build up every interest, whether
of the soil, the mines, or the workshop.
The act of the First Congress was one essen-
tially protective in its leading features. Many
tariff laws enacted since, not necessary to be
specially referred to here, recognize the same
principle.
The power of Congress to legislate for protec-
tion, and the necessity of such legislation, have
met with (he approval of our greatest statesmen
and most patriotic men. Upon this list of great
names will be found a Washington and Franklin,
Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Clay, Jackson and
- Webster. Thomas Jefferson, wise, patriotic, and
politic, saw at once that home industry must be
protected to enable the country to compete suc-
cessfully with her rivals in the great race before
her; and having participated more, perhaps, than
any otlier statesman in the formation of the Con-
stitution, he knew and acted upon the knowl-
edge that Government had the power to protect
the industry of the people. Hear him upon this
subject. In 1815, writing to J. I?. Say, he says:
<•' March % 1815
" Experience has shown that continued peace depends
not merely on our own justice and prudence, but on that
of others also; that, when forced into a war, the intcicep-
tion of exchanges which must be made across a wide ocean
becomes a powerful weapon in the hands of an .eneinv
domineering over that element, and to other distresses of
war adds the want of all tho-o necessaries for which we
have permitted ouiselves to be dependent on others, even
arms and clothing. This fact, therefore, solves the ques-
tion, by reducing to its ultimate form, whetherprofitorpres-
ervation is the first interest of the State? We are, conse-
quently, become manufacturers to a degree incredible to
tho-e who do not see it, and who only consider the short
period of tune during which wc have been dnven to them
by the suioidal pohev of England.
♦'The prohibitory duties we lay on all articles of foreign
manufacture, which prudence requires us to establish at
home, wall the patiiotic determination of every jjood citi-
zen to use no foreign articles which can be made within
ourselves, without legard to difference of prices, securesus
against relapse into foreign dependency."
Hp re we have the power to lay even prohibitory)
duties admitted; and if necessary in war, how
much more nccessary to save us "from that which
Jefferson here shadows forth as more dreadful
than war, to wit: " foreign dependency"—foreign
serfdom.
Permit me, in this connection, to refer to the
letter of Dr. Franklin, written to Humphrey Mar-
shall, April 22, A. D. 1771, in which he declares
that
mi It seem?, therefore, the interest of all our farmer? and
ownets of lands to encouiage our young manufactures, in
preference to foreign eties, imported among us fioin dis-
tant countries."
Franklin sought not to sow discord between the
farming and manufacturing interests. He placed
them in no antagonistical position, as the free
traders arc in the habit of doing. He knew that
one leaned upon the other for support and encour-
agement, and that without a home market, agri-
culture could not flourish in any lond. Therefore,
he declared it was the interest of the farmer to
encouragc the manufactures. "Poor Ilichard,"
as authority, has still weight among the fanners !
of the country. But from Franklin let us turn to
Jackson. Read his celebrated letter to Dr. Cole- 1
man, to be found in Niles's Register of June 12, j
1824, volume twenty-seven, page 245, in which |
he says: " jl
" You ask my opinion on the tariff. I answer that I am i t
in favor of a judicious examination and revision of it; and 1 >
so far as the taufF bill before us embraces the design of fos-
tering, protecting, and preserving within ourselves the
nieans ot national defence and independence, particularly
in a state ot war, I would advocate and support it. The
experience or the late war ought to teach u-> a lesson, and
one nevei to Ug forgotten. If our liberty aqd lepublican
form of Government, procured for us by om icvoiutionary
father®, are worth the blood and treasure at which they
were obtained, it surely is our duty to protect and defend
thorn. Can there be an American patriot, who saw the
privations, dangers, and difficulties experienced for the
want ot the proper means oi defense duting the last war,
who would be willing again to hazard the safety of our
country, if embioiled, or to rest it for defense upon the pre-
carious means of national resources to be derived from com-
merce in a state o^war with a maritime Power who might
destroy that commerce to picvent us obtaining the means
of defense, and thereby subdue usr f hope there is not;
and if there is, I am sure be does not deseive to enjoy the
blesbinga of fieedom. Heaven smiled upon and gave us lib-
erty and independence and national defense. If we omit or
refuse to use the gilts which he has extended to us, we de-
serve not the continuation of his blessings. Me has filled our
mountains and our plains with mmcials—with lead, iron,
and copper—and given us climate and soil for the growing
ofhemp and wool. These being the grand materials of our
national defense, they ought to have extended to them ade-
quate and fail protection, that ourmanufactuiersand labor-
ers may be placed in a tair competition with those of Eu-
rope, and that we may have within our country a supply
ot those leading and unpoitaiu articles essential in war.
" Beyond tins, I look at the tariff with an eye to the
pioper distribution of labor and levenue, and with a view
to discharge our national debt. I am one of those who do
not believe that a national debt is a national blessing, but
rather a curse to a Republic, inasmuch as it is calculated
to raise aiound the Administration a moneyed aiisteciacy
dangerous to the liberties of the country. This tariff—I
mean a judicious one—possesses more fanciful than real
danger. 1 will ask, what is the real situation of the agri-
cultuust? Whcie has the American farmer a market ior
ins sui plus pioduct? Except for cotton he has neither a
foreign nor home market. Does not this clearly prove,
when there is no market either at home or abroad, that
there is too much labor employed m agiiculture, ana that
the channels lor labor should be multiplied? Common
sense points out at once the remedy. Draw from agricul-
ture the supeiabundant labor; employ it m mechani&m and
manufactuies; thereby creating a home market for your
breadstuff*, and distributing labor to the most profitable
account and benefits to the country. Take fiom agricul-
ture in the Cnited States six hundred thousand men, wo-
men, and clnldien, and you will at once give a home mar-
ket lor more hieadstuffs than all Euiope now furnishes us.
In short, su, we have been too long subject to the policy
ot the British merchants, it is time that we should be-
come a little more Jlmcrxcamzcil, and instead of feeding
the paupers and laborers of England, leed our own ; or else,
in a short tune, by continuing our present policy, wc shall
all be lendered paupers out selves.
u It is, therefore, my opinion that a careful and judicious
tariff is much wanted to pay our national debt, and afford
us the nieans of that defense within ourselves on which
the safety of our country and liberty depends; and last,
though not least, give a proper distribution to our labor,
which must prove beneficial to the happiness, independ-
ence, and wealth of the community.
" This is a short outline of my opinions, generalty, on the
subjcctof yourinquny; and believing them correct, and
calculated to fuither tjie piospeuty and happiness of my
country, T declaie to you 1 would not barter them for any
office or situation of a tempoial character that could be
given me.
" { have presented you my opinions fieely, because lam
without concealment, and should, indeed,, despise myself
if f could believe myself capable of desiring the confidence
of any by means so ignoble.
" I am, sir. very respectfully, vour most obedient servant,
'"ANDREW JACKSON.
"Dr. L. II. Coleman, Warrenton, North Carolina."
The views and sentiments contained in that letter
require neither explanation nor vindication at my
hands. The American doctrine of protection is
there recognized and advocated. The argument
is wise as just; the sentiments patriotic. Has
not a kind Providence " filled our mountains and
our plains with minerals—with lead, iron, and
copper—and given us climatc and soil for the
growing ofhemp and wool?" And have we not
strong and willing hands to dig the one from the
earth, and cultivate the other upon the plains, and
skillful artisans to fashion them into cunning and
useful handiwork?
Lay down your imported bars on soil filled wiui
iron ore; fill your bonded warehouses with for-
eign fabrics, while idle thousands stroll along
your thoroughfares; send yourgold to other lands
where you have established your workshops,
while continually-renewing panic and periodical
revulsion spread distress and ruin over the land;
import your coal and lead, while our mountains
are bursting with them, but call not this the le-
gislation of American statesmen for an American
people. Lotus rather call it treachery to our own
land and alliance with the foreigner.
Is it not better, in the language of the wariior-
statesman whose words I have quoted, that our
great staples, being the "grand materials ot our
national defense, should have extended to them
adequate a>id fair protection ?"
Sir, it is time that wc were becoming more
Americanized in this particular. No country ever
flourished for any length of time that neglected
the regulation of its impost duties. The late Em-
peror of Russia, who tried, but denounced, the
systenr-of free trade, declared that—
" Agriculture left without markets, industry without pro-
tection, languish and decline. Specie is exported, and the
most solid commercial houses are shaken. Events liave
proved that our agriculture and our commerce, as well as
our manufacturing industry, are not only paralyzed, but
brought to the brink of ruin."
The doctrine of free trade can only be sustained,
if sustained at all, on the basis of equal, free ex-
change of merchandise among all nations; and, at
the same time, other advantages of'prod action—
capital, wages, and transportation—must be equal.
How can this be reduccd to practice ? Or what
intelligent Government fails to protect its own in-
dustry? Nations, both m Europe and America,
have adopted, and inflexibly adhere to, the doc-
trine of protection. How can we compete with
others, if all tax us, and we fail to visit them
with duties ?
Take the article of iron, and we find the follow-
ing specific duties imposed upon it by the follow-
ing nations, as per the Commercial Relations, a
work published by our Government:
England.
All iron manufactures, 60 cents per 100 lbs.
Coppeiandbrass,$2 40 " " " "
France.
Iron ore*, free; manufactures of iron, with a few exceptions,
prohibited.
Cast steel, $22 47£ per 220 lbs.
Steel tools, 37 03$- " " "
Russia.
Iron m bars prohibited.
Castings in bars, 60 cents per 36 lbs.
Nails, 75 « " " «
Ail other manufactures of iron prohibited.
Belgium.
Iron, manufactures of, ranging from $2 73 to $5 09 per2Q0
lbs.
Bar iron, S3f cents per 220 lbs.
Portugal.
Nails and iron of all kinds, $4 34 per 101 ibs.
Central Europe—Zollvercin.
Iron nails, $4 14 per J10£ lbs.
Cutlery, 6 90 per 11U£ lbs.
Pa-pal States.
Iron castings, $15 per 74$ lbs.
Nails castings, 5 per 74} lbs.
China.
Iron in pigs, $14 58 per 133 lbs.
Iron manufactured, 22 15 per 133 Ibs.
Copper m pigs, 1 48 per 133 lbs.
Copper manufactured, 2 22 per 133 ibs.
Mexico.
Manufactures of iron, $2 per 101 lbs.
Brazil.
Manufactures of iron, nails, and spikes, under 1^ ineli,
$1 32 per 32} lbs.; and other kinds in proportion.
Guatemala.
lion in bar^ and sheets, $1 68 per 101 lb°.
Iron manufactured, horn $3 to ,$5 per 100 lbs.
San Salvador.
Iron manufactured for domestic use, $6 to $10 per 101 lbs.
Hayti.
Nails, iron, $1 per 108 lbs.
In fact every enlightened nation, whatever hom- ,
age it may have pnid in documents to the theory
of free trade has pursued a widely different pol-
icy, and relaxed the protective system only when
domestic manufactures have been firmly rooted.
Tariffs for revenue raised or lowered, enlarged or
contracted according to exigencies, are univer-
sally pronounced just and judicious.
England, the greatest manufacturing and com-
mercial nation of modern times, has systemized
and made the regulation of duties on imports a
political science. Iier imposts arc more protect-
ive, specific, and more wisely and nicely ad-
justed, than the duties imposed by any other na-
tion. Her great object was to foster, and cultivate
to the highest point of industrial and commercial
prosperity, her leading interests of manufacture
and trade. Revenue was secondary to this grand
object. Her cry of "free trade" is intended
solely for the foreign market, and she has real-
ized from it greater profits than from any other
export, but has no demand for the article at home.
Let us pause from the general consideration of the
subject, to ascertain the line of protection Eng-
land adopted for the purpose of building up her
iron interests, in view of ultimate supremacy m
