404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 6,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr, Barret.
Ho. of Keps.
* born in that country, but had lived in Illinois, I think they
said, some four years; high water drove linn out of the bot-
tom some two months before the election.
u The Mayor of Carondeiet begged me to desist. lie
sftid if I pursued that course I would get injured; so I
stopped at once, and the man voted."
Stopped what at once? He had, according to
his statement, already challenged the voter. How
could he then stop anything which would allow
him to vote, if he was not entitled ? The man
challenged showed himself a qualified voter.
But Cady goes on, in answer to a question:
Was this man named Louis Dapronte?' He
replies:
" I cannot say. I had, at one time, the names of about
twenty men in like circumstances; at least, it was so re-
ported. Some I knew, and some I did not know."
There is no proof as to how these men voted,
if they voted at all. The list of twenty men re-
ferred to by Cady must have been one of con-
testant's prepared lists, such as he has furnished
on several occasions to witnesses;and when a list
was thus furnished, Cady could easily say that
he had a list of twenty " so reported."
But Captain Madison Miller, an old resident of
Carondeiet, the friend and witness of Blair, says,
on page 552, that he was at the polls all day and
•watched the polls closely, and challenged all par-
ties who he suspected were not voters. Afexc, on
oath, said they were lately from Illinois, but were not
elloived to vote.
But take Cady's own story. Did the Mayor
of Carondeiet threaten or warn him? Did the
Mayor compel him to withdraw the challenge ?
Contestant says:
. *' It is proven that a party of twenty or twenty-five men
employed on a bridge across the Meiamee river, twelve
miles distant from Caromtelet, who had been rejected at
Mehl's Store precinct, were brought to Carondeiet, and put
in their votes; although many of them were recently fiom
Wisconsin, brought from that State by James 0. Hall, him-
self a resident of Prairie du Ohien, Illinois, but who voted
himself, and made all his men vote, at Mehl's store and Ca-
rondeiet, for the Democratic ticket.'
Here is the testimony: A. J. Shores (p. 516)
says he was clerk of the election at Mold's store;
there were some fifteen or twenty men said to be
working down there on the bridge and road; some
of them offered to vote; six of them voted; (right
here let it be observed that it is not known for
whom they voted:) others offered to vote. There
was quite a contest as to their qualification; the
judges appealed to the clerks, who said if they
were citizens of the United States they were en-
titled to vote. This was overruled by the judges,
and they refused all cxccpt the six. Witnessu<#s
told that those rejected voted at Carondeiet. Some
of those men were working on the bridge, some
on the roads, (p. 517.) Witness does not know
Casper Delfinglin, Samuel White, Ivory Sheney,
John Bchler, John Linn, or John Sinn, nor John
M. Schy; he thinks they voted at Mehl's store.
Witness does not know whether they voted for
Blair or Barret. (The truth is, these are the six
votes received which were objected to; and if the
abstract of ballots for this piecinct had not been
left out, it might be found that they voted for
Blair.) And witness (on page 521) says that he
thinks the names mentioned above were the names
of the six men who voted and were objected to.
According to this witness, then, there were fif-
teen or twenty men from the bridge and roads who
offered to vote; only six allowed; and he heard
that the balance went to Carondeiet. (The bal-
ance must have numbered about nine or fifteen.)
H. J. Hilisdorf (p. 581) says the six men were
challenged by Shores, the witness above. (Shores
contradicts that when he says his decision was
warranted by judges.) Witness says there were
twenty or twenty-fivo in Hall's gang:
u Question, How many out of Hall's gang voted at Mehl's
store r
<kv3njf«-er. I saw him coming there between five and six
tinier.
" Question. Do you know how many of them voted ?
((Answer. No. sir; Rome of them were not voters, and
some of them refused to swear (P, &8G.)
" Question. (P. 587.) Did any of JIair* gang vote at
Mehl's btore?
"rlnsu'cr- Ye«, sir; some of them; the most of them,
anyhow,"
(P, 584, this Mehl's store poll was not opened
until nine o'clock.)
Wiuics3 says he met Hall and his men on the
road to Carondeiet, and there were twenty or
twenty-five.
H. H. Whiting, referred to as a witness, says,
on page 700, in reply to question: " Did you see
a crowd come up late in the evening, under the
lead of one J. C. Hall, a bridge builder?"
The scene is now Carondeiet.
u Answer. I saw Mr. Hall himself and his team come
up, and some four or five men that were working for him."
Where are Hilsdorf's twenty or thirty men?
Could not say whether they voted.
Michael Chartrand, (p. 874,) in answer to the
question, " Did Hall bring up a lot of men from
the bridge, late in the evening, to vote at Caron-
deiet?" says he saw Hall with six or seven men
in a wagon; that he does not think any of the men
got out of the wagon or attempted to vote. (P.
875.) This statement is confirmed by Blair's own
witness, Whiting, as above. (P. 700.)
The other witnesses referred to are Long and
Thdmburg; one of them says he heard that Hall
came from Wisconsin, the other that his family re-
sided in Illinois. J. C. Hall voted at Mehl's store,
and nowhere else. (See poll-books.) This is all
the evidence as to this charge. Will any man of
any sense or honesty say that thi^*charge is sus-
tained ?
Contestant says " he has proven that the county
roads adjuccnt to Carondeiet were covered with
men employed a day or two before the election
for the purpose of obtaining their votes for the
Democratic ticket; that contractors brought them
up to vote; they voted, and were discharged the
day after election." (Shores, p. 516; Iiilsdorf,
p. 581; Hill, p. 558; Brown, p. 695; and Grabe,
p. 694, are referred to as witnesses.)
Shores (p. 517) thinks there were from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty men on the dif-
ferent county roads, railroads, and bridges; thinks
they were there for Hackney's benefit. Witness
says (p. 520) that the.increase of hands on other
roads than the railroad was aboutthirty or forty.
(Then'the one hundred or one hundred and fifty
hands must have been on the railroad, of which
Mr. Blair's man, Madison Miller, was president.)
Hilsdorf (p. 583) says, two or three days after
the election he saw a small gang of men working
on the road, and one of the hands told him they
did not need any inoie. His brothei-in-law told
him that some of the hands at the bridge were dis-
charged.
Hill (p. 558) says; about five days before the
election he met five Germans, who said they were
engaged to work on the county rood, and to vote
the ticket which the overseer of the road would
give them.
Brown (p. 696) saw ten or twelve men, with
carpet-sacks, leave next day after the election;
that Cady brought his men there from St. Louis.
Miller says that the Iron Mountain Railroad
Company were putting; up a large machine shop
and other buildings. The mechanics and laborers
had to be procured at St. Louis, (p. 551.)
Whiting (p. 701) says there were engaged in
Carondeiet many mechanics and laborers, form
erly living in St. Louis. Chartrand (p. 868) says
the same. Now, if the hands on roads were in-
creased by Hackney, and for his benefit, as some
of the witnesses think, the hands were obtained
mostly in St. Louis, and they did not thereby lose
their right of suffrage. The assertion that hands
were employed for the purpose of voting the Dem-
ocratic ticket is entirely unsustuined. Hackney,
as candidate for judge, is proved, by Shores and
others, to have been on several tickets. He was
running as an independent candidate.
Contestant says:
"It shown that pci^ori^ voted when drunk, and that
one man who lpfused to <wear, was plied with liquor, and
again biought up and ieluded ; the thud time he took the
oath."
Miller, the witness referred to, (p. 548,) speaks
of'such a man, but his name is not given; how he
voted is not known. Mi. Blair had a first-rate
friend among the judges, Jacob Steins; he might
have called him as a witness, but he did not.
This is all the evidence upon which it is sought
to throw out the vote at Carondeiet precinct; and
contestant winds up his complaints as to the pro-
ceedings at this poll in this manner:
(t The misconduct of the judges in receiving the vote of a
pei^on actuaiiy forced before their eyes against his inclina-
tion to vote the Bartet ticket, and in receiving the vote of
a person so drunk as to be unable to stand alone, is suffi-
cient to prove their complicity in these gross frauds, and
discredit their returns."
Old Jacob Steins will be somewhat surprised
when he finds that his friend, Mr. Blair, for
whom he voted, and for whom he acted as one of
the judges of election at Carondeiet, has chaiged
him, and caused his .majority committee to charge
him, with being an accomplice in frauds at Caron-
deiet.
This is all the testimony in regard to this pre-
cinct; and yet the contestant and the majority of
the committee have the assurance to assert broadly,
that there was great fraud, violence, and, corrup-
tion in this district; that hundreds of men were
employed on roads and bridges for the purpose
of getting their votes; that tliey were strangers,
and were dismissed after the election; and were
seen to leave with their carpet-sacks in their hands.
It will be remembered that only ten or twelve
men were seen with carpet-sacks, and that num-
ber could be seen any day at a railroad depot.
Now, whilst in this township, I may as well
show that this majority of the committee have
stricken from my vote at Mehl's store eight votes,
without evidence: Shores says that six votes were
received at Mehl's store to which objection was
made; he does not know whether they voted for
Blair or Barret. (P. 517.) Who does know?
What, are their names ? The vote of George Mc-
Given is challenged by the testimony of H. J.
Hilisdorf, who says that Landorf told him that
McGiven lives at present in Jefferson county,
(testimony given November 8, 1858.) (P. 583.)
No proof as to how McGiven voted. The vote
of James C. Hall is attacked by two witnesses,
John F. Long, (p. 914,) and Josiah Thomburgh,
(p. 622.) Long thinks he is from Wisconsin.
Thomburgh understood from him that his family
lived in Illinois. No one can say for whom he
voted.
This is all the testimony in regard to the eight
votes thrown out at Mehl's. That they have done
so, see their report, p. 34. I ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts if the above is not all the tes-
timony there is in regard to the eight votes at
Mehl's store?
Mr. WILSON made a remark, which was not
heard.
Mr. BARRET. Is not this all of the testimony
in regard to the matter of these eight voters?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) There is the testi-
mony of Hilisdorf on the same subject.
Mr. BARRET. Does Mr. Hilisdorf say that
they voted for me?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) The proof is that
the man who is contractor at the bridge took up
the balance of them, I think, and voted them at
Carondeiet.
Mr. BARRET. They did not vote at Caron-
deiet. Two witnesses—and one of them Mr.
Whiting, witness for Mr. Blair—say that only
four or five went with Hall to Carondeiet, and
that they did not get out of the wagon. But how
docs the fact that certain men who did not vote at
Mehl's store went with Hall to Carondeiet show
that these six men, whose names are not even
given, voted for me?
Mr. BLAIR, (contestant.) Because Hall said
so.
Mr. Bx\RRET. Show me the evidence that
Hall said so. The gentleman cannot show it. I
challenge him to do so. I am not dealing in mere
assertions. I can give the page where the wit-
nesses say that when Hall came to Carondeiet
he had four or five men in his wagon, and, accord-
ing to their recollection, they did not get out of
the wagon.
I refer to this act of the majority committee in
regard to Mehl's store merely as a specimen of
the gross injustice done me in their desperate at-
tempt to elect Mr. Blair. In regard to about 600
of the votes which they strike off from my poll,
they have no better testimony than that in regard
to the last precinct referred to.
The majority committee say (report, p. 6) that
the poll-books show that the same persons cast
more than one ballot—that is, the same name is
found twice on the poll-books sometimes. lu
some instances the same name occurs three or four
times. That is easily explained. All of the fol-
lowing names appear on the poll-books once, at
least, sometimes oftener; ana I have taken the
