1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
TO
In 1825 this question of interest occurred, and
it occurred in this way: a part of the money Vir-
ginia had raised by a loan, or obtained by selling
interest-bearing stocks. It was therefore con-
sidered a part of the sura which should be re-
funded to her, on the principle of refunding all
that she had paid—that was all. Though it is
called interest, it was simply upon the principle
of refunding to her what she had actually paid
out. That was the whole of it. Virginia did not
present herself as a creditor, speaking upon ordi-
nary principles. She had advanced money patri-
otically, liberally; but she did not so far derogate
from herself as to place herself in the condition
of an ordinary creditor for the use of property.
That was not the condition of the parties; it was
not the relation of the parties. Virginia did not
present herself in that attitude. As the Auditor
says, in his report:
Siic did not seek or claim to occtipv the position of a
creditor demanding interest as omnp^n^itum or damages
for moneys due and withheld, to computed according to
.strictly legal rules, as between debtoi and creditor in ordi-
nary canes-, in the calculation of the interest, as well as the
application of the payments."
Those little rules that govern ordinary cases
were not applicable to the case at all, and were
not so considered by the parties. Now,sir, that
is the ease. Every dollar of interest had been
paid up before 1825, as I understand. What is
the claim now? After the act of 1825, interest
was calculated, and interest was paid up to an
amount of $178,000; that being the amount of in-
terest which she had actually paid out herself, or
actually lost by selling stocks that were bearing
interest. This was simply to save her harmless.
That was the principle on which this whole pro-
ceeding went up to 1825. There it rested.
For thirty years these claims have been sup-
posed to be settled with the acquiescence of all
parties; and now we are waked up of a sudden to
a demand requiring that those ordinary principles
between individual debtors and creditors shall be
applied. Interest is claimed as by an ordinary
creditor. The rales of payment, as regulated by
law between individuals, is to be applied, and a
nice commercial spirit of calculation is to b'1 made
as to the payments and interest. That was not
in the spirit of the contract. It was not in the true
meaning of the contract. We did not hear that
Virginia, up to the time when every dollar of prin-
cipal was paid her, ever demanded anything more
or subdued her majesty in such a cause as to take
the position of an ordinary creditor, and demanded
the application of these petty rules, as if she was
making an interest out of the money she had ad-
vanced^. No, sir; that is not the nature of the
contract. She was then, before 183?, paid every
• dollar that was due. In 1825, as I said, it appear-
ing that she had not only paid the principal sum,
but that she had obtained that principal sum by
herself having to pay, or sacrifice stocks bearing
six per ccnt.^ upon the principal of saving her
harmless—not of paying her interest, but of sav-
ing her harmless—it was necessary to pay her the
interest she had lost. That might fairly be con-
sidered as a part of the advance; and that was
the only interest ever demanded by Virginia, or
ever acknowledged or admitted by this Govern-
ment up to 1825. Then this was acknowledged,
and she had paid back §178,000.
Now, wluit is the demand? That all these re-
lations between the parties then acknowledged
that the character of the transactions between the
State and thu General Government shall all be set
aside as it was then considered, and that we shall
substitute in place of it the ordinary ease of debtor
and creditor; where the creditor is supposed to lend
his money in the hope of profit; where the con-
tract is of a character that invokes nothing else
but the strict application of the rules applicable
between merchants to the payment of interest.
What is the effect of that? Virginia was paid
under this act of 1825, and I suppose soon after,
the whole amount of her interest, ^178,000, as
then understood and computed between the pat-
ties, Principal and interest were then paid her;
that is to say, she was completely ^indemnified,
reimbursed, and saved harmless. So lar as we
know, that was all she asked, and all this Gov-
ernment admitted.
Now, sir, wo are to go back. We arc not only
to set aside these settlements, hut we are to go
hack to thu date of these ad's duces; we arc to dis-
regard all the laws that have been passed; the law
passed immediately after the war, regulating these
settlements and the reimbursements to be made
by the act of 1825, as to the State of Virginia—we
are to pass overall these withasingleleap; we are
to change the character of the transactions from
what I have represented; we arc to go back to the
date of advances by the State of Virginia, and
when the first payment of principal wag made we
are to suppose interest accrued; that is to be paid
first; and when another installment is made, that
is to be considered and must be satisfied, which
leaves a part of the principal now due; after the
payment of which principal, before 1825 and after
1825, in virtue of that law, the claim of §178,000
upon so much of the advance as Virginia herself
had paid interest, we are now called upon, as a
matter of pure, clear justice, to recognize this, u:>
the gentleman from Pennsylvania puts it, as a
mere ordinary transaction, with the expectation
of a contract.
Where is the individual who would submit to
it after such a lapse of time ? But 1 pass all that
by, for I am for discriminating this from the mere
common case of creditor and debtor. Here was
a settlement with the assent of both parties. The
States knew their own meaning in advancing the
money; the Government knew its meaning when
it settled the account. The terms were as well
understood then as they aie now, and better. The
parties who first settled these accounts were the
actors m paying this debt; and according to their
own meaning and intention they settled it. But
now we are to go back and adopt a new set of
principles; set aside the law passed immediately
after the war, and the law of 1825; set aside the
construction which was then given to the nature
of the transaction, and take another; considering
it as a mere petty loan for interest, made by the
State of Virginia, and go into all the putty rules
that regulate the application of payments and the
payment of interest; and this, after the lapse of
tliii ly-five ycais from the date of the act of 1825.
Why, sir, tins di bthas been creeping along. The
State of Virginia was unconscious ot it tor thnty
year-! or more. This Government was uncon-
scious of it. We have been paying interest, ac-
cording to this mode of settlement, when we had
an overflowing Treasury and did not know what
to do with the money. In the mean time we
passed a law for the distribution of §40,000,000
of surplus in the Treasury that wc did not know
what to do with. We did not know then that
the debt existed; Virginia did not know it, if we
can infer anything from her silence. It had no
existence until this day, but is to be derived now;
created by the suggestion of new modes of settle-
ment, giving a new character to this transaction.
This scorns' to me now to be the nature of the
case.
I am told that 1 have voted for these claims be-
fore. I dare say I have, but it dues not fellow
that I should vote for them now. I have exam-
ined them now, and am against paying them. I
do not think wc owe a cent; I do not believe that
on this hypothesis we ought to pay a cent of this
debt that has been creeping along on us without
our being conscious of it, and which now, on a
mere interest account, reaches upwards ot a mil-
lion dollars. Virginia advanced something less
than two million dollars. We paid off the whole
of that principal, as understood between the par-
ties, before 1825, and then this Government, un-
willing that fyivthiug should be lo-a l.y Virginia,
on the principle of saving her harmless, paid her
interest on all that she had paid, and all the par-
ties were satisfied. _ ...
Mr. President, this is the view which 1 enter-
tain; and. taking this view, I shall vote against
the amendment. I have teltexceodingly reluctant
to make this explanation, which is tile more ne-
cessary, because 1 very probably have \oted foi
these claims before, misled by the ordinary state-
ment that this was a meie common case of cred-
itor and debtor, and a loan upon interest ami pay-
ments made and not piopeily applied. \\ o now
understand a little more of U. I should be glad
to have an opportunity to understand it stid more,
so that if I am now in error, I may correct it; out
you have attached it here to a bill to wr.ich it
does not belong, and to which it ought never to
have been annexed. Itisa subject of consequence.
Tf we ought equitably and justly to pay anything
to the States, I am sure we should always be per-. .
fectly willing to do it. It deserves consideration
separately and in a distinct bill, where it might have
been canvassed without the impatience that must
necessarily attend it when it is offered as an amend-,
ment to a bill of general appropriations, which
must pass. I feel that inconvenience. I feel my-
self rebuked at every moment that I occupy the
time of the Senate, when it is so reluctant, I am.
sure, to hear anything further on this subjects
With my present understanding, I am bound, to
vote against this whole provision. It is said Ma-
ryland has got it. It may be so; and I dare suy
I voted for that. Under the circumstances of that
case, it may have been well enough, or it may
have been wrong, to make the allowance to the
State of Maryland. If it was right when it was
passed, it is right now, and I am content any
way. If it is wrong, I do not intend to follow it
a step further. With the present view I have, I •
shall be compelled to vote against the whole pro-
vision made m this amendment for reopening
these settlements now, after the lapse of thirty
years. See the consequence. It comes suddenly
upon us. We did not know that wc owed any-
thingon this score; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is to be carefully authoiized now, lest the
sum shall amount to more than the Treasury can
afford to pay, to make new loans and add to this
peaceful debt whiph we are contracting. I shall
vote against the whole provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fit;zpat-
r;ck in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. IVERSON. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered on it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
been.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope we shall take), the
question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Before the
vote is taken, I desire to state that I had several
amendments to offer that would better the* amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia; but I am now
disposed to let the vote be taken upon it as it
stands, with all its imperfections. If it had none
of those imperfections, still, the provision for the
allowance of interest in the mode proposed would,
in my judgment, be a bad precedent. Under the
circumstances, I think that those who are op-
posed to the whole principle will find it better to
submit no amendment at all, but to vote upon the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia as it is.
It will never become a law, I am satisfied, whether
the Senate agree to it or not. I shall, therefore,
not oiler any amendments to it; but I hope the
Senate will take the question on it as it is, with
all its imperfections on its head.
Mr. DAVIS. Before proceeding to vote upon
the question, it is my purpose very briefly to
state the reason why I shall vote against the
amendment. I have none of that hostility to-
wards the old States which has been referred to.
It is not my purpose at all to detract from the
services which they have rendered, or i I'oin any
just claims which they may have. The whole
argument, however, it seems to me, thus far, has
proceeded upon the basis that because a settle-
ment after the proposed manner has been made
with Maryland, theiefore it should be made with
every other State which madcadvances during tile
war of 1812. If the settlement made with Mary-
land was right, if the former practice was incorrect,
and at that time and then, for the first occasion,
we adopted what was the true mode of settlement,
the argument is worth something; otherwise, noth-
ing. if we departed from a sound principle in
the ease ol the settlements with Maryland nnd
Alabama, then there is no reason why we should
multiply the numbei of our enors.
In 1790, we settled with the States the war debt
of the Revolution. Certainly, there is equal claim
why that settlement should be reopened, and the
basis for calculating interest be adopted which
has been applied to the State ol Maryland, as for
i those advances which were made in the war of
| 1812. Nay, more; for, as was well said by my
I friend from Arkansas, that was a period when
patriotism and poverty went hand in hand to
maintain our independence. They were then
struggling, under all the piessure of colonies re-
belling against the mother country,.without nny
of the previous preparation which the states had
