1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
streams with triumphal arches; drives the steam-
ship against baffled, winds; guides the lightnings
of heaven with the messages of men from mart
to mart, from extremity to extremity of the land.
It has bound, and will bind again, two continents
with inter-oceanic bands. It notes the progress
of civilization, and is the record of national life.
In the whole land, iron is king.
Men of Missouri, men of Michigan, men from
all the iron-bearing States, men of the whole land,
will you not unite with us in developing the -vast
resources of the country? It is amazing that we
should be indulgingiti party squabbles when these
great interests, stored in Nature's mountain ware-
houses, require attention at our hands! Whata
future we havebefore us if we will be wise! Have
you over considered the value? of our mineral
resources' A bar of iron, valued at $5, worked
into horse-shoes, is worth $10 50; into needles,
§55; into penknife blades, $3,285; shirt buttons,
§29,480;andbalance-springsof watches, $250,000;
all of which increase in value is imparted to itby
the application of human labor. A pound of iron
call bo made a hundred times more valuable than
a pound of gold; and we require no Potosi or Cal-
ifornia, so long as we have the iron mountains of
Pennsylvania and of Missouri.
Fourteen years since no railroad iron was man-
ufactured in the United States. In 1855 we made
135,300 tons, and the same year imported only
127,516 tons. Our present yield cannot be short
of 250,000 tons. The cost of this article does not
exceed the average price at which the foreign rails
have been delivered in our ports, and the quality
is far superior. In less than three years,.with
reasonable protection, the rail mills of the United
States will be able to meet the demand of the
country, supplying a better article, at fair prices;
and at the same time we can defy foreign compe-
tition. If we break this most important interest
down, do you believe English rails will be fur-
nished at a cheaper rate ? Experience teaches that
when England succeeds in breaking down foreign
production, and has the market under her control,
she invariably raises the price of the article to re-
munerate herself for former losses, and m the end
the consumer must pa)' more for her fabrics.
Protection will cheapen the article to the con-
sumer, as has been elaborately and frequently :
shown on this floor. Take the ^500,000,000 worth
per annum of cotton, woolen, cut-nails, tools, farm
implements, castings, locks, &c., and we know
that they are furnished at cheaper rates to the
consumer than they would be if imported. Com-
pare them with the prices paid for the same arti-
cles abroad; and, taking quality into account, they
are sold much cheaper here than in Europe. Take
the article of American stoves; and under very
moderate protection, we have made a better arti-
cle, at lower prices, than any could be imported
for. We have driven out all foreign competition
on this article; and while we not only import no
stoves, we are sending a supenor article to foreign
and distant markets, and competing with the for-
eign manufacturer on liis own ground. This, tori,
is the case with some descriptions of cotton fao-
rics, and with Yankee clocks. There was a tune
when an ordinary foreign article of cotton prints
cost the consumer from 35 to 40 cents a yard, and
tlmi, loo, not long since. But under protection
New England has driven out foreign competition,
and supplies not only the domestic, but the for-
eign maiket, with a much better fabric at from
5 to 10 cents per yard. This result was mainly
owing to the tariff of 3810, which imposed a heavy
specific duty on imported cottons, and uuilt up
that branch of industry; and now we can defy the
world, tariff or no taiiff, on cotton prints. To a
great extent this is the case with some descrip-
tion:! of flannels, satinets, edge-tools, clocks, cut-
nails, and many kinds of castings.
1'ut for us, unfortunately, we have not reached
this point with broadcloths, iron, watches, silks,
many descriptions of cotton, woolen, linen, ana
mixed fabrics. They still require the fostering
hand of Government. We arc buying these from
European workshops, and sending abroad to pay
for them all our surplus giam, hemp, cotton, pork,
as well as all the gold of California and Pike s
Peak; and when we have neither col ton, grain, not
gold left, we send United States and State securi-
ties, municipal and railroad bonds; making ourna.'
tional indebtedness abroad now over §500,000,000;
and when all these are exhausted, and the balance
of trade (that true barometer of a nation's pros-
perity) is still against us, then comes the panic,
and we break! Is any one surprised that it should
be so ? How could it be otherwise ? What have
the banks to do with all this ? They do not coin
gold; and if you drain the country of specie to
pay for your imports, the banks, like individuals,
feel the drain and the pressure, and, like individ-
uals, suspend specie payments to save themselves
from a worse fate; and so ends the financial ex-
perience of that period, like all its predecessors.
• Was this not the inevitable result? How do
you propose to sustain the prosperity of the coun-
try and maintain public confidence, with the bal-
ance of trade against us? The whole subject
resolves itself into this. We have been buying
more than we have been selling, and the balance
is against us. Bankrupt nations are but large
bankrupt families. The family which buys more
than it sells, grows poor. Extend this simple
principle to the nations of the earth, for it may
with propriety be so extended. A modem author,
writing on this rule, says:
" Now, you may add acre to acre, and estate to estate,
as far a^ you like, but you wilt never leach a compasses*
ground that shall escape from the authoiity of these simple
laws? The principles winch are right m the adnnnistialion
of a few fields, are iiglitatso in the administration of a great
countiy liom jiouzon to liouzon."
The nations of the earth are great families; and
this Yankee family of ours is in debt, because we
have, instead of making within ourselves all the
articles the family required, and feeding our prod-
uce to our own hands, been sending all our prod-
uce and gold and bonds abroad to purchase goods,
and we have nothing left to pay with; and we
have gone dov/n to the lowest depths of national
bankruptcy; and the Government is as poor as
the people, and is obliged to issue Treasury notes
to borrow money on.
The public debt now amounts to upwards of
§58,000,000, and all must admit that the tempo-
rary expedient of Government loans, as evidenced
by Treasury notes, is but an admission of national
bankruptcy. That m a time of profound peacea
nation like ours should be fuiccd to borrow money
to defray the ordinary expenses of Government,
is indeed humiliating. Howlong do you propose
to exhibit this Administration pauper in the loan
market? Or do yon intend to resort to "direct
taxation" to raise the >,00,000,000 necessary to
defray the governmental expenses? If you do,
make the issue squarely, and the people will give,
you an answer through the ballot-box. If you
do not, and are disgusted with your begging op-
erations, come up to the work boldly, and assist
us in placing a duty on foreign fabrics that will
not only yield the 'revenue you require to carry
on the Government, but will encourage and sus-
tain the labor of the country. You are not. legis-
lating for transatlantic communities, although
much of the legislation on this subject, for many
years past, would seem to indicate that you were
doing so. Foreign Governments take care of then-
people and their interests; let us take care of our
people and our interests.
But to turn again to theargument. Every farmer
knows that t'le best market for the sale of his
produce is the home market, for there is no risk
and loss on transportation; the conversion of farm
produce into cash is speedy and ccrtain. The for-
eign maiket is distant, prices fluctuating, risks
°*reat, and delay in return injurious. The nearer
you can bring i be workshops to the farm the bet-
ter it will be"for farmer and artisan. The pros-
perity of one is the prosperity oi the Othei. But
if our workshops are in Europe, there can be none
in successful operation at home, and our markets
must beabroad also,if markets they may be called.
We import inoie bread-stuffs than any nation on
the face of the earth.' When you look abroad over
our vast extent of corn-growing country—over
oceans of sunlit plains, restless with tile lolling
wave of gram; when you reflect that we feed our
own millions, and a continent besides, fiom sui-
j! plus crops, yon wonder at this vast import of
j! cereals! True, yon do not find it entered at the
i; custom-house, by the names ot corn, wheat, bar-
|i ley, or beans. Alert judgnif at would condemn
|i it thus, and legislation would exclude it: but it
!, achieves an entrance, like an.enemy, in disguise.
j| Masked in iron, or muffled in wool or silks, the
I1 reflective vision seosm the warp of German ctoth,
li in the tissue of French silks, the foreign gram;
perceives, wrought into the fiber of English iron,
the. red wheat of the Baltic and of the Mediterra-
nean, the pork of Ohio and the corn of England.
Thus it comes to us in a far more profitable shapo
for the foreign producer, and a much more ruinous
one far us. If imported directly it would, at best,
give but a single profit to the transatlantic pro-
ducer; wrought into foreign fabrics it comes with
a double profit to them, a double injury to us.
The Germans, the French, the English, arc too
wise to adopt this ruinous policy. The homo
market, the domestic consumption of raw mate-
rial, the double profit on the manufactured article,
is their theory and their practice. We export
raw material and breadstuff's to give employment
to, and to feed, foreign laborers. They consume
both, and the manufactured article is sent back to
us, and sold at a profit So that in the end, and
as a necessary result of this ruinous policy, our
raw material and their law material, our grain
and their grain, come back to us, and we purchase
and repurchase, at a profit to them on the whole
operation, and a loss to ourselves; and the balance
of trade, the world's great lever—more powerful
than embattled hosts and mighty armaments—
remains against us, and in favor of our avals, and
we go down in the scale of power, prosperity, and
happiness.
When will we, as a nation, learn to be true to
ourselves ? In the English policy in this particular
we hove a certain guide and text book. Remem-
ber, theories are nothing as against facts, figures,
and experience. I liavo shown English policy in
this regard. The world has observed its results
in commerce that covers every sea, in crowded
marts, in monetary supremacy, in vast .posses-
sions, in the march of empire and dominion, and
in material and intellectual power. Nor is. the
recent treaty entered into between England and
France any departure from the settled protective
policy of either. Protection is not given up on
anything requiring protection. France proposes,
at a future period, to reduce duties on some articles
to figui es which we have not yet reached. France,
with industry fully developed, can do this.. So
can we, when we reach the same industrial vigor,
on the same articles. All wo ask now is the
measure of protection which France agrees to
fall to hereafter—thirty per cent, made specific,
instead of nineteen, and twenty-four instead of
fifteen.
In a speech recently delivered to the legislative
corps of France ,-on the subject of this treaty, Count
de Moray said, among other things:
" Fiee trade may, it appear* to me, bo considered as the
object to which society i - tending; but protection must be
the means ot ariivmg at it. Suppose free trade established
in a new and poor countiy: what will liiat country pro-
duce ? I do not deny but that it can develop some favored
industry by a natuiai privileged situation ; but foreign com-
petition would sutie in their hud all tho^cthings which it
refilliies in ordei to prosper—capital, sliilllul woi kmen, ex-
pcuenced overseer?, ea-y communication, and agood mar-
ket; in tact, all the conditions which time alone can give.
A tiuiiMtiOii, consequently,: - indispensable; and to pieacli
Tree trade to a countiy winch doeb not enjoy all these ad-
' vantage?, is nearly equitable to propose to a child to
contend with a giotvn man."
Protection must be the means of arriving at low
prices and general prosperity. There is no other
way known to the experience of nations; and the
sooner tee come to this conclusion the better it will
be for the country.
What point of progress would the country not
have reached if the tariff law of 1842 had not been
repealed ? With the balance of trade in our favor,
and a line of policy that did more for the country
than any ever adopted, we would have become
the fust of commercial, agricultural, and manu-
facturing nations. Tiie repeal of that law cost us
all the gold of California, and all the surplus prod-
ucts of the country—nay, more than these, cost
us the loss of a progress which the art of man can-
j notcalculate. What did we receive in lieu thereof?
Some bad railroad iron, French ribbons, lace, in-
ferior champagne, and national banlauptcy.
The policy of the South, in relation to hergreat
staple, is unwiseond minous. The cotton grower
sends abroad all the raw material which should
be manufactured in Georgia, Louisiana, and Ala-
bama, on southern looms, and the profit on the
raw material and manufactured article retained at
home. The average domestic consumption of
cotton was, for the years 1857-58 and 1858—59,
740.000 bales. Now, it is 900,000, when it
should be, according-tothe increase of population
