2792'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
made before the war of 1812. .i fortiori, if it be
right in the case of the advances made in the war
of 1812, far more is it right in relation to the set-
tlement of 1790.
„ It appears, also, that the settlement in the pres-
ent case was accepted by all the States, with the
exception of South Carolina; that they received
this payment as the full measure of their claim
against the Government—South Carolina, so far as
I am informed, alone protesting against it. With
what grace can they come now and ask that the
account be reopened ? The Government paid to
them, then, not only what they advanced, but a
certain calculation of interest; and permit me to
say that I do not think we should have paid any
interest. Where a State borrowed money and
paid interest on it, to repay that interest which
the State has paid is merely indemnity, merely
refunding to her her expenditure. Beyond that,
I think we never should have gone. Therefore,
nothing of that which properly ever could have
been called interest would 1 pay.
Now, it is proposed to pay interest wherever
the State lost it; and that is finally defined to be
where the State was compelled to part with stocks
bearing interest, and thus to suffer loss in the in-
terest she would have received if she had con-
tinued to hold the stocks. If the State had the
money in her treasury, it was worth legal interest;
and there are very few stocks which pay more;
therefore the State which advanced the money
out of her coffers stands on an equal footing with a
State which parted with her stocks. It was money
in either case; and the money in either case would
have borne interest. It is, then, wherever a State
invested its money in stocks, to guaranty the in-
terest which those stocks, it is supposed, would
have borne, though they might never have been
paid, and excluding a State which advanced the
money from anything which may be estimated as
the value of that money advanced. It is, therefore,
not equal at last. We assume to be seeking
equality; but we do not attain it. It is unequal
in the case of the State which advanced the money.
I think, therefore, we had better return to the set-
tlement which has been made and accepted by the
States, and rest on that as a finality.
There is, however, another class of claims al-
luded to. I mean those of the men who gave their
services, the men who abandoned their flocks and
their herds, their fields and their ordinary pursuits,
went into the army of the Revolution, and served
throughout, that eventful struggle, receiving, in
compensation, paper money which was scarcely
worth the rags on which it was printed. That
continental money has never been redeemed.
There stands the first claim to the equity of the
Government. If we are going to reopen an ac-
count, if we are going back to examine what
claims rest upon old liabilities, the first claim to
be answered is that of the revolutionary soldiers
who wore paid off in worthless rags instead of
money—$241,000,000; a large part of it thrown
away by men who desponded of the hope of see-
ing this money redeemed. These men set it
down as part of their sacrifice for the liberty
which they transmitted to their children, and
threw it away as something even the memento of
which they did not choose longer to preserve.
These are the claimants who, in my estimation,
hold the first place. When these have been satis-
fied; when the debt of the Revolution has been
discharged; when, if interest is to be paid, inter-
est shall have been paid upon the advances made
by the States in their infancy, then, and not till
then, shall I consent to entertain this question,
of interest upon advances made in the war of
1812.
But, sir, I think the point made by the Senator
from Ohio was not without value. The money
advanced by the States was for services in their
own neighborhood. It may not have been within
their own limits always, as in the case of that
eventful march to Baltimore of the troops of Penn-
sylvania, but it was in their own neighborhood;
and the invasion was so nearly upon their own
border that, if it had been successful in a sister
State, it would soon have involved their Own.
To return to them the expenditure which they
made, is as much as they have a right to ask of
the common fund; it is as much as they have a
right to ask should be imposed as a burden upon
those who have been born since the event occurred,
It is wrong thus to transmit the burdens of one
feneration to another—to load posterity with a
ebt which, if it was just, should have been dis-
charged by those who knew all the circumstances
which surrounded it.
For all these reasons, thus briefly stated, I
shall vote against the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Cameron,
Chesnut, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Ilamlm, Hammond,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iversoft, Kennedy, Lane, Mallorv, Ma-
son, i'earce. Simmon*, Sumner,Thomson, and Wilson—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Bingham, Bra™, Chandler, Clark,
Ciingman, Ciittenden, Davis, Doolittle, Durltee, Fitzpat-
rick, Foster, Grimes, Bale, Harlan, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Pugh, Sebastian, Slideil, Tea Eyck, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, Wigfali, and Wilkinson—:29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill, which I think is in order, as being
moved in pursuance of an estimate from the head
of the War Department:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the amount appropriated
by the first section of the act of April S3,1808, tor the pur-
pose of^ providing arms and military equipments for the
whole body of the militia of the United States, be, and the
same is hereby, increased to $600,000 per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order? Does it
come from any committee ?
Mr. DIXON. I ask that the estimate be
read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department, Mrnj 92,1860.
Sir : In answer to your letter of the 14th instant, re-
questing my views as to the extent to which the appropri-
ation for arming and equipping the militia should be earned,
I have the honor to state, that in the suggestion on this sub-
ject in my repoit to the President of the 1st December,
1859, f had in view such a ratio of increase as should be
neaiiy proportionate to the increase of the militia force
since the existing annual appropriation of §200,000 was
made in 1808.
That view i-. strengthened by the increased facilities of
intercommunication affoiued by telegraph, railways, and
steamboats, for concentrating, m an emei gency, large bodies
of militia from distant points.
To carry out my view of the case will require an increase
of the present annual appropiiation to at least a threefold
extent, or to $600,000, which airtfrmit, I may add, will fur-
nish means to arm and equip, as infantry, only one hundred
men for each Senator and Representative, reserving enough
to supply each Tenitory to the same extent as a State
having the least representation in Congress.
Very respectfully, vom obedient servant,
JOIIN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War.
lion. Jefferson fUvts,
Chairman Committee on Military Affairs. Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that an estimate such as
you can offer an amendment on? It is a mero
detail of apian. It is not an estimate on which
to found an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair is inclined to think
it is.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the rule be read. It
strikes me that this does not come within an esti-
mate. It is an answer to a letter.
. The Secretary read the 30th rule, as follows:
" No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to an^grncral appiopnation bill, unless
it be made to carry out some existing law, or some actor
resolution pieviou^ly passed by the Senate during that ses-
sion, or moved by direction ot a standing or select commit-
tee of the Senate, or m pursuance of an estimate from the
head of some of the Departments ; and no amendment shall
be received whose object is to provide for a private claim,
unless it be to cany out the provisions of an existing law,
or treaty stipulation."
an answer to a letter, asking the opinion of the head
of a Department upon a cgrtain proposition, is not
such an estimate as is contemplated by the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
submit the question of order to the Senate. This
amendment being proposed, and a question of or-
der being made upon it, the question is: Is the
amendment in order to this bill? Senators in
favor of its admission as an amendment, under the
30th rule, will say "ay."
Mr. PUGH. I think the amendment is in order;
but I hope H will be voted down. We are in a
state of peace and quiet, and do not want to do
any fighting, and have not got very much money
in the Treasury. I hope the amendment will be
voted down, without raising the question of
order.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I hone it will not be voted
down. Although many States may be in a state
of peace, there are some States of the Union in a
condition of war; as is the case with Texas, at
least, if not with other States. Texas has been
in war ever since she was annexed to the United
States; and although the Government of the
United States is compelled by the Constitution to
arm the militia, it has furnished scarcely any arms
for Texas at all. The little State of Delaware,
with only three counties, has received twice as
many arms from the United States as the State
of Texas, with one hundred and forty counties
and two hundred thousand square miles of terri-
tory 
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend that
there is a question of order pending, which is not
debatable.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I am only answering the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio, which require
answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Texas that questions
of order are not considered debatable.
Mr. DIXON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators, as
many as think this amendment admissible on the
question of order, will, as their names are called,
answer "yea;" those who think otherwise will
answer " nay."
Mr. BAYARD. Has the Chair made any de-
cision?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No; the Chair
submits the question to the Senate as a question
of order.
Mr. MASON. Will the Chair direct the amend-
ment to be read ?  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War be read. ["Oh no."] It is a
question of order, and we ought to vote undcr-
standingly.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be read. If
gentlemen will not listen to the reading of letters,
and compel them to be read over two or three
times, how long will it take us to get through with
the bill? The Senate has already heard the letter.
I hope it will not be read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The letter hay-
ing been once read, it cannot be read again if
objection be made, unless by order of the Senate.
Shall the letter be read?
The letter was ordered to be read; there being,
on a division -ayes 27, noes 8.
The Secretary read the letter of the Secretary •
of War.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, if the Senate dccide that it is in order. I
understand there is a question of order; and I
wish simply to state my position in order that my
view of the proposition may not be mistaken from
my vote on the point of order. I think the esti-
mate which has been read here is strictly in ac-
cordance with what has been the practice of the
Senate since the 30th rule was adopted. For
years I was at the head of a committee where ^
estimates were made precisely as this is, upon a
communication being addressed to the head of the
Department by the chairman of the committee;
and the amount stated by the Department, in an-
swer to such a letter, has always been treated as
an estimate. The rule does not require a recom-
mendation from a Department, but simply an
estimate of what is needed to do the thing, if Con-
gress shall adopt it. I think we had better not
change our uniform practice in this matter, but, if
the thin<* is not wanted, vote it down.
Mr. DIXON. There is also a recommendation
of the Secretary of War in his annual report,
which I have before me.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely state, before we
proceed to the consideration of it, that 1 suppose
the letter which has been read is a copy of a letter
sent by the Secretary of War to the Committee
on Military Affairs; and as I find it is addressed
to myself, it may be becoming to say that the
Secretary of War, having recommended in his
annual report an increase of the amount of arms
to be distributed to the militia, the committee
directed me to address him a letter of inquiry as
