1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I suppose that
resolution is moved as a substitute to mine.
Mr. JOH N COCHRANE. The gentleman
from South Carolina, Mr. Speaker, had the floor
upon a question of privilege. It was not of a per-
sonal nature, and applicable to himself alone; but,
under the rules of the House, as has been stated
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
it addressed to the Chair the question of enforc-
ing the orders of the House. It had that extent
and no more. The introduction of any resolu-
tion is not a question of privilege, and therefore I
object to the introduction of any resolution. Itis
apparant that this is a question which will pro-
voke debate; and I would suggest that the resolu-
tion introduced upon this subject be made a special
order for Monday next, and that it shall go over
until that time.
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I object to a
discussion of the question, and also to the intro-
duction of any resolution.
. The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of ordcy.
Mr. MILES. I am perfectly willing to accept
the resolution of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. McQUEEN. I stated a few moments since
that I desired to amend that resolution. My
amendmantisthis : that in the mean time the desks
now upon the floor be allowed to remain until a
decision is made upon the general question.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object to that amendment.
We shall never have this matter decided, or this
change made, until these desks are removed; and
I insist tliat that amendment shall not be added to
the resolution.
Mr. MILES. I insist thatl have tlife floor upon
a question of privilege, and shall retain it until
the question is decided.
Mr. McQUEEN. 1 had the floor by the cour-
tesy of the gentleman from Indiana, 1 thought.
Mr. MILES. The gentleman from Indiana had
the floor only by my consent. I desire to have
this matter settled by the House as they think
best; and as the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana is a fair and straightforward
one, to authorize a committee to inquire into the
e xpedi ency ofachangc, if he will accept my amend-
ment to the effect that in the mean time the order
of the House of last session in relation to desks
shall be enforced, I will accept it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I accepted the mod-
ification of the gentleman.
Mr. McQUEEN. I had the permission of the
gentleman from Indiana to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There seems to be
some misapprehension. I accepted the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Mills,] upon my right, and that would come m
conflict with the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina, upon my left, [Mr. McCIueeW]
The resolution, as modified, was read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of three
members be appointed by the Speaker to inquire into the
propriety ot' removing the benches or seats iiom this Hall
and replacing the chairs ami desKs, and also the length of
time and cost it will ie({uire to make such change; and that
such committee have leave to report at any time; and that,
ir the mean tune, the Uoorkoper be directed to enforce the
order of the Iloude, ot last Congress, in relation to the chairs
and desks.
Mr. MILES. I call for the previous question
upon the, adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman has not the floor to offer any res- I
olution whatever.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. [Cries
of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. MILES. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw that motion. We might as well decide this
question now as at any other time.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he proposes not to go into
the election of a Printer to-day ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has moved the previous question upon !
the resolution, and no debate is in order. <
Mr. McQUEEN. I have offered an amend- |
ment, and I did it before the previous question j
was called for upon the resolution. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that :
the gentleman held the floor by the courtesy of
his colleague. ~
Mr. McQUEEN. I did sahold the floor, and
offered my amendment before the gentleman called
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it could not be done without consent of the gen-
tleman's colleague.
Mr. McQUEEN. Then I call for a division
of the resolution. I can do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on a vote on my
moti«n. The previous question has not been
seconded;'and I insist on my motion. '
Mr. BURNETT. I have the floor, and I in-
sist on my question of order. *
- The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky rises to a question of order. He will please
state his question of order.
Mr. BURNETT. I will, sir. My question of
order is this: my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Miles] rises, as. he states, to a question of priv-
ilege. Tile Speaker decides that the question
which he submits is a question of privilege, and
the gentleman from South Carolina goes on and
states what his question is. It is that, under the
order of the last House of Representatives, the
desks are required to be removed from this floor,
and seats for members substituted. That is the
point he made; and that a violation of that order
had been committed, by bringing on the floor the
desks and chairs.
That was the only question which he could pre-
sent to the House under his question of privilege.
Then the next question to be decided was, whether
there had been any violation of the order of the
last House; and, if that was decided in the affirm-
ative, then the chairs and desks should be re-
moved. But it is not in order, under color of a
question of privilege, forthe gentleman from South
Carolina to offer a resolution, or for any member,
by his permission, to offer the resolution now
under consideration. That is the point of order
which I make; and the Speaker must agree with
me, if he will hear a suggestion for one moment.
Would it have been m order for the gentleman
from South Carolina to have risen and offered
that resolution ? Would it have been received,
except by unanimous consent? It could not. That
being the case, the gentleman cannot, under color
of a question of privilege, offer his resolution.
Mr. MILES. J await the decision of the Chair
on the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CONKLING.. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood the Chair to
decide yesterday that it was not m order 
Mr. MHLES. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. That it was not in order to
move to suspend the rules and go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union while
the election of Printer was pending as the special
order.
Mr. MILES. Am I entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from South Caiolina to have yielded
the floor.
Mr. MILES. If I am entitled to the floor, I
refusoto yield it to any gentleman. Idosowith
all respect; but it is perfectly obvious that, if 1
Continue yielding the floor m this way, we will
never come to any conclusion of the question.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to yield me the floor.
Mr. MILES. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Burnett] has raised a point of order, and
nothing else is in order except for the Chair to
decide that question. I refuse to yield the floor
to any member until the Chair shall have decided
the point of order. ,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from South
Carolina will permit me to explain. I was not
asking the gentleman to yield me the floor. The
member from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] had made a
motion which the Chair was entertaining; and j
I rose to make a question on that motion, sup- J
posing that the gentleman from South Carolina 1
was off the floor in some manner—I did not know j
how. '
I had no connection with the gentleman's [Mr.
Miles] question; but was rising to the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. MILES. I do not conceive that the gentle-
man from Ohio had a right to lata the floor from
me.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair was entertaining
the motion of the gentleman from Ohici; and that
was^the question 1 rose to.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I rise to a question oto'rfler.
Mr. MILES. The question of order raised by
the gentleman from Kentucky is still pending.
Mr. McKNIGHT. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] had called tire previous
question, and therefore he could not have retained
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Chair reebgnfeed
me ? I would like to know the condition of the
question. What is the question now before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. The question is on the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from South Car- ,
olina, [Mr. Miles,] on which the previous ques-
tion is demanded.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, as I understand thq
Chair, the motion that was submitted by the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not now entertained by the
Chair.
The "SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
motion is not in order, pending this question. The
question is on seconding the previous question.
While the House was dividing,
Mr. PETTIT. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. CONKLING.. On that I call forthe yeas
and nays.
Mr. RUFFIN. The motion cannot be made
while the House is dividing.
Mr. WINSLOW. The yeas and nays cannot
be taken on seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. A motion is made by the
gentleman from Indiana to lay the resolution on
the table, and the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelloga of
Illinois, and Winslow, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 89.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I desire toknow whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina is in
order tinder the demand for the previous question;
or whether tlie Chair rules that the demand for
the previous question cuts off the amendment?
Mr. KEITT. The previous question was de-
manded, and no amendment can be in order.
Mr. McQUEEN. I offered my amendment
before the previous question was demanded.
Mr. MILES. I would say to my colleague,
that he was not entitled to the floor to offer his
amendment.
Mr. McQUEEN. Well, I hope that, if my
amendment be not received, the demand for the
previous question will be voted down.
Mr. MILES. No amendment is in order.
Mr. McQUEEN. I callcd for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair received the call
for a division of the resolution.
Mr. McQUEEN. Yes; but I suggest most
respectfully, that I offered my amendment before
the previous question was demanded by my Sol-
league; and I hope that, if my amendment be not
recognized, the demand for the previous question
will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman's colleague [Mr. Miles] to have the
floor, and to refuse to yield for an amendment
[Cries of "Question!" "Question !"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
that a division of the question was called for. Can
we have a vote on the division?
Mr. MILES. No division of tho question is
possible.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read thereso-
lution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. MILES. I submit that the resolution can-
not be divided. It is not divisible; and the pre-
vious question has been demanded on it.
Mr. McQTTEEN The first part of it provides
