1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M9
the United States; but I have no right to disturb
the science of government because these evil exist.
Then, sir, those are the reasons why the Democ-
racy of the West occupy the position they do;
not that they are in favor of slavery, but that they
are in favor of this Government as it is. We
are for its Constitution and laws; and we in the
great West, with our teeming population and vast
wealth, will resist ever attempt at. their violation,
whether they come from the North or the South;
for the West is now, and ever will be, loyal. And
let me say here that great and terrible will that
day be that will witness the disruption of these
Slates.
Then, sir, in the language of the Democratic
platform, we have no right to interfere with this
vexed question in the States, and I am opposed to
intervention, upon the part of the Cotigressof the
United States, either to protect or prohibit or in
any way to interfere with the question of slavery
m the Territories; but I believe that it and every
other question belongs exclusively to the Legisla-
tures and people of the Territories. That is, I
cairythe political doctrine of popular sovereignty
to the utmost extent. I am in favor of popular
rights 111 the most enlarged sense, and restricting
congressional intervention to those limits that are
clearly defined by the Constitution, and to with-
hold from them all doubtful powers. The ques-
tion of the right of Congress to legislate for the
Territories has been one that has undergone the
most thorough investigation and discussion by
the most distinguished and experienced statesmen
that this or any other nation has ever produced, and
among whom there has been the greatestdi versity
of opinion. And a few weeks since, upon this door,
I listened to the masterly and eloquent arguments of
my distinguished colleague, [Mr. Corwin,] upon
all these topics, to see whether I could gather any
new light from his handsome style of statementor
his elegant manner of reasoning; fori was anxious,
if I were in error upon a question that has elicited
more of public attention than any other, to have
that mistake corrected. Bntwiih my high appre-
ciation of that gentleman's ability, and with all
his powers of conclusive reasoning, 1 was more
thoroughly convinced of the truth of my own posi-
tions when he was through lltan when he began;
for I did not believe that it ought to have taken
r srcntlcman four hours to convince the mmd
any Q 
of the verity of a question which ought to be, if
true, a plain provision of the Constitution. That
gentleman most ingeniously brought in the opin-
ions and conclusions of those men of the nation
that we have been always taught to revere as the
very highest authority, in tin: most forcible and
effectual manner. Yet, with all the lights of their
reasoning faculties, and v.'U h ail tlie vast collection
of digested and well-wrought material, lie seemed
the whole way t<f be traveling through a misty
matter, the vail of which he was unable to pene-
trate and raise.
Now, sir, with my humble capacity to examine,
pry into, and penetrate these leading and all-ab-
sorbing political themes, I yet have never been
able to see by what legal and constitutional au- jj spe>
thority the Congress of the United States takes :j Uui
upon herself the high responsibility of giving laws
to any community of men, whether m State or .
Territory, or why she is even contesting that au- I
thority. And, in support of this doctrine, that j
provision has been again and again quoted as con- j
elusive of the right, that "Congress shall have ;
power to dispose of and make all needful rules ana i
regulations respecting the territory or other prop- j
erty belonging to the United States;" but certainiy ;
this does not confer the full power and authority
to make al! laws necessary for the government of
that vast domain, and the people that shall settle
there, and what property they may have when
they go, or may desire to take with them, whether
it consists of slaves or anything else; and certainly
there is a distinction between the property of the
United States and the lives and property of indi-
vidual citizens. Now, can sliesay in the Territory
what shall or shall not be crime, and what shall
be the penalty thereto attached? and if she does
■ « the
bursts atherevery touch. And I undertake to say,
and the whole history of the case bears me out in
the truth of the assumption, that wherever she
has overstepped her duty, and taken upon herself
this assumed and arbitrary power, she felt herself
that she was an intruder upon forbidden grounds,
and that she was groping through impenetrable
darkness, from which, at some future time, she
must inevitably recoil; for as soon as the question
was fairly made, and her right controverted, she
very soon discovered she had been manufacturing
law without the authority of law.
t At the time the provision of the Constitution
which I have just quoted was inserted there, it
j could not have had reference to gi anting powers to
I legislate, for there was not a single square foot
! of territory within the then boundaries of the Uni-
! ted States but what was either within the limits
| of, or was claimed by, some one or the other of
i the States, except that which was known as the
| Northwest Territory, and which but four years
; before had been ceded to the United States by the
1 great State of Virginia; and the whole legislation
• and government of that vast dominion, and her
1 whole plans of legislation while in a territorial
| condition, had been provided for by th& ordinance
! of 1787. Henee,though the United States was the
  owner of the land, and received the proceeds of the
i sale of the same, yet she possessed 110 power to
| legislate for thatTerritory, and never even claimed
i the right. And Virginia, my native State, by that
| noble act, and by a single stroke of her pen, did
! more for the cause of humanity and freedom than
! has been or than will be done by hypocritical
i politiciansthrough theannalsof time. Then,could
the framers of the Constitution have had refer-
ence to Floridaand thatmagnificent territory lying
west of the Mississippi which was destined, in
the regular course of events, to fall within the
dominion of the United States? Most certainly
not; for they were then within the hands of na-
|j tions more potent than ourselves. And the most
ij vivid imagination had not at that day even con-
jj ceived the idea that, in the short space of sixty
]j years from the signatureand adoption of thatin-
I' strumcnt, the work of their own intellects, our
dominion would extend fiom the Atlantic to the
il Pacific &ea. Then, sir, the great minds who
^ conceivcd and brought forth the Constitution, at
'j that day could not have intended to grant powers
: to Congress to govrrn Territories that they did
I not then and never expected to own. I know
| there is a gre^t diversity of opinion, and a vast
' array of argument and authority have been pro-
! duccd, upon both sides of the question. The Su-
| premc Court of the United States have said, in
j the cases of Sere and Laraldo fs. Pctot and othei s,
' 6 C ranch, page 336; the American InsuranceCom-
! pany vs. Canter, 1 Peters, page 511; and the Uni-
■ u d StotevS vs. Gratiot, 14 Peters, page 526; Cross
; and others vs. Harrison, 16 Howard, page 194:
Thit thA power of governing and legislating ior n Trr-
! ritorv is the inevitable consequence of the right to acquire
I and hold it; and could tins position be controverted, the
] Constitution dccUuc- that Con?re^ shall have power to
! dif-poso of atni make al! need!ul rulc^ and regulations io-
ctinit the tcrritoiy and other piopeify belonging to tnc
.itedV'tatesv'
Now, I have given the principle upon which
this whole current of authoiities has been based,
and I ask every candid mind to read and examine
carefully all those cases, and see whether, in any
one of them, the question was at all argued, or
was even fairly before the court. And they all
proceed upon the hypothesis that if Congress docs
not possess the power, where does it exist'
Doubts and difficulties have arisen at every turn,
carrying conviction always to the mind of the in-
vestigator that uncertainty and indecision have
besefthe paths of the clearest intellects and the
! *incst%minds. Such men as Chief Justice Mar-
' shall ond others, of the supreme bench, are en-
titled to the highest credit and respect for their
legal learning and powers of thought, for their ca-
pacious intellects seemed to drink to the very bot-
tom the most abstruse questions of law and fact.
Yet, sir, they were liable to err; and they \^eie
• i .i * . i _. ...^ \ ivi vi >* f o
t evidently mistaken upon this important question
   ry ->  _ 1 -i ;f „i,„ n^^es the 'I of constitutional power. In the legislation first
possess the power to prohibit, she ~ « ^ ufter Louisiatm was ceeded to tne Union,
F0.'™' it is a con- ! l Congress in that undertook to prombit the impor
torins; and this power once conceded, it is a con- i| rt"0 tijat Territory, except in the
II Two years after Florida was erected^,,to a ter-
ritorial government, Congress passed an act,
amendatory of the original territorial act, in which
she conferred certain rights and fixed certain pro-
hibitions which seemed to have been neglected in.
the original act. In all eases heretofore, she has
retained to herself the right to examine th'elaws
passed by the Territorial Legislatures, and if un-
constitutional, or by her disapproved, they were
null and void; but did she ever claim the right
to pass others in their stead, that were constitu-
tional and sufficient? But that power was pro-
hibited in the Kansas and Nebraskaact, showing
conclusively that, as this question is more thoi-
oughly investigated and" better understood, the
legislative branch of the Government have been
exercising powers not guarantied to her, and that
the time has arrived to restrict her to her proper
limits.
The most direct legislation that has ever been
had by Congress in the Territories, was in the
case of what was known as the Missouri compro-
mise line, and where, by her action, she said that
" in all that territory coded by France to the Uni-
ted States, under the name of Louisiana, which
lies north of 3G° 30' north latitude, slavery and
involuntary servitude shall forever be prohibited,
except for crime." That law remained in full
force upon the statutes for about tliirty years, and
was then repealed, becauseit was unconstitutional,
and, in the language of the law, null and void ab
initio, because it was passed in violation of con-
stitutional authority; because the body thatpassed
it was totally devoid of all and any such power.
And what does this same Supreme Court say in
the celebrated Dred Scott case:
" The act of Congress, upon which the plaintiff relies,
declares that slavery and involuntary servitude, rifpt as
a punishment for crime, shall be foicver prohibted m ail
tnatpaitol the teuitory ceded by France, under the name
of Louisiana, which lies north of tluity six degrees thirty
minutes north latitude, and not included within the limits
of Missouii. And the difficulty which meets us at the
threshold of tills part of the inquiiy is, whether Congress
was authoiized to pass this law under any of the powers
granted to it by the Constitution; l&r if the authority i' not
Given by that instrument, it is the duty of this court lo
decl.u e it void and inopciauve, and incapaiilo of conferring
freedom upon any one who is held as a slave under the
laws of any one of the States.
'■ The counsel for the plaintiff has laid much stieps upon
that article in the Constitution which coolers on Congiess
the power to ' dispose ofand make all needful lules and reg-
ulations lespecting the territory or other piopeity belonging
to the United Statesbut, in the judgment of the court , that
provision has no beaiingon the piesent contioversy, and
the power there given, whatever it may he, is confined, and
was intended to he confined, to the teiritorv wlueli at that
time belonged to or was claimed by the United Pfitoi,
and was within their boundaries as settled by the lieaty
with Great fiutain, and can have no influence upon a ter-
litory afterwards aequned from a foreign Government. It
was a special provision for a known and particular terri-
tory, and to meet a present emergency, and nothing more."
So that, whatever may have been the decisions
heretofore, here it is clearly laid down by the Su-
preme Court in the Drcd Scott case. This is the
opinion of the Supreme Court at this day, that
Congress possesses no such right, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, to pass that act,
which said that slavery or involuntary servitude
should forever bo prohibited in the territory ac-
quired in 1803 by Mr. Jefferson, and added to the
United States at that time. Whatever may have
been the opinions of the Supreme Court which
have been relied upon heretofore, this is the opin-
ion which overrides all former opinions, and will
stand as the latest opinion of that court.
They, sir, have already said that the Missouri
eonmromiso was unconstitutional, because the
Congress of the United States had no authority to
pass°an act which said slavery should or should
not exist m any Territory of this Union. And in
the very inception of our Government any attempt
upon tile part of the national Legislature to in-
terfere in the then established Territories, or to
assume to herself doubtful powers, was viewed
with the utmost jealousy by the most efficient
statesmen of the times. The President of the
| United States, in his recent message, has taken
! the ground that the Supreme Court of the United
| States haie settled the question in the Dred Scott
| decision; thattlic Constitution carries and protects
I this institution in the Territories; but my humble
I judgment docs not coincide with that high au-
i thoiity, for, being firm in tho belief that that and
: no other court can settle any question as law, tra-
' less the case is actually before them, 6nd that
! question not being before the court in that case,
i it is yet an open one. But-, sir, m the language of
