I860.]
APPENDIX TO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess."
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Barret.
Ho. of Reps,
be was no citizen. This is all the testimony in re-
gard to that voter. I will state to the House that
Mr. Griffencamp has been a resident of our city
for many years, is a member of our city council,
and a gentleman of high standing.
At the risk of being tedious, I have gone into
these details, for the purpose of exposing this
outrageous report. There are 5 of the 21 rejected
in this ward upon the testimony of a census taker.
In the seventh ward there are 54 votes re-
jected. Thirty-one of that number are rejected
upon the testimony of John McGrath. And it is
but right that I should give las testimony at some
length. lie says he examined the poll-list of the
seventh ward, with a view to ascertain whether
any person had voted in that ward whose names
were on the census book as not being naturalized,
or could not be found on the census taken in (he
ward, and not returned in the census, and made
out a list of 76 names. (Pp. 769, 770.)
" Question. Did you have the poll-book when you exam-
ined the census? (p. 770.)
"Answer. No, sir.
. "Question. Ftorn what did, you take those names you
have given ?
" Answer. T first copied every name off the census in tlie
seventh ward, alphabetically. Mr. Blnir gave iup a list
purporting to be the names token trom the poll-list of the
seventh ward. 1 compared them, and found those names.
" Question. Whs the list Mr. Blair gave you a full list of
all the votes cast at Ihe August election ?
"■Answer. No, sir; I don't suppose it was."
Witness says he has not examined the poll-
books of the seventh ward, to see whether those
names are upon them. He said on page 769 that
he had examined the poll-lists of the seventh ward.
These seventy-six names, according to this wit-
ness, are returned as not naturalized, or not found
on census of seventh ward at all. According to
his testimony (p. 769) there are only two returned
as unnaturalized; the balance not found on cen-
sus at all. Among those reported by witness as
not on the census at all arc the following: V. Mc-
Kenna, James Barry, (see "Wheeler's testimony,
p. 677;) Larry Murphy, Pat. Gallagher, Frank
Hamilton, (sec Hartraan's testimony, pp. G38,
640;) James Barry, (see Martin Carey's testimo-
ny, p. 680.)
Hartman and Carey speak of these persons as
residents, -and they ought to have been on the
census.
There is a class of persons who labor on streets
and railroads, who move from ward to ward just
as their employment as laborers calls them. They
might be in seventh ward on day of election, and
in the first ward when census is taken, two months
afterwards.
McGrath did not look over the polNbooks, still
he was willing to say, in answer to an artful ques-
tion containing in it a suggestion of what he was
expected to prove, that he had examined the poll-
list.
A partial examination shows that out of the
whole list of seventy-six names in McGrath's
list, there are twenty-six not found in the poll-
books; that five voted for Breckinridge, and ten
of them voted for Blair; and there arc twenty-five
found on the St. Louis Directory as citizens of
the seventh ward. Surely those twenty-five found
on the St. Louis Directory—which was made
since the election—ought to have been on the cen-
sus in some shape.
Upon such testimony as this, 31 votes are
stricken from my poll in the seventh ward.
But, if you will look upon page 35 of the re-
port, you will find that the majority of the com-
mittee have not thought McGrath's testimony of
sufficient importance to strike the 10 who voted
for Blair from his poll.
In the ninth ward, 73of my votes were rejected
ns illegal. Forty-eight of those are rejected upon
the following testimony:
Brainerd JV1. Million, witness for Mr. Blair,
says he found certain names on poll-books re-
turned on census as unnaturalized. (P. 627.)
They number 94. He then gives their names.
It so happens that 30 of the 94 on Mr. Million's
list returned as unnaturalized, are returned on
census, according to his own statement, as doubt-
ful. How can this be explained, unless Mr. Mil-
lion was testifying at random, and trying to do
the bidding of the contestant, who had his pur-
pose in putting his leading questions? Witness
says he found all those (94") names on the poll-
books of theninthward. (P. 629.) Witness does
not know who made the list he read from. Wit-
ness found others (than those given) returned on
the census as unnaturalized. Found them on the
poll-books.
" Question. Why did you not give a list of them ? (P.
6300
" Answer. I have given part of them."
Witness says he made a full list himself, but
could not give all the names now. He made out
the original list in pencil; then copied it m ink,
and has the copy in ink. Witness says he could
furnish the original list, which contains all the
names returned (p. 631) on census as unnatural-
ized. Will not do it, becausc he did not come
here for that purpose. Witness says he came
here only to furnish the names he has given.
Witness says that Mr. Blair gave him the list
from which lie read the names above. He gave
it to him on Locust street to-day, between nine
and ten o'clock. But 30 of these 94 names were
returned on the census-book as doubtful, leaving
a list of 64 said by Million to be returned on the
census as unnaturalized.
This same young man had a similar list fur-
nished him by his employer, about which to tes-
tify in the tenth ward. I will give his testimony:
" Witness says he examined the census returns and poll-
books of the tenth ward, and found persons returned by
census as unnaturalized, and whose names appear on the
poil-books. (P. 672.)
'• Heads a list which contains fifteen names.
" Question. Is this the original list you made out from
the census returns and poll-books? (P. 673.)
"Answer. It is not. Witness does not know where the
oiigmal is; there were names on it novt in this. Witness
says this list was handed to him by a man, whose name lie
docs not know, between one and two o'clock to-day.
" Question. Was it since you eatne into this room ?
" Answer. It was not in this room.
"Question. Wheic was it?
<c Answer. It was m the court-house.
" See the pievancations of this witness, p. 673,674, 675.
(Mr. Barret asks that the committee read the testi-
mony throughout, but especial!) of tbe^ecensus takers,and
of those who testily in lejjard t."  ceneu-, &.e.)
" Question. Was not the list you read Irom sent you by
Mr. Blair? (P. 674.)
" Answer. No one told me that it \vf\'.
" Question. Was it not sent to >ou bv him ?
" Answer. I am not positive whether it was or not.
(P. 674.)
" Question. Do you not believe it was ? (P. 674.)
" Answer. Yes; I do.
" Question. Had you given him the original list you made
out ?
" Answer. I had.
" Question. Had you not given it to him for the purpose
of getting iiim to make out lor jou a list of names ibi you
to testify about ?
" Answer. I gave it to him: t told lum not to make out
a list.
" Question. Why did you tell bun not to make out a list ?
" Answer. Because I had lathei do it myself."
The making and furnishing of these lists clearly
show that the most of this testimony was manu-
factured, and in a bungling manner at that.
But, Mr, Speaker, my time has so nearly ex-
pired, I cannot pursue these details. From the
testimony referred to, in connection with the pre-
cincts just noticed, it will be seen that most of the
663 votes are thrown out as illegal upon testimony
peculiar to this case. Many are considered ille-
gal because a witness says that they are unknown
to himself and to others of his neighbors. The
man who knows one quarter of the people in his
own ward in as large a city as St. Louis has a
very extensive acquaintance. Many of the names
of rejected voters are not only not mentioned
in the testimony at all, but arc not to be found
on the poll-books. Many are rejected because
their names have not been found on the poll-
books before. In times of excitement hundreds
are induced to vote who ordinarily never leave
their workshops. No copy of the poll-books
of the previous elections is furnished; a parole
statement of their contents is not evidence. But
the largest number of the 663 votes are rejected
because the names of the voters are not found on
the census returns, or if found, they arc returned
as not naturalized. In the first place, we have no
evidence that any census has ever been taken; if
so, it was for the purpose of making an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants, and the returns are mat-
ter of record, and their contents cannot be proved
by oral testimony.
From the mere verbal statements of witnesses
we learn that, in August and September, 1858, ten
of Mr. Blair's partisans were appointed by the
Mayor to take a census. These men were given
private instructions by some one to inquire into
the nationality, residence, &c., of the inhabitants;
No evidence is furnished that these men'-were ever-
sworn. Wc have no evidence as to the returns-
made by these men except the oral statements of
four of the census takers themselves, and other
witnesses. And from these it would appear that
these pretended city officials did, under instruc-
tions from Mr. Blair, or some one else, inquire into
the nationality, citizenship, residence, and some-
times into the politics and the manner of voting1,
of the citizens of their wards. If any power had'
been conferred by the city charter to take a cen-
sus, it was merely for the purpose of making an
apportionment between the wards. For this pur-
pose the city has heretofore taken a census hi
February, every two years.
But suppose the census was authorized bylaw,
and had been fairly and honestly taken, and for
legitimate purposes; and suppose that we had in
this case certified copies of the returns, as evidence
it would be worthless: if my name cannot be
found upon it, does that prove that I was an ille-
gal voter, that I do not reside in St. Louis? If
the name of Pat Dolan be found upon it, and ac-
companied with remarks by census taker, of" not
naturalizedthis .surely would not prove that
Pat Dolan, who voted for me,' was an illegal
voter. There may be twenty Pat Dolans in St.
Louis. There is no evidence that the man-seen
by the census taker was named Pat Dolan. Some
man may have been hired to represent Pat Dolan,
and to say that he was not naturalized, for the
purpose of impeaching Pat's vote.
In this case, there are about 350 votes thrown
out as illegal, becausc not fo-und on census re-
turned as not naturalized, or not having had suf-
ficient residence. That this outrage npon every-
thing like law and justice may be fully under-
stood, I have only to refer to the testimony of
some of the census takers themselves.
Matthew Brady took census m the eighth ward.
He says he made a memorandum from the cen-
sus-book of those who were not in the State long-
enough to vote; gives a list of their names, and
says that the names given were put down by him-
self or partner as not entitled to vote by want of
residence or naturalization. Some of them said
they voted, but not for whom. He said he had
more names than this on the memorandum, but
did not know what had become of them:
" Witness says he did not visit every house; that he re-
ceived information fiom whomsoever he found in the house
able to give satistaetoiy answers; generally from the man
or woman, sometimes from the daughter.
" Question. What did you mean by saying that you had
more names than those on memorandum? (P. 608.)
"Answer. I mean that I found many more names on the
poll-books with coi responding names on census-book who
were not citizens on census-book.
" Question. Did you see John Smith?
"Answer. I don't know anybody personally on the list;
it may have been John Anybody."
Witness says he saio men who gave him those
names as their own, but not in all cases.
Such testimony is really unworthy of consid-
eration. But suppose it is admissible: did these
men mentioned by Brady vote ? Could not Mr.
Blair or some of his friends have stationed men
m Brady's ward, with instructions to personate
others? But suppose that the census taker ob-
tained from the wife, father, brother,sister,daugh-
ter, or from the man himself, his true name, and
the fact that he was no citizen: might there not'
have been m the city, even, in the ward, others of
the same name who did the voting, and who were
legal voters?
Witness himself says there wore others of the
same name in the ward; that he put down the
names as not being citizens because he sttpposes
he received that answer from some one m the
houlfc, or some one belonging to the family. P.
503.)
Witness says that whoever gave him the rest
of the answers told him that John Kelly had not
been in the State long enough. (P. 609.) Would
Kelly's daughterlikely know the time of residence
required?
Witness says there are several Michael Ho-
gans in the ward; there may be a dozen Michael
Keilys. (P. 611.)
Witness says he had several names on his
memorandum which he did not keep. (P. 613.)
