830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
for the appointment of a .committee, and the last
part of it declares that in the meantime the desks
shall'be removed. I ask for a division of these
two points of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not sus-
ceptible of division. " „
Mr. MILES. I ask a vote on seconding the
previous question.
Mr. Mc&TJEEN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. BURNETT. I repectfully ask the Speaker
whether he has decided the point of order which
I submitted ? .
Mr. FLORENCE. I plead the statute of lim-
itations against that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overruled the
point of order.
Mr. McdTJEEN. I have appealed from the
decision of the Chair, deciding that the resolution
was not susceptible of division. I respectfully
submit to the Uhair that that part of the resolution
requiring that the desks now in the Hall shall be
removed, can be divided from the first part of the
resolution.
The question was then taken on the appeal; and
the decision of the Chair was sustained as the
judgment of the House.
The question being upon seconding the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. McQXFEEN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-one, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. MILES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen as the committee authorized by the reso-
lution: Messrs. Miles, Washburne of Illinois,
and Davis of Indiana.
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the indulgence of the House
for a moment, while I report a joint resolution
from the joint committee of the House and Senate
appointed yesterday.
No objection being made, Mr. Keitt reported
a joint resolution making an appropriation for in-
augurating the equestrian statue of Washington;
which was read a first and second tinie.
The joint resolution appropriates the sum of
$10,000, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended by the
Secretary of the Interior in transporting and plac-
ing Mills's statue of Washington on the pedestal
designated by the proper authorities, and in the
corcmonies appropriate to the occasion.
* The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KEITT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I now move that
j USG P1 °9ce£^ 1execution of the special
order, the election of a Printer; and on that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
that is the regular business in order. The tollers
will resume their places.
Mr. SHERMAN. I intend to submit a motion
to postpone the special order until Monday next.
t ^"ere are two gentlemen absent
who will be here to-morrow; at least, that is mv
information. . 1
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
will remember that on the day before yesterday
we told gentlemen on the other side that we had
some members absent and unpaired, and he then
said that the election of a Printer was not worth
postponing on account of absentees.
Mr..SHERMAN. Certainly; I concede that;
and I only ask the postponement at the request
of the friends of two gentlemen who are absent.
I move to postpone the election of a Printer until
Monday next.
Mr. SMITH, otWirginia. I call for the exe-
cution of the special order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us have one or two
votes, and then, if there is no election, we can
postpone the matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That is equivalent to a dis-
agreement to the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Very well; I^will
not press iny motion. *
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an appeal
to the gentleirym from Ohio. I think, if he will
remember the agreement that was made yesterday,
he will not press his motion to postpone. On the
day before yesterday, we were told that we had
violated the agreements by merely moving a call
of the House before a vote for Printer was taken.
Now, it was agreed and understood yesterday that
to-day, at one o 'clock,we would proceed to the elec-
tion of a Printer; and I appeal to the gentleman
from. Ohio whether it is fair, in that state of the
case, to make a motion to postpone till Monday?
Mr. SHERMAN. If I supposed, or if we upon
this side .of the House believed, that there was
any such agreement, I would not press my mo-
tion. But I do not so understand it. I ask the
gentleman from Kentucky if there was anything
more done yesterday than the adoption of a sim-
ple motion to postpone? I believe I made the
motion myself.
Mr. BURNETT. I understood that we were
to take a vote at one o 'clock to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Ruffin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
ninety-two in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and-nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EARKSDALE. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Davis, has paired with the gen-
tleman from Iowa, Mr. Curtis, on this vote.
Mr. WINSLOW. I will state that Mr. Lar-
rabee desired me to say that, at the special re-
quest of the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr.
Train, he had paired with him until two weeks
from yesterday.
Mr. STANTON. I have agreed to pair with
Mr. Scott, of California, on this vote, if he is not
present.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that Mr. Scott is sick, and at his room.
Mr. McQ.UEEN. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Boniiam, has paired with the gentle-
man from Iowa, Mr. Vandever, on this question.
Mr. NIXON. I will announce that I have
paired with the gentleman from Virginia, Mr.
Clemens, for to-day.
Mr. COOPER. I have paired, on this vote,
with my colleague from Michigan, Mr. Leach.
Mr. FOUKE. I have paired with Mr. Delano
upon this question, and shall therefore not vote.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I have paired with
Mr. Longnecker.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have paired with Mr.
Somes.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have been requested to
state that Mr. Whiteley has paired with my
colleague, Mr. Hickman.
Mr. STRATTON. I have paired with Mr.
Simms.
Mr. VANCE. I desire to state that on the last
vote for Printer I announced to the House that I
had been authorized by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Buffln-ton] to transfer the pair
of Mr. Ashley with my colleague, Mr. Leach,
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Wright,]
both of these gentlemen being absent. I have
since been informed by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts that I made tlic statement under a mis~
apprehension; that he did no t authorize the transfer
of tile pair; and I make this statement in justice
to him. I do not now remember who it was that
informed me of the arrangement.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sher-
man's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-1
t've—yeas 90, nays 82, as follows;
• H??,?!*- C^lcs F' Adam*, Green Adams, Ald-
SS?' A ey, William c- Anderson, Babbitt, Ikale, Bingham,
Blair, Blake, Brayton, BuSiriton, Burlmgame, Burnbara,
Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell,'Carey, Carter, Case,
Colfax, Conkling, II. Winter Davis, Dawes, DucSI, Dunn,
Edgerton, Edwards, EUot, Ely, Etheridge, Farn^worth,
Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Gooeh, Grow, Gurley, Hale,
Haskin, Helmiek, Hoard, Humphrey, Ilutehins, Irvine,
Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kilgore,
Killinger, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, MeKean, Mc-
Knight, Mcl'heison, Mill ward, Moorliead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Morse, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Christo-
pher Robmson, Royee, Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman,
Spaulding, Spinner, Steven", Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,
Trimble,Van Wyek, Wade, Walton, CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wil-
son, Windom, Wood, and Woodruff—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson, Ashmore,
Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Barrett, Boeock, Boteler, Bouligny,
Boyee, Briggs, Bristow, Bureli, Burnett, John B. Clark,
Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, James Craig, Curry,
Davidson, De Jarnette, Edmundson, Florence, Garnett,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Hamilton, Hardeman, Hatton, Hill, Ilind-
man, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jones, Keitt, Kunkel,
Lamar, Landrum, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclay, Charles
D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McClemand, Mc-
Queen, MeRae, Miles, Million, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Quarles, Reagan, Riggs, James C. Robinson,
KutBn, Rust, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, William
N. H. Smith, Stallworth, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas,
Vallandighain, Vance, Webster, Winslow, and Woodson
—8-2.
So the election of Printer was postponed until
Monday next.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr MAYNARD moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
- Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ap-
propriating $10,000 for the inauguration of the
Washington statue.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman cannot make
that motioi^ I made it myself, and it was laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
cannot bo repeated.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several commu-
nications and bills from the Senate on the Speak-
er's table. I move that they be taken up and
referred.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
, The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting a list of the clerks employed in that De-
partment during the year 1859; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting a statement showing the expenditure
of the contingent fund of that Department for the
year ending June 30,1S59; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER II. J. HARTSTENE.
Joint resolution (S. No. 11) for the relief of
Commander H.J. Hartstene, was taken from tho
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the indulgence of the
House to put that joint resolution on its passage
at this time. I will make a single statement in ref-
erence to it. At the close of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, a joint resolution was passed by the
Senate, and sent to this House, by which a sum
of money was appropriated to purchase the brig
"Resolute," taken in the Arctic seas, and pre-
sent her to the British Government. The joint
resolution passed this House, and Commander
Hartstene was, m compliment to his service on
the expedition to the Arctic seas, in search of Dr.
Kane, placed in command of that brig.
When he arrived in England, the Queen ac-
cepted the brig, on deck; entailing upon Com-
mander Hartstene ccrtain expenses incident to the
entertainment of the Q.ueen, the Lords of Ai'-—i-
ralty and others of the nobility, who had enter-
tained him. During the Thirty-Fifth Congress,
a bill refunding those expenses passed the Senate,
and carne to this House. It was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and reported by
them unanimously back to the House: but owinn-
to the great press of business at the close of the
session, the bill was not reached, and was conse-
quently lost.
Now, Mr. Speak'-i, I would suggest that it
would be a graceful art to pass u'ih h this bill
which has come to us ironi the Senate for his re-
lief, at once, without reference. The bill under-
