1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1853
that the Democracy there had become a mere handful! in
point of number. The disunionIsts especially indulge m
this *ort of language. To show how utterly baseless it is,
tvg t?ivo a tabic showing the strength ol" the parties at the
last elections in 1859:
Am. 4"
mi*.
14,355
24,813
39,178
Democrat. Repub,
Maine  44,373 56,361
New Hampshire .... 3-2,825 36,368
Massachusetts  35,364 58,780
Vermont  14,499 31,357
Rhode Island  3.546 8,938
Connecticut  38,389 40,239
New Yoik  227,304 851,189
Pennsylvania  164,145 181,835
N. Jcrscv (Gov. 1853) 51,714 53,315
Ohio  171,266 184,502
California  63,255* 10.110
Wisconsin  59,516 63,465
Indiana (1854)  107,409 104,828
Illinois (1«34) [ 1Si|on SSm." | 125>430
Iowa (1854)  53,685 66,0-19
Michigan (1854)  53,681 65,916
1,247,001 1.328.642
1,947,001
Republican plurality ill 1S59  81,641
The Republican majority is but eighty-one thousand on
a total vote of two million live hundred thousand. In New
IlanipsUiie, Connecticut, New Jersey, Wisconsin, and
Iowa,tlie Republican majority is but a trifle in each State.
It is relatively small in Ohio, anrt it does not give any signs
of permanency. The Republicans bad not a t>ingle vote m
the fifteen slave States, casting a million and a quarter of
votes, and have only half of those polled in the free States.
If they should ever obtain power in the nation, it weuld be
the rule of a very email number ot the people.
Then, sir, there are one million two hundred and
fifty thou sand Democratic voters in the free'States,
and about the same number in the slave, which
furnish a force in all the States of two and oAc half
millions of men who are, or at least ought to be, if
truly Democratic, loyal to the Constitution, and
faithful totheUnion. Then, sir, the whole Repub-
lican force that can be brought against this solid
column is thirteen hundred and thirty-three thou-
sand. The period has arrived when that region
known by the name of the Great "West will assert
and maintain her propcrstand as one of the grand
divisions of the nation. We have been in existence
under the Federal Constitution seventy-two years,
and during that time the South hare had the Presi-
dents forty-nine years, the North twenty-three,
and the great West just thirty days. The Nerth
and South have had a large majority of the heads of
Departments, and the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and almost all the patronage flowing
therefrom; and yet this Great West is always
faithful to her integrity, while either the North
or South are incessantly crying disunion, because
they are a persecuted people. The North, with
her profitable and well-organized manufacturing
establishments and busy workshops; with her
growing States and her industrious population;
with her inexhaustible internal resources, and
her heavy foreign trade—yet she occasionally be-
comes restless and rabid, and even threatens dis-
union, because duties are too low upon coal, iron,
calico, and cotton goods. And again, the South,
with a territory of nine hundred thousand square
miles—twice as large as the great empires of Aus-
tria and Prance together—in the most condensed
form, and under the most complete combination
and union, sufficiently commodious to support a
population of one hundred and fifty million, and
upon which there is only twelve; with a soil the
most fertile, and a climate the most delightful;
divided into fifteen States, each of which is an
empire within itself, and every one of which
either borders upon the Atlantic ocean, the Gulf
of Mexico, or the Mississippi river; and still they
are threatening disunion, because they are a
crowded people, and demand expansion. Sir, I
say; that that old and time-honored part of our
Union should be the salt and savor of the whole,
because recent events have shown her to be the
most united. The Abolition party has been in
existence for twenty-five years; it has carried a
perpetual and unerring wai fare against this region
and its peculiar institution; it has had its spies,
emissaries,and pamphleteers perpetually at work;
it has been able, by secret conclaves and an organ-
ized combination, to c@llect fifteen hundred pikes
and half as many Sharped rifies at a single point,
and the most convenient for attack; yet, after the
* Also for Curry, Anti-Republican Democrat, thirty-one
thousand two liundicd and ninety-eight votes were polleif,
which we throw out of the account, though the majority
of them wvie doubtless given by Demo ^ats.
labor of one quarter of a century, and the fullest
maturing of plans, they were not able to place a
single pike in the hands of the humblest or the
most vicious slave, to strike forfreedom or turn
the point against his master. Then, sir, viewing
all the circumstances together, instead of this
same South being disloyal, she occupies a prouder
position before the country and the werld than
she has even done at any previous period.
That vast region of country, composing six
hundred thousand square miles of territory, and
known by the name of the Great West, seventy
years ago was a wilderness and a solitary place,
and had a population of but fifteen hundred white
men; but now how changed ! That same region
now has upon it twelve million people, and the
finest towns, cities, and villages are spread over
its whole extent; there is an accumulation of
wealth of seven thousand million; and in case of
invasion she is able to bring into the field one
million fighting men. And'I say hero to-day
that that people knows no South, no North, and
no West,- but only knows the Constitution and
Union, and will stand by the one and defend the
other. And I say again, that every dollar of that
vast wealth and every man of that busy people
are pledged to the Constitution and the Union,
but not one dollar or one man for disruption. I
am proud, sir, of the name of an American citizen,
but I am still prouder that I am an humble Repre-
sentative of that great and loyal people.
And allow me to say further, that such is the
reverence of that loyal people fortius Union, that
no vandal hand can ever disturb it. Whenever
the North Bhall attempt secession and separation,
she shall be reduced to submission, for we have a
common interest in the sea-coast, with its trade,
that we will never consent to yield without the
utmoststrife. Whenever the South shall even at-
tempt to carry the oft-repeated threats of some of
her citizens into execution, we will say to them,
thus far shaltthou come and no further; for disso-
lution must be ruinous in its results to us. Cut off
from us the mouth oftlio Mississippi, and our trade
must languish, our products must rot upon our
hands, and our whole commercial and agricultural
interests must inevitably be ruined. We have a
common interest in that majestic river, with its
tributaries, which we will not part with for light
and trifling causes. And we will never consent
to enter into treaty stipulations concerning that
which of right belongs to us; but we will defend
to the utmost of our ability the whole fabric, and
every part and parcel of thesame. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I have not the slightest apprehension of dis-
ruption, for when that day does arrive, you will
see men coming from the mountains of the North
and the plains and valleys of the South;men bear-
ing upon their garments the dust of the western
prairies and the spray drops of the eastern and
western oceans; led on by no spirit of revenge, no
love of strife, but from principle, pure and unadul-
terated, they will support the Constitution and its
compromises, and will defend and perpetuate the
union ®f these States.
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor.
Mr. KUNIvEL. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will yield, I will move that the com-
mittee du now rise.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will yield tortile gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McKnight,]
who desires to submit his remarks this evening.
Mr.'FLORENCE. We have been here long
enough. I hope this week we will each day ad-
journ at four o'clock, p. m. It is that hour now.
Mr. KUNKEL. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. THOMAS. I call for a division on the
motion to rise.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
favor will be extended to my colleague to pro-
ceed this evening.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection; but,
as it is late, 1 would appeal to gentlemen whether
it is fair to keep us here longer—that is, those of
us who may undergo rriticism, and who wish, if
necessary, to make reply ?
Mr. KUNKEL. I understood that objection
was made to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] yielding to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. McKnight.]
Mr. THOMAS. I called for a division on the |
motion to rise. I am informed that the gentle- |
man from Pennsylvania desires to proceed this i
evening with his speech, for the reason that he
wishes to leave the city. That being the case,
so far as I am concerned I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. McKNIGHT. I would like to make my
remarks to-night,
Mr. FLORENCE. Why does not the gentle-
man from Massachusetts go on with his speech
this evening?
Mr. CHAIRMAN. He prefers to go on in
the morning.
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to state it.
I understand that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania desires to leave town—that he is under the
necessity of doing so, and wishes to speak before
ho goes.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a very generous,
and probably proper reason. I do not object.
Mr. KUNKEL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. McKNIGHT. It will hardly be denied,
by an unprejudiced mind, that that country is
most independent, and consequently most pros-
perous, which produces within her own borders
all articles needful for the use of her citizens.
Such, it has long been contended, should be the
policy of this Government; that, by a wholesome
and beneficent system of revenue laws, she should
discriminate in favor of our own labor and skill
over that of foreign lands, and kindly foster our
nascent industry until it has grown with the
growth of the country to the full stature of man-
hood, when it may defiantly throw down the
gauntlet and challenge all competitors.
This doctrine seems early'to h-ave impressed
our statesmen, and we find it pressed upon the
consideration of Congress from the formation of
the Government. First, by Washington, who
says:
Congress have repeatedly, and not without success, di-
rected tiieir attention to the encouragement of manufac-
tuu-s. The object b of too much consequence not to insure
a continuance of tiieir efforts in every way which shall ap-
pear eligible."
By Monroe, of Virginia, who says:
" Our manufactures will likewise require the systematic
and fostering care of the Government. Possessing, a's wo
do, all the raw material?, the fruit of our own soil and in-
dustry, we ought not to depend in the degree wchavedone
on supplied from other countries. While we arc thus de-
pendent, the sudden event of war, unsought and unexpected,
cannot fail to plunge u<* into the most serious difficulties.
Equally important is it to provide a home market lor our
raw materials. The prcseivationofourmanufactuics, then,
1 which depends on due cncomagemcnt. is connected with
the high interests of the nation. Satisfied I am, whatever
may be the abstiact doctnnc m favor of umestrieted com-
merce, (provided all nations would concur m it, and it was
not liable to be inteirupted by war, which has never oc-
cuired and cannot bo expected.) that there arc other stiong
reasons applicable to our situation and relations with other
countries which impose on us the obligations to chcrishand
but-tam our manulactures."
By Jackson, a southern man, who says:
11 While the chief object of duties should be revenue, they
may be bo adjusted as to encourage manufacture. Of thcee
objects ot protection the productionsor' our soil, our mines,
and our workshops, essential to national defense, occupy
the fira-t lank,"
These beingth^ tenets ofthe Democratic fathers,
why has modern Democracy proved faithless to
such teachings, and attempted to destroy the an-
cient landmarks in this, as in other doctrincs,
once dear to their saints? Is it becausc the prin-
ciple of protection, when carried out, increases
the price ofthe articles so protected to the con-
sumer, and thus imposes a burden griavous to be
borne ?
Such has recently been the cry of southern Dem-
ocrats on this floor. But though at first blush
specious and plausible, this objection is not tena-
ble; and its fallacy has been often proved here and
elsewhere, showing that this theory will not stand
thi* test of truth and experience. On the contrary,
it has been fully; demonstrated that the inevitable
result of protective duties on all articles which can
be manufactured at home is to start new estab-
lishments for their production, greatly increasing
the home competition and necessarily diminishing
the price. If a duty be laid, deemed by the cap-
italist adequate to justify him in investing: his
capital, the investment is at once made; provided,
confidence is felt m the permanency of the duty,
which, after all, is more important to him than a
very high duty.
And thus where ten establishments have been
dragging out a sickly existence, one hundred start
into life'and vigor; while the old ones, with new-
vitality , increase the number of their hands,w ork~
