I860.]
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
c%f a
36th Cong-... 1st Sess.
The Tariff— Mr. Blair.
Ho. os* Rep.%.
bill, would have been levied on 1,974,315 tons of
total imports more than would be imposed by a
duty of thirty per cent., or about twelve cents per
ton on the three classes of iron.
But if the custom-house returns presented the
true foreign market value of the iron imported, it
would be found that the duties of this bill, instead
of being a fraction—a very inconsiderable frac-
tion—over the favorite revenue standard of thirty
per cent, on rails and pig, would be very much
under it. It is well known that a great portion of
the iron imports—and this remark applies as well
to many other articles—is invoiced on account of
the foreign manufacturer, to the agent in this coun-
try, at the net cost of production, and not at the
price which it would cost a purchaser in the mar-
ket from which it is exported. Our consul at
Glasgow, Mr. Vail, in his report of September
30, 3858, says:
u Pig iron is a very prominent article of export, and Is
now almost entirely shipped on manufacturers}' account;
and, in the absence of any demand in the United State-?, i?
so shipped, apparently, in order to reduce the stock on hand
here, thereby to keep up the price at home."
I am therefore free to aver that these duties, so
far from being exorbitant concessions to the man-
ufacturer, are absolutely less than those of the
act of 1846. The bill has nothing to commend it
to our favor over that act, but the conversion of
its advalorem into specific duties. This is the chief
protective feature m it; and that being equally
favorable to the revenue, upon what possible
grounds can its enemies maintain their opposition ?
The evils arising from ad valorem duties are so
universally felt and understood, that the wonder
is that a single advocate can be found for them. I
believe that amongst all the nations of Christen-
dom, except our own, specific duties are imposed
whenever, from the circumstanccs of the case,
they are at all possible or convenient. In the late
commercial treaty between France and England,
of which I shall have mgre to say hereafter, the
policy of imposing specific, in preference to ad
valorem duties, is recognized in that clause which
provides for the conversion of the latter into spe-
cifics, by another convention, on the 1st of Octo-
ber next, to be estimated on the average prices of
the articles for the five months preceding the date
of the treaty. One of the inconveniences of our
system arises from the great fluctuation of prices,
rendering it extremely difficult to determine
whether the invoice is fraudulent. Under it, the
frauds upon the revenue are innumerable. It is
said by the merchants, and by our consuls abroad,
that in many parts of the continent it is the uni-
form custom of manufacturers to make out two
invoices—one for the custom-house, exhibiting
the prices at a low figure, generally from twenty
to forty per cent, below the value of the article,
in order to secure a low duty, and the other for
the consignee, showing the true value. A gen-
tleman here this winter told me, that whilst in
Paris last fall, after he had purchased a bill of
§700 worth of fine goods, he was asked if he
would have a custom-house invoice, at thirty-
three per cent, below the actual cost, and was
told, that while it was possible for him to pass
them at the custom-housc at an appraisement of
forty per cent, less than the cost, it would be more
judicious to take it at the usual rate of thirty-'
three, and avoid all risk of detection
Take the article of bar-iron, for example, which
fluctuates in price from five shillngs to perhaps
twenty-five shillings per hundred weight—an ar-
ticle that will be quoted at different prices every
week—and how easily may the most competent
and honest appraiser be misled from one to three
shillings by a fraudulent invoice, whereby the
revenue will be defrauded of two or three dollars
per ton. But, sir, however injuriously the reve-
nue may be affected by the ad valorem system, the
manufacturers, and especially the iron manufac-
turers, arc the victims of its most mischievous
conscquences. When the specifics of 1842 were
replaced by the ad valorems of 1846, the duty on
bars, at the then existing priccs, was, as I have
shown, $15 per ton; and they through whose vio-
lated faith and broken pledges that fatal measure
was carried, sought to reconcile the manufacturers
by the protection which that duty would afford
them. In vain, however, did they plead that when,
in the fluctuation of prices abroad, iron would be,
as then, at a high price, they would hot need pro-
tection, and when low it would be taken froiiii
them. And what was the result? In a very short
time the English price fell from §50 to $24 per
ton, and the duty, consequently,from $15 to $7 20.
The English, strong in cheap capital and cheap
wages, flooded our ports with low-priced iron to
such an extent that many of our furnaces were
blown out, and those thai continued struggled on,
though seriously crippled in the unequal contest.
Again: on the sudden appearance of the railroad
mania in England, prices rose to the highest spec-
ulative points; ana when the bubble burst, the
immense surplus stocks on hand were exported
to this country, again to glut our market; and
thus it is that, by constantly recurring causes,
over which we have no control, the American
manufacturer, contesting at such great odds with
the foreigner, is eventually driven out. Itis pro-
tection against these extreme fluctuations, pro-
duced by the operation of financial causes abroad,
and often, by deliberate design, to break down
ouf weak establishments,and give the field to the
foreigner, which we seek through the instrumen-
tality of specific duties.
But, sir, whilst specific duties are acccpfcable to
us because they are protective, they are opposed
by the enemies of the bill, for the same reason.
We suppose that, in the exercise of the power
given us by the Constitution to impose duties and
to regulate commerce, we should so impose them
and so frame our regulations as to protect and
foster our native labor in the development of our.
almost limitless resources against the shocks to
which it is exposed from the fluctuations of for-
eign commerce. The public welfare demands it,
and to effect it is within the legitimate range of
legislative duty; but the theory of government
entertained on the other side of the House is, that
in the imposition of duties we have no other func-
tions to perform but to provide the means to pay
for armies and navies,and the civil and diplomatic
service. When the soldiers and sailors and office-
holders arc paid their salaries, the great purpose
of civil government, in their estimation, has been
performed, its mission ended, its powers ex-
hausted. We are told that we must let trade
alone; it will take care ofitself; it will be regulated
by the mutual interest of producer and consumer;
and protection is but a restriction on individual
freedom, and a derangement of the natural order
of things.
I think, Mr. Chairman, that there is a seeming
inconsistency of conduct in those who advocate
such opinions, for they find no difficulty in ad-
vocating the interference of Government in a thou-
sand ways, differing only in form, but identical
in principle and purpose. On what principle are
those regulations to be justified which, in every
conceivable shape, are to be found in legislation
restrictive in their character? Why suffer the
State to invade the freedom of the domestic rela-
tions? The advocates of the let-alone policy
should object to the restrictive laws which regu-
late the relation of parent and child, husband and
wife, because the mutual sentiments of affection,
duty, and interest, all combined, will be sufficient
of themselves to produce harmony and order; but
if they are wanting, then why should Government
step in to enforce an unwilling union and subjec-
tion ? Sir, the advocates of free trade and free
love need not stand far apart, when demanding
the adoption of the il let-alone*5 theory. On your
statute-books you have your quarantine laws,
your prohibitions against the import of adulter-
ated drugs, for the protection of health, by pro-
hibiting that which tends to injure. If that is a
legitimate function of Government, may it not be
exercised to protect labor, by prohibiting, or at
least partially restraining, the operation of agen-
cies that will injure and destroy it ? There is a bill
now on the Calendar regulating the number of
passengers to be allowed on steam-going vessels.
Why not apply the principle to that measure, and
trust to the interests of owners and passengers,
and the natural order of things, to regulate the
evil intended to bo cured? If protection is to be
excepted from the operations of Government,
there can be no other forth-p*tting of its powers,
and society is resolved into anarchy. The whole
frame-work and life of society is itself butthe out-
growth of artificial legal restrictions, adapting
themselves to the changing' conditions, interests,
and Wants of mankind. Without them, labftr,
capital, and exchange of products cah have ho
existence. An unrestricted, unregulated, Somes-
tic, or intcrnatidrial commerce isirtcomprehertsible,
as the world, now stands. ' Perhaps, when the
millennial era. of which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mf. Morrill] spoke, shall appear, the
"let-alone" philosophers, now so farm advaride
of a world which doth not comprehend their light,
will see their theory in the full tide of successful
operation
Mr. Chairman, human wisdom cannot
a tariff at all approximating the wahts oif thk
Treasury that will not be protective, to some ex-
tent, of some interests. If you should provide a
horizontal tariff of twenty or thirty per cent., or
of any given rate, on all imports, it would in
some instances be protective, and in others pro-
hibitive; or if there be different rates of duty,and
they be fixed by lot on the different imports, even
then, sir, there would result protection to some
interests, in various degrees. Then, if there be
some branches of industry which will undoubt-
edly be benefited to some extent, even though
left to the blind arbitrament of chance, is it not
better, after a careful and comprehensive inquiry
into the condition of all the industrial pursuits of
the country, to impose them for their encourage-
ment and protection, so as to produce the greatest
good to the'greatest number? Our'warrant irithe
Constitution for'the regulation of commerce, and
the imposition of duties on foreign imports, is in
general terms, leaving the mariner in whicl} it
shall be exercised clearly within the discretion of
Congress; and, to say nothing of the long line
of authorities, in the declared opinions fkvorable
to protection, of nearly all our public characters,
who have enjoyed the confidence and honors of
the Republic, we may point with satisfaction to
the purpose, end, ani aim, cf the first tariff law
on the statute-book, cnacted by the men who
assisted in the great work of framing the Consti-
tution, and whose acts consequently have a pecu-
liar importance, as they are the best commentaries
on the Constitution itself. The law of 178§ was
enacted for two direct, distinct, and independent
purposes, one of which was the payment of the
debts of the United States, and the othei* was—
not of secondary importance, or incidental to it,
but distinctly—for the protection of such infant
manufactures as the necessities of the Revolution
had called into life. The men of that day, sir,
were earnest, truthful men, who spoke what they
thought. They did not leave the principle of pro*
tection to rest on inference, or doubtful construc-
tion, of their acts, but they wrote it down in the
preamble of the law, as follows:
" Whereas it is accessary for the support of the Govern-
ment, for the discharge of ihc debts of the United States,
and the encouragement and protection of manufactures, that
duties should be levied on goods, wares, and merchandise
imported : Be it enacted," &c.
Thus, sir, did they leave on record an example
worthy of imitation on all proper occasions by
those who should follow them m the noble work
of legislating for the welfare of this great people.
Such an occasion now presents itself. The pres-
ent condition of the country invites us to review
our existing policy, that we may correct the er-
rors into which we have fallen. No man, of the
least observation, can fail to be impressed with
the fact that, by the operation of some cause,
our apparent prosperity has been checked, and
our progress in the aevelopement of American civ-
ilization seriously hindered. The laborer seeks
employment often in vain, and when employed,
it is at such prices as barely enable him to live.
When the employer is able at all to survive the
depression to which he has been subjected, his
chief care has been to discharge from his employ-
ment his surplus hands; and, in thousands of in-
stances, the laborers, who have toiled at the mines,
the furnaces, and mills, for the support of large
and entirely dependent families, find themselves
unexpectedly deprived of their only source of
support. The great capital of the country is its
labor, and, unemployed, it seeks investment in
vain. I will venture the statement, that for more
than two years past there has not been a furnace
built; and those that remain in blast, unless en-
joying some special advantages, have reduced
