am
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
ment for examination first. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will not go
into this question. "We have had long debates
upon it already; we have had two yeas and nays
on this very question. I do think it is discourt-
eous to the Senate, after two deliberate votes upon
the yeas and nays, to be raising the question
again.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, I ask for the yeas and
ttays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, putthe question,
and declared that there were not a sufficient num-
ber of Senators rising to order the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PUGH. I think the question was not un-
derstood. I did not rise myself, because I was
engaged in conversation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question again, if it was not understood.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PUGH. J am sorry that I cannot have a
vole of the Senate on this proposition. I consider
it a most vicious insertion in the bill, that ought
to be rebuked by the Senate—this attempt to cre-
ate a new office and a new bureau without any
sufficient examination, increasing the-expenses of
the Government, increasing the number of offi-
cers; and that at a time when the Government
has barely means to carry on its ordinary ex-
penses, and done professedly for the purpose of
rewarding one gentleman for an invention. Pay
him for his invention; pay what it is worth; but
in God's name, do not increase the patronage
and power of this Government by adding useless
and unnecessary officers. My amendment now
is that the President shall assemble the chiefs of
the differentdepartments of the staff of the Army,
and inquire whether this addition be necessary;
and if it be necessary, to give us an intelligible
plan on which to organize it. Now I am anxious
that this bill shall be passed; but I cannot avoid
making one more effort to rescue the legislation
of Congress from an abuse like that. I have en-
deavored to get a recorded vote of the Senate upon
the distinct proposition whether this permanent
addition to the expenses of the Army, an un-
necessary addition, shall or shall not be made.
I am sorry that Senators will not give me the yeas
and nays on it, but I have sufficiently expressed
the reason for my proposition.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 21.
Tile amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless objec-
tion be made, that bill will be considered as before
the Senate. ["No objection!"]
DEATH Or HON. SILAS M. BURROUGHS.
A message was received from the House of
Repiesentatives, by Mr. Haves, Chief Clerk;
Mr. President: I am directed to communicate
to the Senate the proceedings of the House of
Representatives in relation to the death of Hon.
Silas M. Burroughs, late a member of that
House ftom the State of New York.
Theresolutionsof the House of Representatives
were read.
Mr. KING. I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives With sincere regret
the announcement of the death ol Hon. Silas M. F>ur-
rocchs, late a member ot' the House of Repiesentatives
from tile Skate of New York, and tenders to tile rcianves
of the deceased the assurance of their sympathy with them
under the bereavement they have heen eaiied to sustain.
Resolved, That the ^eeietatv of the Senate be duectcd
to transmit to the famdy of Mr. BcRllot'giis a certified copy
of the ioregomg resolatton.
Resolved, That, in token of respect forthe memory of the
deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. President, in the arrangements for paying
the customary tributes to the memory of our de-
ceased colleague, Silas M. Burroughs, my col-
league [Mr. Seward] was to have spoken upon
the announcement of his death in the Senate. He
had written out his remarks, which, when he was
suddenly called away himself by the sickness of
a friend and relative, of whose death we have
since heard, he left with me. I send them to the
desk to be read.
The Secretary read Mr. Seward's remarks,
as follows:
The tributes customarily paid by Congress to
the memories of departed Representatives are
sometimes impatiently censured. It is true, that
they can yield no benefit to the dead; but it is true
only in the sense that the dead can suffer no harm
from indecent neglect or obloquy. Instincts of our
nature intervene in this, as in many other cases,
to secure interests of humanity which would be
unsafely trusted to the office of even cultivated
reason. That human life is, in my judgment, a
miserable failure, whose highest earthly aspira-
tions do not fasten on rewards which lie beyond
the grave.
The system of representative legislation, not
fully perfected anywhere, takes on here a very
peculiar form. In this House, while legislators
of a nation, we are, atthe same time, constitution-
ally, delegates of distinct States. In the other
House the ease is practically the same. Hence
we primarily associate by States, and the mem-
bers of each delegation become comrades, com-
panions, and friends. The death of one member
is a bereavement and affliction which a whole
delegation must mourn, while our Federal rela-
tions entitle those mouners to the sympathies of
the whole representative body. There may, in-
deed, be cases where that grief is imperfectly felt,
and those sympathies are coldly awarded. But
the indifference manifested in even such cases,
perhaps, needs to be excused rather than ap-
proved; and since invidious distinctions over the
grave always deeply shock the public sensibility,
the custom which awards decent and' respectful
obsequies to all who die among us, seems to me
as practically wise as it is soothing to survivors.
Those honors are conceded now on no equivocal
claim. Silas M. Burroughs was not an obscure
statesman, as he was not a common man. Ex-
emplary in private conduct, he, throughout his
whole maturity, applied a vigorous mind, under
the guidance of a generous ambition, to the pro-
motion of the general welfare and the advance-
ment of civilization. Four tiroes a representative
in the Legislature of New York, no one there
surpassed him in industry, and fe\v in influence
on public affairs. A munificent founder of edu-
cational establishments at home, he lent efficient
aid, as a legislator, to the perfecting of the excel-
lent public school system of his native State.
When the great interests of material improvement
required the public man to incur hazards and pro-
scription, he cheerfully acquiesced; and by his
great zeal, energy, and eloquence m a crisis, con-
tributed to save and perpetuate the policy that
has made New York the Belgium of America,
and boldly wrote his own name on the roll of her
greatest, benefactors—among those of Forman
and Hawley, Van Rensselaer and Clinton.
His public career culminated in an election to
the House of Representatives of the United States
in 1856. Here he was loyal, assiduous, faithful,
and successful, although laboring throughout
his whole congressional service under the assaults
of inexorable disease. He died at the age of
fifty yeais, leaving the community among whom
he had resided, and the State and the country
which he had served so well, the better for his
having lived. This is no eulogy upon him, while
it is the highest praise that, the most ambitious
among ourselves can hope to win.
On occasions like this, I have never dared to
attempt to send words of solace, or even of sym-
pathy, into the chambers of private mourning;
but 1 may be allowed to say to the young men of
New York, who are now deploring the death of
this noble Representative, that they cannot mis-
take the way tQ usefulness and honor, if they
follow his guidance and example.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have known
Silas M. Burroughs publicly as a man upon
whom the people of New York had conferred dis-
tinguished and responsible trusts for years. I met
him and made his personal acquaintance first at
the commencement of the last Congress, when he
took his seat in the other House. I have known
him well and intimately ever since; and as he and
I occupied, with our families, the same house dur-
ing the piesent session, I have deemed it not in-
appropriate in me to second tire resolutions which
have been submitted to the Senate, and to add a
few words as a tribute justly due to his memory
and his worth.
Mr. Burroughs was a gentleman in his deport-
ment; a man of culture, and varied and extensive
information; the warm, the decided, the ardent
friend; marked as a man who investigated every
question upon which he was called to act, and
forminghis own opinions deliberately upon thatin-
vestigation—opinions which, when formed, were
held to with what might be called tenacity. While
thus firmly maintaining his own opinions, matured
and formed from investigation, he was kind and
tolerant to the opinions of others. He was no
bigot. He conceded to all others the rights of opin-
ion and the rights of action, as he claimed them
for himself. He was best esteemed, he was best
loved by those who had known him longest and
best. He possessed a clear and vigorous intel-
lect; and was esteemed by all who knew him as a
most worthy recipient of the honors and confi-
dence of the people whom he so faithfully and
worthily represented.
It is, sir, but a few weeks since he separated
from the little circle that had gathered together
so happily and so pleasantly during the last win-
ter, to return to mingle his dust with the soil of
his native State; the State that he honored, and
the State that honored him. He left, sir, with
high hopes and expectations that his life and his
health were to be spared to him, and that he was
again to relurn to the toilsand responsibilities that
had been imposed upon him by his constituents.
He did not seem to realize his own condition, or
the inexorable disease which was upon him. We,
from whom he was thus separated, were better
judges, for we did not fail to sec and appreciate
the fatal termination which awaited him. He
left us, none of us expecting to meet his return
here again; and none of us have been surprised at
the information which we have been all grieved
to hear. He struggled manfully, like a Christian
man, with that disease which preyed upon him
during the whole period of his congressional life.
During the past winter, while his illness was
most severe, it is consoling to know that he was
solaqed by that kindness und unremitting care and
attention which belong to an affectionate and ac-
complished wife;and was chccred by the presence
of kind and loving children, by whom he was
surrounded. But at the noon of his manhood he
has gone home, away from earthly care and pain,
to return and be with us no more. It would be
inappropriate for me to obtrude upon that private
circle, where "grief claims its right, and tears
their course." I know, indeed, sir, as those only
can know who have passed that dreadful ordeal,
how utterly all human language fails in its at-
tempts at consolation. We can only hope that
time, "with healing on its wings," and a firm
reliance upon a just Providence, will restore hap-
piness again in the domestic circle. We can only
commend them to Him "who tempers the wind
to the shorn lamb."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, a native
of the same State with the deceased, admitted to
the same bar, a resident for many years of a
neighboring county, meeting him often in the
same forum, sometimes enjoying the hospitalities
of his home, andhavingenteied together ourcon-
giessional career, I could not do justice to the
emotions of my heart, if, on this? occasion, I did
not add one word; if I did not join to weave one
leaf in the garland now laid upon his bier, and
drop the tear of friendship at hisearly departure.
It is no purpose of mine to detain the Senate to
pronounce a eulogy. I will simply say that I have
known Silas M. Burroughs as a lawyer, as a
statesman, and as a friend. I have esteemed him
assuch,and shall cherish his memory. But, Mr.
President, the lesson that his premature death has
taught to me—a lesson which goes home to all—is
that, in the midst of the excitements of public life;
in the midst of the prejudices, the passions, and
sometimes the storms engendered in political strife,
we are reminded by a voice now speaking to us,
and which all must hear, that the time is coming
when, like him, we shall be called from these
scencs to enter upon that life where statesmen
" cease to be honored, and usurpers expiate their
crimes." May 1 humbly hope to be prepared to
meet the summons, and to join, as I trust, the spirit
ot' my departed friend, in the company of the just
made perfect through Chiist, in the presence of
the Lord ofloidsand the .King of kings.
The resolutions were adopted; and the Senate
adjourned.
