1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
ing double sets night and day, and vastly increas-
ing: their product. This explains the apparent
paradox, which the advocates of free trade never
can or never will understand, that the imposition
of a duty is not a tax on the consumer. They
persist in ignoring the fact, that, when an invest-
ment is already made m real estate, buildings,
machinery, warehouse rent, teams, and all the
other varied adjuncts to a manufactory, with the
interest, taxes and insurance running thereon,
all the expenses must come out of the product;
and the greater that is, the more is the expense
distributed, and the price of the article can be re-
duced, while the manufacturer reaps the benefit
of a ready market near at hand.
The foreign producer, in order to compete with
this new condition of things, is compelled to de-
liver his wares in our ports, if he hopes to com-
mand the market, at the old prices, before the in-
crease of duty, and thus he is compelled to pay
that duty. This is not more theory, but is abund-
antly sustained by the facts under the tariff of
1842, which,in the words of Henry Clay, covered
the country witk blessings. If any one doubts
the result, let him refer to the statistical tables,
with the Secretary's report, which are too volu-
minous for insertion here, and he will find that
the prices of coal, cottons, prints, sheetings, cloths,
carpets, and iron of all kinds, manufactured in
this country, ran down gradually from the year
1841 to 1846, when the Democratic tariff was
passed; while other articles not manufactured
here, and therefore having little or no competi-
tion, such as china, silk goods, gloves, tin plates,
&c., actuallyadvanced in price in the same period.
And although the then Secretary, R. J. Walker,
just before the passage of that bill, assured the
country, in his official report, that every ton of coal
mined in the United States cost §1 60 more than
it would under the free-trade system, he must
have overlooked the significant fact, that the full
price of a ton of coal, in the chief marts of Penn-
sylvania, did not exceed that amount. The tax
paid by the consumer ol" nails was put in the same
report at $99 per ton, the lull price then paid for
nails, which now aveinge some $U0, and thus fur-
nish a signal proof of the correctness of the posi-
tion here taken. One would suppose these facts
were damaging to such a theory. Sot at all.
Carry out your theory in spite of facts, is the rule.
It is theSangrado system overagain, under which
the patients are bleeding to death.
These acts seem to be well known to the French
statesmen of this day, ami especially to their -Em-
peror, that shrewd, sagacious mm, who controls
alike the destiny and policy of Prance, if not of
ail Europe. He has recently concluded a com-
mercial treaty with Mr. Cobden, the eminent five-
trade champion, on behalf of Great Britain, which
admits French articles free into that kingdom,
but lays high duties on all British articles im-
ported into France which compete with French
manufactures. Tiiis treaty has not yet been rat-
ified by the British Parliament, and is so unpala-
table to Englishmen that it probably never will
be. To show that the view here taken is that
taken in England, I quote from an able writer in
the last Blackwood's Magazine, discussing the
Anglo-Gallican treaty above citcd:
4t Gencu-.IIv i=p3akin , tfio market pi ice \rt!I bo fi'rod by
our own pioducers; and the only appreciable consequence
of the abolition of duties will be the los to the revenue.
I5ut.it maybe a.-ki'd. who will piotit by the icmission?
We answer, in tins case, the foreign producer. There are,
correctly speaking, only three pames who can derive auv
benefit from a i emission of duty—the pioducci, the retailer,
and the consumer. In this i-n -c it tiie piodueer, be be
Dutchman or llano. that must be the prunes. He will not
lower the puce of lit4 cheese, butter, &c . because lie
knows they command certain prices m the fSutish market.
Like a wise man, be will pock.-t the diftWence and sniper
at the simplicity of thepudden-keudcrf English, who are giv-
ing him a bonus which ho ceitainly had no reason to ex-
pect."
I fear some of our politicians would subject
themselves to the same contemptuous epithet.'
The maxim is current among political econo-
mists, that the only road to free trade is through
protection, as has been proved by the article of
nails. Hut the objection is often made that the
tariff benefits only the manufacturer, and at the
expense of the agriculturist. This is another
fallacy. Nowhere is there a better market for all
the products of the soil than in a manufacturing
town, where the teeming, thrifty population, in
the daily receipt of their hard-earned wages, must
be supplied from the adjacent country. Go into
the vicinity of these hives of industry, and ask
the tillers of the soil (sneeringly called by the
southern Democracy close-fisted farmers) when
they are most prosperous, and they will tell you,
when the mills and workshops in the neighbor-
ing town are in full operation, and they find a
ready and renumerative market near their own
door; and save the cost and trouble of distant
transportation, and the loss by deterioration of
produce in such transit to a distant market. There-
fore it is that every manufactory benefits the agri-
culturist, by creating a new demand and a relia-
ble home market, the very best and surest for
the products of his farm. And therefore it is that
the great producing States are deeply interested
in the growth and development of manufactures.
When, therefore, because of inadequate pro-
tection, the factories and mills must close, what
becomes of the busy operatives who toiled and
prospered there ? Compelled to earn a livelihood
for themselves and families, while our free-trade
theorists arc paying bounties to foreign workmen,
they must move to the country, live on their small
farms, and undertake to raise food sufficient to
keep the wolf from their doors; from consumers
becoming producers, and thus coming into direct
competion with the farmer. These facts and re-
sults are so palpable to our people, that they are
no longer deceived by the illusions of free trade.
They know that the supply increased by compe-
tition causes a fall in the prices of manufactured
articles; and that the same increased competition
creates increased demand for the products of the
soil, which must advance in price; and thus the
tariff unites this golden circle of blessings.
Such a simple proposition needs no further dis-
cussion; and I proceed to inquire, what is the pos-
ture of modern Democracy on this vital question ?
Though usually good at dodging these issues,
especially in Pennsylvania, they will hardly deny
that "our own Dallas" gave the casting vote
m the Senate which repealed the beneficent tariff
of 1842, and that the revenue laws since enforced,
and appropriately termed British tariffs, were
passed and are sustained by them; and although
the Democratic President still continues, though
with bated breath, to send his message to Con-
gress recommending specific duties, &c., ho con-
veniently sends along with the banc of recom-
mendation an antidote, in the report of his Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who quietly flouts his chief,
and scouts at his suggestions as absurd and " ex-
ploded." Yet he is permitted to retain his place,
and conlinue Ilia official assaults on the industry
of the country, while Democratic presses utter
the stinging sarcasm, " why, the President is op-
posed to the Administration !" Shade of Jack-
son ! why does not the executive fiat issue to the
recusant Secretary? " Stand not upon the order
of your going, but go at once !"
But, says my colleague from the navy-yard dis-
trict, [Mr. Florence,] in his recent specch:
£tThc resolution of the recent Democratic convention
(at Heading, Pennsylvania) lias at any late, an unmistak-
able meaning. it i.-, that the conviction of the Democratic
patty icmarns un.-hakim in the wisdom and policy of ade-
quate protection of lion, coal, wood, and the other great
staples of the country, based upon the necessities of a rea-
sonable revenue of the Gcneial Government; and
approving the views of President Buchanan npon the sub-
ject of specific duties, we earnestly desire our Representa-
tives in (Jonsiess to pioeuie such modification of the exist-
ing laws as the imwiift legislation of the Republican party
m 1857 renders absolutely necessary for the prosperity oi
the great industrial interests of Pen&ylvanta."
•My colleague was right in saying that this re-
freshingly cool resolution " has an unmistakable
meaning." Thcreis no mistake that it is another
attempt, with facc of brass, to hoodwink and de-
ceive the confiding Democracy of Pennsylvania,
after the Polk-Dallas and tanif-of-1842 fashion;
first, by deliberately falsifying the record as to
llie tariff of 1857, which it is notorious that the
Democratic Senate forced on Congress of that
year in its expiring moments; and next, by roundly
asserting that the vaporing resolution of a Penn-
sylvania convention on this subject is the convic-
tion of the Democratic party, which has hereto-
fore planted its heel on the neck of protection,and
crushed out its vitality; ay, and will be found
repeating t>e operation again oil this very bill,so
far as m them lies; though he and his two Dem-
ocratic colleagues, (for in his lugubrious phrase,
" we are but three all told,") may find it conve-
nient to vote with thefriends of the tariff, especially
as their votes are not needed, and cannot change
the result, provided, nevertheless, they do not, as
one of them [Mr. Montgomery] did on the pas-
sage of the act of 1857,get " hungry and leave the
Hall for the matter of fifteen minutes to got some-
thing to eat,"just as the vote was taken. What
a remarkable fact that man's appetite should seize
and control him just at the most inopportune
juncture. Would it not be better that a Demo-
cratic member of Congress should endure the
pangs of hunger " for the matter of" a few hours,
than that his constituents should suffer for months
and years for want of adequate reward for their
labor? What a pity it is that tariff Democrats
should, like the Irishman's pigs, frisk about so
much that they cannot be counted on the final
vote.
But says my colleague, further, of us Repub-
licans;
"I believe it is their intention to force through this House
a tariff bill wbich tlicy hope and know tiie Senate will not
accept, and then they will cry that the Democratic Senate
has defeated the tariff."
Mr. Chairman, this is a remarkable vaticination.
We do intend to perfect and pass the present bill,
in the hope of relieving the country, lifting its
prostrate industry from the dust, and starting the
plow, the loom, and the engine; and if the Dem-
ocratic Senate shall see fit to arrest the passage of
the bill, and dash the cup of hope and blessing
from the lips of honest labor, rest assured we
"will cry that they have defeated the tariff."
Ay! and wo will cry aloud, and spare not. But
let me tell my colleague and his Democratic friends,
there is one effectual way to stop that cry, and
steal that thunder, and that is, by promptly pass-
ing this bill through the Senate, affixing the presi-
dential sanction, and putting it into operation,
which may all be done within sixty days. I in-
vite the Democracy to that entertainment, and shall
be glad to make merry with them, because this
great question, too long the foot-ball of contending
parties, shall have been removed from the politi-
cal arena. I await the issue.
To secure such a consummation, I should bo
glad to see Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee,, Missouri, and North Carolina, (I would
like to include Georgia, on the strength of her
former history, but alas 11 fear she is joined to
the Gulf squadron,) present a solid front and cast
a solid vote to secure protection to that manufac-
turing industry, which, applied to the vast re-
sources of those great States, would so decidedly
advance their growth and material prosperity.
What is needed by Virginia with her vast min-
eral wealth, her genial climate, her rich soil, her
noble rivers, her healthful mountain slopes, her
flourishing manufacturing cities of Richmond and
Wheeling, her borders laved by the Ohio and the
ocean, and her magnificent net-work of railways,
providing her citizens with ready access to mar-
ket, and lastly, the clustering memories of her
once proud position as first of American States;
what needs she to enable her to recover and main-
tain that position but free labor? It is well known,
and gratifying, that her manufactures are devel-
oping and extending, and, if we may judge from
the homespun garb in which some of her Repre-
sentatives arc clad this session, a new impetus is
about to be given to her home manufactures.
True, the suit of one of them [Governor Smith]
is a little coarse in texture, while it is«lyly whis-
pered,that if all the material therein made in New
England,orin Old England,andimported through
northern ports, were withdrawn, it would fall to
the ground, and strip its wearer of his reliance on
Virginia garments; yet " we must not despise the
day'of small things."
I much fear that this groat industrial interest
is destined to be absorbed by the negro ques-
tion, which, like Aaron's rod, swallows all mi-
nor ones, and which, having completely section-
alizcd the Democracy, is rapidly converting that
once powerful party into mere propagandists of
slavery. Already they have succumbed to the
yoke of their southern rulers, and proved recre-
ant to the faith of their Democratic fathers. Al-
ready they seem to have abandoned all thought
of legislation to better the condition of the white
man, and to have bent all their efforts and aims
to foster and diffuse human bondage. And yet,
these self-styled Democrats, who are everlast-
ingly advancing the black flag under which they
are enlisted, and whose only shibboleth is sla-
very, have the assurance to designate the friends
