410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 7,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Blair.
Ho. or Reps.
their production in a manner corresponding to the
limited demand; many, unable to catch a ray of
hope from the gloomy prospects that still lie be-
fore them, have, with a wise and cautious pru-
dence, closed up their establishments, and others
have been forced to sale by the sheriff.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr, Morrill]
supposed that furnaces,like ships, were not now-
worth more than half their cost; but 1 do not sup-
fose there are many furnaces that would this day
ring one fourth of their cost. The Government,
too, without any cause for extraordinary embar-
rassment, is unable to meet the demands upon
the Treasury without a resort to loans. Now,
sir, what enemy has done this ? Has the Creator
been sparing of his bounties to us? He has
blessed us with a luxuriant soil and a healthful
climate. He has sent us neither war nor pesti-
lence. Neither has he forgotten his covenant for
seed-time and harvest; for the earth, as ever, still
yields her increase. Amongst the richest ores of
the world are deposited with us, and in conveni-
ent proximity lies the fuel wherewith they may be
smelted. We have thousands of strong and will-
ing workmen to, dig both fuel and ore, and smelt
it into the pig, and fashion it into the bloom, the
bar, the rail, and all the shapes in which it can
enter into human consumption; and yet,sir,they
stand idle, and stand in each other's way for em-
ployment, whilst these placcrs of wealth, far
richcr than the go-id of " Ormus or of Ind," lie
undisturbed, as they have lain from the ages of
their formation, guarded by some hidden power
which keeps the way that no man can enter in.
Mr. Chairman, we have been excluded from
our own limitless and inexhaustible fields of labor
by the slogan of the free trader," Buy in the
cheapest market"—a sentiment, however just and
unobjectionable in itself abstractly considered, it
would not be difficult to show is a most perni-
cious one as understood and applied by the Amer-
ican advocates of free trade. It is a phrase coincd
for mischief, and often sounded from the lips of
men conscious of truth at war with the sense in
which it is designed to be understood. The Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer, in his great speech at the
opening of the present session of the British Par-
liament, in which he advocated the release of Eng-
lish commerce from legislative restrictions, said
that the policy which would give the maximum
of employment to the labor of a country, would
produce the maximum good. That was a senti-
ment which, I may take occasion to show, was
in perfect harmony with the policy which ho ad-
vocated for England, but diametrically opposed
by the free trade which he and others recommend
as the policy of tiic United States. To give the
maximum of employment to the laboiers of our
country is a work worthy of an honorable ambi-
tion; but it is one that can never be accomplished
so long as our legislation is controlled by a maxnn
which had its origin, and finds its legitimate ap-
plication, in other nations, under circumstances
and conditions bearing no analogy to our own.
Directed by that maxim, sincc it found a place in
the law of 1846, we have gone abroad into the
"cheapest market," and spent, in the purchase
of the single article of iron, nearly three hundred
million dollars.
What effect has this supposed economy had
upon the wealth of the country? Wiiat would
have been its advantage, if this immense amount
of iron had been supplied from our own mines
and furnaces and lolling mills? Surely there is
no one, in the least acquainted with our resoui ces,
who will suppose that every pound of it could
not have been produced at home. And I will as-
sume, what all experience confutes, that if, by
proper encouragement, this iron had been made
at home, it would have cost $100,000,000 more;
and upon that hypothesis let us glance at the result.
The $400,000,000 of capital which would have
been exchanged for the iron made at home, would
have been distributed, in different proportions,
amongst our own laborers, as th<yr share of the
capital invested by them in its production. They,
in turn, would have spent their share of the prod-
uce in exchange for food and clothing, houses,
education of children, in articles ministering to
taste, elevation, and refinement, and whatsoever
else that helps to make up the best condition of
society—a progressive civilization. We would
then have had our wealth increased to double the
amount of that which was thus spent in the man-
ufacture of the iron; that is, we would have had
what was spent, for it would still have been in
circulation in the country, and we would have had
what was produced by it—the iron. The labor
of the farmers and mechanics would have pro-
duced the supplies for all engaged in its manu-
facture, and each would have had thcmcans where-
with to buy the productions of the other.
The country, during the period named, needed
this quantity of iron, amounting, at the foreign
price, to §300,000,000 beyond the domestic pro-
duction. We had the materials and labor, which
couldhavemadeitall,say at a cost of $400,000,000.
Why, then, was it not good economy to buy it
from abroad,and save$100,000,000, on the theory
of the free traders? Did wc not gain because
we saved that amount—a penny saved being a
penny gained? That is true, sir; but does the
man who looks his business squarely in the face
content himself with looking on the profit side of
his account, without casting up the losses ? If
wc will but imitate his prudence, we will sec that,
while we may have gained by saving this sum,
we have in fact lost at least $400,000,000 on the
same principle, seeing that we could have made
it ourselves, and produced all that was produced
at the same time. The farmer who buys what
he could easily have made himself without less-
ening his other productions, as suicly loses the
amount of its cost as if he had cast it into the
fire. If he produces the article himself, he is
richer to the full extent of its price or value. If
the §400,000,000 worth of iron had been made at
home, it would have constituted a clear gain to
the country. The whole sum would have repre-
sented what all in any way connected with its
manufacture would have haa to spend in the pur-
chase of other commodities. The miners, team-
sters, colliers,cokers, furnace hands, and the other
capitalists who invest their capital in its produc-
tion, would have cach enjoyed their respective
shares of this sum. They would have been that
much richer, and the country would have been to
that extent wealthier.
But that is not all. If we had bought that sur-
plus iron made at homo, it would have been pur-
chased by the exchange of that amount of other
home commodities which would have been pro-
duced, but were not. The productions of our
agriculturists are only limited by the extent of
their markets. They do not produce more than
they do, because they cannot sell. It would be
impossible to estimate the extent to which their
productions might he carried if their unemployed
capital was in active operation, if new fields were
brought under cultivation, or even old ones were
duly fertilized. I assume it as a postulate which
can not provoke a doubt, that the iron I have men-
tioned could" have been produced by capital and
labor at home that was unemployed, and that it
would have been purchased by agricultural and
other productions, the fruit, likewise, of unem-
ployed labor and capital. Thus the wealth of the
country would have been increased to twice the
amount that would have been spent for the home
article; and while we save §100,000,000 on the one
hand, we lose $800,000,000 on the other. In the
crisis of 1857, the country lost by the fall of prices,
without considering the deprt ssions in real estate,
about one thousand million dollars—a disaster
which would have been utterly impossible if wc
had been in possession of the actual \ alues which
the home manufacture of the single article of iron
would have called into existence. But it would
be a very inadequate conception of the real ad-
vantages of the home production of the articles 1
have mentioned, to confine them to the simple
\alues thus produced. The reproductive powers
of these investments should be taken in the ac-
count, as every dollar expended in the develop-
ment of our natural resources multiplies itself ad
in/in itwn.
Reckless of our dearest interests, we have em-
ployed British capital and British laborers to make
our iron; we have employed British manufactur-
ers to clothe them and British farmers to feed them
with the produce of their soil, excepting the trivial
amount of breadstuffs which they take from us;
and, what makes it still worse, we have purchased
on credit, because, when gold fails, we send our
bonds and other evidences of indebtedness, in ex-
change, at ruinous rates of discount.
But, sir, is it true that, with all this immense
sacrifice of our home capital, we procure our iron
cheaper from abroad than if, by adopting a pro-
tective policy, we should enable our own people -
to make it? It is a fact which should be con-
stantly borne in mind, that the manufacturing
industry of this country must look to men of mod-
erate means for its development—the men of en-
terprise being, as a class, in such circumstances.
In nine cases out of ten, by the time the-furnace
tis built, the mines of coal and ore purchased, the
owner finds his available capital exhausted, and
a debt upon his shoulders. His neighbor opens
another mine, builds his furnace, and competes
with him in the supply of those who purchase.
Their first returns of profits are reinvested on the
spot, in putting their mines and furnaces in a
better working condition, so as to make the same
or a greater quantity of iron with less labor; the
product is at once cheapened to the consumer.
Again: the profits are invested in a railroad that
will connect the furnace with the mines, and at
once a large reduction in the cost of transporting
is effected, so that a largely-increased quantity of
coal and ore can be transported with less labor.
And they arc again able to enter the market on
terms more favorable to the consumer. Thus, by
competition, they arc constantly approaching the
maximum of production by the minimum of labor
—that point whore the shares in the value pro-
duced, of all directly or indirectly contributing,
are increased to the highest degree; where the
laborer has the most to spend for everything for
which a man spends his capital.
When production is small, the share of the la-
borer is small; and it increases just as the produc-
tion increases. When small, u is a dear product
to him; and as he gets more iron for his labor, he
gets it cheaper. When employed, it is cheap to
him,. When unemployed, it is dear, whether the
market price in money be high or low. And just
as it is dear or cheap to the men who make it, ia
it dear or cheap to the men who buy itand use it.
And as it is by employment that men are able to
buy, the policy which gives to labor the greatest
employment produces the greatest good. This
would be the actual condition of our people, if we
could obtain exemption from unfair competition.
The early policy of Great Britain inaugurated
a protective system of laws which absolutely pro-
hibited the entrance of all foreign fabrics that could
possibly rival her own; and if she had gone no
further, it had been well, not only for her own
people, but for all others. Not content with a
policy which, but for the unequal distribution of
lands, and the checks to its improvement in the
system of titles by which it was chiefly held, would
have created a wholesome employment of her labor
in diverse pursuits proportioned to the needs of
her population, she has, with a sedulous selfish-
ness, devoted the energies of the empire to making
her factories the "workshops of the world."
To accomplish this end, it was her constant
effort, until recently, to cut off nil other nations
from the means of improvemuntin manufacturing
industry which they might derive from the skill
of her artisans. Her statute-books abound in the
most arbitrary and illiberal enactments, forbidding
all pei sons from entering into contracts with Brit-
ish operatives, who were ingenious and skillful in
any of the various branches of manufactures, to
go into foreign countries; for the avowed purpose,
iu almost every instance, of preventing foreign
nations from availing thcmsclvi-s of their knowl-
edge, and thereby building up factories for them-
selves. Her restrictions, however, did not stop
here; but, with the same spirit and intent, laws
were enacted to prevent the exportation of oil
tools and machines used by her manufacturers.
Such restrictive and prohibitory laws for the en-
couiagement of trade meet the eye so often, in
turning over the statutes of the last century, that
it would almost seem to have been the chief busi-
ness of legislation to build up British manufac-
tures and British shipping, and to counteiact the
efforts of all other nations to diversify their pur-
suits and supply themselves. As an example, I
present the following, passed in 1785, chapter
sixty-seven:
" An act to prohibit the export of tools and utensils made
