I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE/
431,
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Blair.
; Ho. op Reps.;
use of m the iion and steel manufactures of the kingdom,
and to prevent the contracting with artisans in these fac-
tories to go abioad."
The preamble reads thus:
u Whereas the exportation of the several tools and uten-
sils made use of in preparing, working up, and finishing
iron .and steel manufactures of this kingdom, will enable
foi eigners to work at such manufacturer, and thereby great-
ly diminish the exportation of the same trom this kingdom;
therefore, for the preserving as much as po&sible the ben-
efits at Islng from those great and reliable branches of trade
and commerce, &c., Be it enacted."
The act then proceeds to forbid the export of
roachineVy, such as rollers, molds, punches, &c.;
and enacts heavy penalties for its violation, besides
a confiscation of the machinery when seized. An
additional preamble declares:
"And wherea«, lor the encouraging of such manufac
tures m this kingdom, it is necessary that provision should
be made to prevent artificers and others employed therein
from departing," kc.
And then follows the prohibitory provision
against seducing, soliciting:, or contracting with
British workmen to go into foreign countries.
There was not until recently an important branch
of industry in the kingdom that was not protected
by enactments of like extreme and arbitrary sever-
ity. Yet it was not enough to prevent foreigners
from employing their workmen and buying their
machines, for other nations would gradually di-
rect their endeavors to manufacture their own
materials, unless restrained. But it has been her
concurrent policy, m perfect harmony with the
laws here mentioned, to push her armies and na-
vies around the world, conquering empires upon
which the sun never sets, whereto hermerchants
may carry her manufactures,unmolested by com-
petition. It is not for fame that she has won her
most splendid victories, so much us for her mar-
kets. It is not so much the love of glory that
fires her ambition, as the calculation of the mer-
chant, who seeks a place to sell his woolens, his
cottons, and his iron. For this, she wars with
the weak and intrigues with the strong. In short,
her design is to manufacture the raw materials of
her own and of other nations, not only for her
own supply, but for the supply of the world. The
chief element of her power to underwork other
  nations and supply them with her fabrics is the
low wages of hei manufacturing operatives.
Competition for employment reduces wages as
it reduces the prices of all other commodities; and
the itfquiry is presented, why it is that in a coun-
try where manufactures have been so highly fa-
vored, the condition of the operatives in the man-
ufacturing districts has so generally excited the
commiseration of the humane. Accustomed as
men arc to associate power and dignity with the
perpetuation of large landed estates in families,
especially where the spirit of feudalism has been
infused into the framework of society, as was the
case in England, it is not to be wondered at that
the lands of the kingdom were chiefly concen-
trated into the hands of the few. The titles being
generally under family settlements, by deeds,
wills, and other assurances, gave the person hav-
ing the right to the enjoyment of the land but an
estate for his own life; an estate which he could
not charge with debts or dispose of for a longer
period. In many cases the occupants found them-
selves in possession of large bodies of land which
required a liberal expenditure of capital to render
them productive. There was no inducement to
invest the requisite sums on an estate which might
terminate at any moment with his life, and then
pass at once to another, who would enjoy its ben-
efits without being at all subjected to the burden
of its improvement; and, for the same reason, no
one would lend money upon mortgage or other
security on such an uncertain estate. From these
and other causes growingout of land monopoly,
labor was excluded from a quantity of land suili-
cient in extent, if brought under a thorough sys-
tem of culture, to produce food for the entire pop-
ulation. Agriculture had not its just proportion
of capital and labor employed in its development,
to which it was entitled, if there had been a nat-
ural and equitable distribution; and the conse-
quence was, an excessive supply of both, for me-
chanical and commercial pursuits.
The evil became so pressing and alarming, that
during the agitation for the repeal of the corn
laws, reformatory movements were set on foot,
enabling capitalists to advance money for drain-
age purposes, to be charged on the land, and re-
quiring the interest to be kept down by the tenant
for life. The Government,too, has, in pursuance
of various acts of Parliament, advanced on loan
at three per cent, interest, for agricultural im-
provements, various sums amounting to about
twenty-five million dollars; and these reforms
have had a decidedly salutary influence in ame-
liorating the condition of agricultural labor, and
advancing the productive power of the improved
land. But the mining and manufacturing labor-
ers, crowded in the districts .where the works are
carried on, and trained for generations in the hab-
its of their peculiar toil, and consequently unfitted
for other pursuits, can experience from these
movements but little relief. They arc still sub-
jected to the constant depressions of wages ren-
dered necessary in order to undersell and break
down the laborers of every other country who
desire to set up for themselves. It is obvious,
then, that a country possessing the advantages of
such cheap labor and cheap capital, and with ma-
chinery advanced to the highest stage of perfec-
tion, can manufacture at rates that for all time to
come will keep from full employment the capital
and labor of a country like ours, unless they are
met by restrictions adapted to the necessities of
the ease.
I have spoken of the progressive steps by which
manufactures are cheapened when labor in the
various pursuits of life can find employment,
when producers have at their doors a market for
the exchange with each other of their respective
products, and where, as a laboring man, lately
speaking to me of the effect of protection, said,
44 we mutually help each other." I have spoken,
too, of the improvement in the machinery of pro-
duction brought about by a fair and free compe-
tition, by which the cost of the article to the con-
sumer is lessened. But the progress to such happy
results is opposed by the condition of labor and
capital in England, to which I have alluded, and
which draws us within the circle of an unfair
competition—a competition as unfair as would be
that between a merchant who by fraud obtains
his goods below their value, and.another who has
paid an honest price for what he has to sell. The
Englishman tells us to buy in the cheapest mar-
ket, and proffers to us goods cheapened by cruel
exactions from poor operatives, and deposits
them in our warehouses at prices below what
must be paid to American laborers alone for their
manufacture. We give heed to the plausible and
insidious advice, and dismiss from employment
our own labor and capital, and for a time the in-
dividual consumers procure their goods at a lower
cost in money. But the foreign price is variable,
as it must always be in a country depending on
the exchange of its manufactured products for
the raw materials of nations all around the globe,
and consequently we are at once placed at the
mercy of these changes.
Besideg this, we arc at the mercy of combina-
tions among gigantic establishments to regulate
prices, as is frequently observed in the notices of
meetings of Staffordshire and "Welsh iron-mas-
ters, where they resolve upon an advance or de-
pression of prices, as may suit their purposes; so
that we soon discover, when the foreigner has
obtained the exclusive control of our markets,
we are paying a largely increased price, by which
we are simply helping him to retrieve his losses
in the efforts that were expended to break down
the home production. We arc invited, however,
to buy our iron and other articles in this cheap
market, for the further reason that it is the dear-
est market m which to sell our bread-stuffs and
cotton and other raw materials; and this is the
argument by which American farmers have been
induced, bv the abandonment of the protective
tariff of 1842, to discharge their own manufactur-
ers, and employ those abroad Has experience,
the faithful touchstone of truth, commended to
their judgments ail the advantages of a foreign
market, which free trade pictured to theirimagin-
ations? I think not. They were told that Eng-
land was easting off the shackles from commerce
which a barbarous, selfish, and anti-commercial
spirit had imposed, and that, inaugurating a new-
era of unrestricted international exchanges, she
was throwing open her ports for the admission
of our hreadstutfs, after long and wearisome con-
tests-with the protectionists. That was in, the,
year 1846. -v *- • .
The protection afforded .by the act,of 13,42 had
infused so much of life ami energy into the coun-,
try, that it was fast working- its way;to commer-
cial independence* Capital, that h$d beendrivven~
from active employment by the diga.st'e'rs cofi>se-;
quent on the reduction of duties by tile tariff pi*
1833, sought investment "not only in,the old,'tut
in new avenues of industry; laborers' no longer-
looked for employers, but employers for them—~a%
condition of things that in a short time would have,
driven British manufactures from our markets, tjn$
replaced them with our own, on a basis so finti/
that they could have soon maintained theirground,.
unaided by protection. But the selfishness and
avarice of British manufacturers, shippers, and
merchants, left untried no means within their
power to compass the defeat of our prosperity.
British intrigue and British gold were employed
in the work of destruction, $md an Administration
was brought into power by studiously and per-
sistently assuring the people that the law of 1842,
so fruitful of blessings, should be religiously sup-
ported and preserved. England immediately be-
gan the repeal of many duties which were utterly
useless for the protection of her industry, for the
simple purpose of affording an example of he,r,
supposed abandonment of the protective policy,
the better to enable her to operate on the minds of
our own and of other people, and thereby induce
them to repeal duties that were truly and substan-
tially protective. The modification of the corn
laws, too, was pushed to a speedy conclusion,,
for the benefit of the manufacturers, and to recon-
cile our farmers to the repeal of the act of 1842.
Now, sir, what have they gained by it? What
has been the result?
Fiom a table exhibiting the quantities of wheat
imported into Great Britain in a series of years,
which I find in the consular returns of 1855, I
extract the following: *
Wheat Imported from the United States.
In 1846  808,178 quarters.
184 7   },834,142 " *
184 8    296,102 «
. 1849.  617,131 «
1S.)0  537,030 "
1831  911,855
1852 1,231,894 «
Wheat Imported from other countries.
In 1846        1,539,900 quarters.
181 7 2,092,526 "
1818  2,587,731 «
184 9 3,852,000 "
1850  4,091,048 "
1851  4.349,310 "
1852   2,906,778 «
The exports of wheat and wheat flour to Great
Britain for the year ending 30th June, 1850, were
as follows:
Bushels. • Value.
Wheat 1,322,718 $1,296,290
Wheat flour  232,368 1,051,051
I will not stop to dwell on the inconsiderable
importance of the British market for this article.
Lt is sufficient to say that, considering the in-
crease of population in both countries, and the
power of other nations to compcte with us suc-
cessfully in the supply of breadstuffs for that mar-
ket, it is not worth our carc. And if we wilt but
consider the improvements in agriculture which
of late have commanded so large a share of pub-
lic attention in England, it will be obvious that
her market for our breadstuffs will continue to
diminish, until, in a short time, we shall be en-
tirely excluded. I have already adverted to the
difficulty, indeed impossibility, of investing a
proper share of capital in English agriculture. I
would now claim the attention of the committee
more particularly to the reforms recently set on
foot for the remedy of thisevil. The Parliament,
as early as took hold of the matter, and
passed an act enabling poisons having a limited
interest in lands to charge them, under certain
restrictions, with debts contracted for improve-
ments, the spirit and purpose of which is recited
in the preamble, as follows:
Whereas> much of the land in England and Ireland
would be rendered peimanently more productive by im-
proved draining, and nevertheless, by reason of the great
expense thereof, pioprietois having a limited interest in
such land are u uahle to execute fcucii draining; and whereas
it is expedient, as well for the moie abundant production o<*
food as fo i mcieased employment of farming laborers, aiut
the extended investment of capital in the permanent im-
