834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
The amendment is a formal one, which nobody
will object to. It is required to be made in con-
sequence of a mistake of the committee as to the
persons to whom the money should be paid. I
trust the Senate will allow the bill to be taken up
and acted on.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I feel every disposition
in the world to oblige the Senator from California,
but I have some reports to make. They will n8t
preclude his bill being taken up afterwards, and
then I shall be very happy to oblige him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first busi-
ness strictly in order is the presentation of memo-
rials and petitions.
Mr. HA UN. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow this bill to pass. I now only
want to amend it by correcting a mistake in the
name. I do not think any one will argue it or dis-
cuss it. It is a very small matter.
Mr. IVERSON. I make this additional appeal
to the Senate in this case, on behalf of the Senator
from California. He is about to leave the Senate
in a few days, and as he takes a great deal of per-
sonal interest in this bill, I trust the Senate will
indulge him.
Several Senators. Let us take it up.
The bill (S. No. 117) for the relief of Santiago
E. Arguello, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Santiago E. Arguello, late a captain
in the California battalion, the sum of $14,888,
for losses t>f property sustained by him during
the period of such service, and in consequence
thereof.
The petitioner was a wealthy and influential
inhabitant of California, residing in the vicinity
of San Diego. On the invasion of that country
during the Mexican war, and on the appearance of
the proclamation of Commodore Stockton, then in
command of that division of the American forces,
Arguello placed himself at the head of a company
raised through his influence and exertions, and
immediately joined the United States forces, and
fought with distinguished bravery and effect in
several actions, under the command of Commo-
dore Stockton, who fully attests his gallantry and
the importance of his services. On the 25th No-
vember, 184C, he was appointed by Governor
Stockton a captain of riflemen in the California
battalion, and, on the 16th January, 1847, amem-
berofthe Legislative Council of thatTerritory. In
consequence of his attachment to the cause of the
United States, and the zeal and activity which he
manifested in their service, his rancho was rav-
aged and laid waste, his buildings burnt, and his
cattle and other movable effects taken away by
the enemy, by which he appears to have been re-
duced from competence and wealth to penury and
dependence. A commission, appointed by H.
Fitch, Esq., alcaide of San Diego, to examine and
report upon the losses of Arguello, state, under
oath, and after a personal examination, that the
personal property thus destroyed by the enemy
amounted, " at the lowest value," to §14,888.
Mr. HAUN. I move to amend the bill in line
four, after the word " to," by inserting " G-auda-
lupc Lstudillo de Arguello, widow of."
The amendment was agreed to.
1 he bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurredin; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest that the title ought
to be changed to correspond with the text.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will be
done.
The title was amended so as to read, "A bill
for the relief of Gaudalupe Estudillo de Arguello,
widow of Santiago E. Arguello."
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAUN presented additional papers in sup-
port of the claim of P. R, Stevens, president of
the California Stage Company; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post OfHce and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of A
Boschke, praying an appropriation to defray his
expenses in making a m mute and accurate survey
of the District of Columbia, engraving the man
and furnishing the Government with one thousand
copies; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN presented four memorials of cit-
izens of Washington, praying that the grant for
a railway on Pennsylvania avenue may be given
to the company which proposes to construct a •
lateral branch along Seventh street, passing the '
Post Office and the Patent Office, to M street
north; which were referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMMOND presented additional papers
in the case of H. R. De La Reintne; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of John
L. Hayes, in behalf of many citizens of the Uni-
ted States and others, praying the adoption of
measures for securing international reciprocity in
the rights of patentees; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Oflice.
Mr. THOMSON presented the petition of John
Jordan, praying that his pension may commence
from the date t>f his discharge; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Micajah
Hawks, assistant surgeon in the Navy during the
war of 1812, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen- ;
sions. ]
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citizens ;
of Iowa, praying the establishment of a post route j
from Clarksville to Iowa Falls, in that State; which j
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads. j
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of Isaac '
E. Morse, praying additional compensation as j
special commissioner to New Grenada; which !
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela- [
tions. |
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of Ear- '
bary Glover, praying to be allowed a pension; i
which, with her papers on the files of the Senate, 1
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
.Mr. WILKINSON, presented a petition of citi- 1
zens of Wilton, Minnesota, praying a grant of !
land for the endowment of the Wilton Seminary \
of Learning; which was referred to the Commit- ;
tee on Public Lands. !
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred tie:
petition of William E. Haskell and others, heiis
of William Thompson, an officer in the revolu-
tionary war, praying to be allowed the commuta-
tion pay due their ancestor, reported a bill (S. No.
188) for the relief of the surviving grand-children
of Colonel William Thompson, of the revolu-
tionary army of South Carolina; which was read,
and passed to a sccond reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Henry G. Carson, ad-
ministrator of Curtis' Grubb, deceased, of the firm
of Curtis & Peter Grubb, for payment of a " final
settlement certificate," with interest from Jan nary
1, 1783, reported a bill (S. No. 187) for the relief
of Henry G. Carson, administrator of Curtis
Grubb, deceased; which was lead, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of Ed-
ward D. Tippett, a soldier in the warof 1812, pray-
ing to be allowed bounty land, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of A. Edwards, late regis-
ter of the land office at Kalamazoo, Michigan, pray-
ing the reinfbursement of money paid by him for
extra clerk hire, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Allen Gaylord and
others, citizens of the State of Ohio, praying that
land may be granted to the heirs of those1" who
served in the Indian wars, and that of 1812, with
Great Britain, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Benjamin Ward, a
nrivatPPi'smnn in the In^r u-or with riv >ut
PAPJSRS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Reuben dou^h, praring to
be allowed arreaiso/ peiiMon, on tin; files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Air. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Benjamin Alvord, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate rela-
ting to the application of Thomas L. Disharoon5to locate
certain land wai rants on any of the public lands subject to
private sale, be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James T. V. Thompson,
ptaying indemnity for losses su>tamed by him on a certain
lot ot flour purchased at a Government .-ale, and on beef
cattle io?t on their way for delivery at Bent's Foit. under
contract with the Government, on" the file* of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. POLK, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Court of Claim* in the
case of Joseph Clynier, on the files of the Senate, be referred i
to the Committee on Claims. !
BILLS INTRODUCED. j
Mr. BINGHAM asked, and by unanimous con- j
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. i
190) in relation to Michigan claims at Sault Ste.
pnvateersman in the last w?r with Great Britain
praying that pensions and land may be granted
to him and other Americans who were imprisoned
at Dartmoor, submitted an adverse report; which
; was ordered to be printed.
j Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
1 whom was referred the memorial of Franklin
! Peale, praying remuneration for his inventions
j and improvements in the machinery and process
i for refining and coining the precious metals, of
f which the United States has received the benefit,
I submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
I 189) for the relief of Franklin Peale. The bill was
i read, and passed to a second reading, and the re-
1 port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the motion to print the ie-
port of the Secretary of War, communicating, in
obedience to law, a statement of the appropria-
tious applicable to the service of the War Depart-
I ment for the fiscal year ending: June 30. 1 *.>!),
j reported in favor of printing fi\e hundred copies
j for the use of the War Department; and the re-
! port was agreed to.
j Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee onPeu-
; sions, to whom was referred the petition of Hu-h
j Wiley, a soldier of the war of 181Q, praying "to
! be allowed a pension, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution submitted by Mr. (iivis-
on the 23d of December, 1859, instructing the
Committee on Pensions to inquire into the expe-
diency of extending the benefit up to the present
time of the act, appi oi ed March 3. IS35, "giant-
Marie, Michigan; which was read twice by its I1 in? bounty laud to ceitain officers and'
title, and referred to the Committee on Private ' 1 '
Land Claims.
soldi,
REVISION OF THE POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. RICE submitted the following resolution;
whichwas considered byunanimousconsent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Port Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency or' a re-
vision ot the postal laws, and toiejiort by lull or otherwise.
POST ROUTES IX FLORIDA.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution: which was considered byunanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be. and they arc here!)}, instructed fo inquire into
nie ejtpeuioucy ot estoiiliflnn  a po t route lioin Tampa to
Fort Mead, in the State ol' Fiorula.
REPORTS OF COMMITIEES.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Ij who have been eiigngi d m the military service of
j| the Lmtcd States," asked to be disehargrd ftoni
|j its further consideration, and that it be"ref, rr. d
j| to the Committee on Public Lauds; which was
, i agreed to.
,| He also, from the same committee, to whom
' was referied the petition of Daniel Abbott, a «ol-
; dier in the war of 1H12, praying to be allowed a
pension, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
: He also, from the same committee, to whom
j was referred the petition of Joseph Wileoi.il). a
;j soldier in the war of 1813, praying to lie allow, d
j an invalid pension, submitted an adverse
,| which was ordered to be printed.
! He also, from the sum.. eommi'iee, to who.:,
: • was referred the memorial of Jonas P. L..v-i-, -..lu-
ll manderof the United Stales transport she.
| can during the late war with Mexico, pravui"
ii be allowed bounty land, asked to be discharged
ii port;
