2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
An act (H. R, No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Calloway;
An act (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of "W". Y.
Hansell, the heirs of W. S. A. Underwood, and
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
An act (H. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
* Anact(H.R. No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New York;
- An act (H. R. No. 130) to pay to the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians; and
An act (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of Gott-
lieb Scheerer.
Also, the following, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House:
An act (H. R. No. 240) for the relief of Cas-
sius M. Clay;
An act (H. R. No. 189) for the relief of the
legal representatives of the estate of Charles H.
Mason;
An act (H. R. No. 195) to confirm certain pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of New Mex-
ico;
An act (H. R. No, 225) for the relief of Eben
S. Hanscomb;
An act (H. R. No. 395) for the relief of Chaun-
cey W. Fuller; and
An act (H. R. No. 543) for the relief of Mar-
garet Whitehead.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 448) to carry into cfFect pro-
visions of the treaties betweefi the United States,
China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other countries,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls, orolherfunctionanessof the United States
in those countries, and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 419) recognizing the survey of
the Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louisiana,
as approved by the surveyor general, and for
other purposes.
INSTITUTION FOR DEAF, DUMB, AND BLIND.
Mr. CARTER,from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill No.
426, to dissolve the Washington's Manual Labor
School and Male Orphan Asylum Society of the
District of Columbia, and to authorize the trans-
fer of its effects to the Columbia Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind; with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE.
Mr. CARTER, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill No. 202, to reimburse to
the corporation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, a sum of money advanced towards the
construction of the Little Falls bridge; with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock in
the chair.) The question is upon ordering the
bill to be read a third time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illi nois. I suppose- that all
these bills, making appropriations for this Dis-
trict, will pass. I wish, howc-ver, to place myself
upon the record against them, and against the
appropriation of money to build bridges in this
District. Therefore, I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion for a moment ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. 1 will.
Mr. BURNETT. This bill is to reimburse to
the corporation of Georgetown money appropri-
ated to erect a bridge in times gone by. 1 believe,
that the Committee for the District of Columbia
has, for three Congresses, unanimously reported
a bill providing for the reimbursement of this
money to the city of Georgetown. The bridge
was originally built by the Government.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. P.vrTON,aclcrkin the office of the Secre-
tary of the Senate, informing the House that the
Senate had passed an act (H. R. No. 543) for the
relief of Margaret Whitehead, with amendments;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the Senate.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE—-AGAIN.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say that
I understand this bill just as the gentleman from
Kentucky has explained it. It is to appropriate
money out of the Treasury of the United States
to reimburse to the city of Georgetown moneys
which that city is alleged heretofore to have ex-
pended in the construction of a bridge across the
Potomac. Now, what right we have to take
money out of the national Treasury and appro-
priate it for that object, I am at a loss to determ-
ine. It seems to me that if we inaugurate such a
system of appropriations, there will be no end to it.
Tin: very fact that this is all old claim that has been
before Congress heretofore, and has not been
passed upon favorably, ought of itself to be a strong
argument in favor of its rejection. I am willing,
as a member of this House, to make all needful
and proper appropriations for the District of Co-
lumbia; but when the people of this District come
here and ask us to appropriate money for any
and every object they may designate, we ought
to pause and hesitate before we do it. The appro-
priation proposed in this bill is radically wrong,
and ought not to be made by this Congress. I
therefore move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the chairman of the
District of Columbia Committee will allow us to
take a vote upon that motion without discussion,
because I am - satisfied that the House will not
make that reference of the bill.
Mr MORRIS, of Illinois. I demand the yeas
and nays upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I believe the motion to refer
is debatable ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to get some in-
formation in reference to this bill; and, unless I
can get it in the House, I shall feel obliged to vote
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, where we can discuss
it, and obtain the information which we desire. I
would like to know what reason there is why the
Federal Government should reimburse to the
corporation of the city of Georgetown moneys ex-
pended by it in the erection of a bridge, any more
than to refund to them money expended m any
other way for the benefit of Geoigctown ?
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will allow the report to be read, I think
he will understand the matter.
Mr. BRANCH. I have no objection to Sear-
ing the report read, but 1 object to passing the
bill without our having any information m refer-
ence to it, either by reading the report or by ex-
planation made upon the floor. I will yield the
floor for the purpose of having the report read.
Mr. HUGHES. There are one or two bills
reported by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia which will have to be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of theUnion, by
reason of their containing an appropriation. I
therefore suggest that we pass this bill over until
we go into committee.
Mr. BRANCH. The suggestion of the gentle-
man from Maryland is a very wise one; and the
chairman of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia need not fear that all the business relating
to the District of Columbia cannot be acted upon
to-day. We may proceed in the House upon
such bills as make no appropriation, and then, in
an hour or two, we can go into committee and
take up such bills as may be referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. CARTER. I have no objection whatever
to having the bill so referred. • /
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman will, then, let
the bill be referred to the Committeee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or he will not
get it through here. If it be referred to the com-
mittee, we will take it up in its order upon the
Calendar, dispose of it there, report it back to
the House, and act upon it after the committee
rises.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state to the
gentleman from North Carolina, and to the gen-
tleman from Illinois 
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Perhaps the gen-
tleman from Virginia is not aware that the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia has consented that the bill should be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think there is no
necessity for that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands that this bill contains a clause making
an appropriation. If that be the case, the bill
must, of necessity, go to the .Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, under the rule,
if'objection be made to considering it in the
House.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
GERMAN BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
The next bill in order was an act (H. R. No.
523) extending the act incorporating the German
Benevolent Society of Washington* city, in the
District of Columbia, approved July 27, 1842;
which was returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was in section
one, line sixteen, after the words " courts of," to
strikeout "record and in," and insert in lieu
thereof "law and equity and in all."
The amendment, which related to the courts in
which the society might sue and be sued, was
concurred in.
DIVORCES IN" THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CARTER. I now call up the bill (H. R.
No. 663) to authorize divorces in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
inquire where that bill is?
Mr. CARTER. It was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then it cannot
be considered in the House except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the Committee of
the Whole on the State of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
brought before the House for consideration.
The bill was read.
Mr. KE1TT. I wish to make a few remarks
upon this bill; and I shall close by moving to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. BURNETT. I trust the gentleman will
not, by a motion to lay upon the table, cut off the
gentleman who reported the bill from speaking.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly not. I will give way
to the gentleman from Kentucky, if he wishes to
speak.
Mr. BURNETT. I will not take the floor from
the gentleman.
Mr. KEITT. I shall not object to any bill
which will protect married women in the posses-
sion of their property, when proper cases are
made out of cruelty and injustice upon the part of
the husband. But 1 object to this bill because
there is incorporated in it a provision for divorce
a vinculo matrimonii. If it simply provided for
separation from bed and board in proper cases, I
should not object. But I do object to this system
of divorces from the bonds of matrimony, be-
cause, so far as my reading has gone, though the
practice is quite common m too many States, I
am convinced that the effect of the practice is de-
moralizing. Whenever you relax the marriage
tie, you introduce all sorts of immoralities. The
slightest relaxation will pave the way to general
demoralization. The other day I saw a statement
to the effect that in one of the western States an
application for a divorce was made upon the part
of the woman because her husband had cold feet.
So far as my reading has gone, this kind of legis-
lation usually develops results similar to that to
which I have alluded.
In my own State there has never been, from
the foundation of that Commonwealth to the
present time, a single case of divorce; and I trust
there never will be. Wherever you allow such
divorces, persons will, upon all sorts of flimsiest
pretexts, make application to courts of justice,
and they will be made to administer to all sorts
of animosities and jealousies. Wherever it is
known that the contract of marriage is for life,
persons will put up much better with matrimonial
difficulties than they will if it be understood that
the contract can be easily abrogated. I object to
this Federal Government, either here or else-
where, impairing in any way the marriage obli-
gation. Cases of cruelty and harshness may
