1800.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL 6rL0BE>
m
36th .Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Blair.
Ho. os Beps.
shorter time than she stood guardian for hers. I
believe that ten years of honest protection would
enable us to supply our own wants.
Bui, sir, there is one other example of thatad-
vancing" commercial freedom" on which so much
praise has been expended, that I must beg the
indulgence of the committee by a reference to it.
"When we first met at the present session, and
when it was known that the friends of protection
would be likely to command a working majority
of this House, ouropponents throughoutthe coun-
try heralded the advent of a new convert to the
doctrine of free trade. France, it was said, was
about to signalize thcglories of unrestricted trade,
by a commercial treaty with England; and for us
at such a time to take up the old cast-off gar-
ments of protection, would be but to confess our-
selves laggards in the race of civilization. The
treaty was concluded in January, and its provis-
ions reached us in Febiuaiy, quite in time to pre-
vent our relapse into barbarism. But, sir, instead
ofshowingusa new light by which to discern
the mistaken policy of this bill, it has only served
to strengthen our convictions of the soundness of
the principle on which it is founded. It must be
remembered that the French commercial system
has, for a longer time than that of any other nation
of the world, been most eminently protective to
her industry. As far back as 1664, under the
administration of Colbert, a geneial tariff was
established, on the following bases:
1. To diminish the duties of importation on all
articles required for manufactures.
2. To exclude foreign manufactures, by raising
the duties.
St. Ferreol, in 1834, in a resume of the policy
on which the commercial regulations of the king-
dom were based, mentions, among others:
1. The reduction of duties solely on articles required
for the rnanutactmers.
" 2. Tlie encouragement of importation ol machinery for
man utae tilling.
il 3. Piolubition of the exports of machinery, and an
that may contribute to the development of foreign indus-
tiy.
,"4. The removal of no prohibition, the reduction of no
duty on manutactuie,.-*, on any other conbideiation than to
dimmish the piotlt-s of ftaud.
" 5. The adoption of the principle that, in all treaties with
England, most ol the conditions which she will piopose are
those which we ought to avoid."
It was under such training that the manufac-
tures of France have grown up, until they are
chiefly confined to the finest forms of fabrics,and
command the admiration of the world. At the
close of the lust yeai preceding the negotiation of
the treaty which, it is the boast of free traders,
was an abandonment of her doctrines of protec-
tion, her special commerce of exports, which does
not include goods manufactured from materials
imported with a view to reexportation, amounted
to $350,982,000—an amount which one would
suppose indicated a strength sufficient to enable
them to bear at least some modifications of their
highly prohibitory duties. By this treaty, France
agrees to reduce her duties, on various at tides of
British production and manufacture, imported
from the United Kingdom, to a maximum duty
of thirty per centum, including linens, woolens,
gloves, &c., some descriptions of iron manufac-
tures, coal, and coke; and after the 1st October,
1864, the maximum duty is to be twenty-five per
cent. On other kinds of iron, the duty, by article
seventeen, shall be $13 per ton, till the 1st Octo-
ber, 18G4, and thorcditer $11. And as no civ-
ilized nation but our own will long tolerate ad
valorem duties, it is piovidcd that they shall be
converted into specifics, on the average prices of the
five months preceding the date of the treaty; and
whilst they are in foicc they are to be estimated
on the value, at the place of manufacture, of the
article imported, with the addition of freight, in-
surance, and commissions.
In consideration of these advantages, England
admits the chief productions of France free of
duty, beyond the amount of her direct taxes on
like articles, and so far reduces her revenue duties
on French wines as to render them accessible to
the mass of her population. Surely nothing but
long-established habits of associating the idea of
prosperity with existing protective duties long
after they have ceased to perform their functions
of protection, would restrain a Frenchman from
yielding his conscntto such a bargain; for, in truth,
it is a measure calculated to favor the industry of
France, and therefore in perfect harmony with
her long-cherished policy. I do not propose to
rest the case thus, but to show that, in the nego-
tiation of the treaty, France was influenced by
considerations such as these. A report, signed by
Rouher and Baroche, the negotiators ofthe treaty,
and submitted to the Emperor—for a copy of
which I am indebted to the kindness of a friend—
represents the principles by which they were
guided in the discharge of their official dutj.es, I
extract the following:
" Did not those who have brought to the discussion of
these economic problems the strongest sentiments of at-
tachment to our existing regulations declare, in 1834, that
tariffs, whilst temporarily advantageous, fhould end when
the education of industry is finished, when it atrains'its
full growth, and that every branch of industry should cease
to be piotected when it has reached that growth?
"Then,reduced within those limits,the question issim-
plj one of iact: has Ficncli industry readied such a degree'
of manhood as to justify the removal of prohibitions, and
the substitution of moderate tariffs in their steadLet us
inquite into the facts :
'•Our total expoit for 185S amounts, for special com-
merce, to 1,887,000,000 francs, (actual values.) What por-
tion ot this entire sum consist of articles the importation
of which into Fiance is proklbitedV,
Here folio wsa table of various manufactures em-
braced in the exports, the values of which amount
to 484,400,000 francs. And the report proceeds:
" Thus similar aitick's, prohibited from importation into
France, torm more than one fouith part ot our exports.
Then, m the eyes of candid men not seduced by empty
sophisms, there not a sign of manhood and strength in
these extensive sales made by our manufacturer in loieign
markets, in full competition with the nianulacturers of other
nation-*, and often, too, in competition with tiie protected
pioductsof the nation to whose mat ket they were expoited?
Can it be possible that international competition, moderated
by dunes,wilioverwhohnourinaiiufaciurer.i in the French
inaiket. when they can meet without d:mgei,and with ad-
vantage, competition m a foreign market.'"
Mr. Chairman, I commend this extract from
the report to the consideration of those who seem
to suppose, because France has now come down
from absolute prohibitions to a moderate tariff,
that therefore we should abandon everything
which in the least savois of protection. When-
ever it shall be found that our manufactures, on
which we demand protection, have been developed
to such strength and maturity that they can not
only supply our own wants, but penetrate other
markets in competition with the world, and even
against the protected products of other nations to
which they are exported, then, sir, may the free
traders find in this action of France an example
which they may with propuctyask us to follow.
But, before quitting this topic, 1 would further
invite attention to the views expressed in this re-
port relative to the duties upon the article of iron,
concerning which the stipulations constitute, m
their opinion, the most delicate of their negotia-
tions. They state that the English embassadors
demanded a reduction of duties on iron, to the rate
of fifteen percent, ad valorem; but that the results
of an inquiry, most thorough and complete, insti-
tuted by the Emperor, into the condition of char-
coal and coke furnaces, and conducted by the most
respectable and scientific men, demonstrated that
the British proposition, if accepted, would result
in Immediate and serious evils to this important
interest; and in place of adopting it, a maximum
duty of thirty per cent, was imposed on pigs,
bars, and castings, till the 1st October, 13G4, and
twenty-five per cent, afterwards, to be changed
to specifics. And on other descriptions of larger
size, and on rails, then beanng a duty of <>22 32
per ton, it was provided the duty should be le-
duced to thirteen dollars.
It is well known, Mr. Chairman, that one of the
chief obstacles to the progress of the iron manu-
facture in France has arisen from the gradual dis-
appearance of wood in the neighborhood of her
numerous furnaces. They are steadily losing this
fuel, as they lost it in England; but the English
had a decided advantage over the French, in the
proximity of the coal and ore mines. In France,
they are widely separated, so that there is diffi-
culty in supplying the loss of charcoal with coal
and coke. The French Government, sensible of
this, and that whatever of inconvenience the iron
interest might experience in competition with the
English article, under the reduced duties, wouM
ho more than compensated by the construction of
railroads that would connect the coal and the ore,
has declared its purpose,'as stated by the report
I have been considering, to restrain within just
limits the foreign competition by the projection
of such railroads, with the determination to pros-
ecute them to "completion. .And thus, as they
state, it is the purpose of the;Governmentto
come resolutely to the aid of Fi-ench-metallurgy."
I therefore, Mr. Chairman,submit that itis un-
just in those who profess hostility to theprinciple
of protection in this country, to c^aina <sn exem-,
plification of their theory in the action o$jFnvQce
and England. The common experience'of the
nations of the world, and more especially'our
expenence under the various systems which
from time to tijne prevailed with qs, admonishes
us that protection is the only policy that will lead'
us steadily and safely to that state of industrial
independence on which commerce c^n rest ^ritfi
secuiity. How long shall we close our ears to
the authoritative instructions ofexperience; which
teach us that just when we adopt protection, the
production of the country increases, and labpjr
finds its legitimate employment, and camtnerc©
flourishes; and when you abandon it, production
diminishes, labor is paralyzed, and commerce
languishes?
I believe the day is not distant when every
section of the Confederacy will feel the power of
truth, and, casting aside the fallacies of theorists,
will compel the Government to " come resolutely
to the aid" of the national industry. In many
parts of the northern and middle States there* has
long been a conviction in the public mind of its
necessity, and protection has thus become a car-
dinal doctrine of political faith. In the western
States, a general and decided impression of the
wisdom of the policy has gained a hold on the
sentiments of the people, who, the more they
come to value a home market for their cereals,
and the development of the exhaustless treasures
of mineral wealth that lie concealed beneath their
soil, the more zealously will they unite in a course
which will enable them to realize both.
The people of the South, too, though now* ill
opposition to the long-cherished sentiments of
many of their wisest and most eminent statesmen,
will,sooner or later, find, in a return to theirearly
principles of public economy, that no part of1 our
country is more deeply and directly interested in
the creation and maintenance of manufactures
than they. They will learn that when laborers
are fully employed, they are able not only to con-
sume more and better food, but more and better
clothing; and they will rejoice in the advantages
of sending their cotton to nulls at home, rather
than to those three thousand miles away. The
bill before us promises a large share of these ben-
efits, not to a few, not to a class, but to the whole
nation. We do not seek the mere agitation of an
abstract question concerning the development of
social and national strength; we do not provoke
controversy merely to triumph in the establish-
ment of an economic theory, nor yet to raise a
I "well-pronouncing Shibboleth" of partisan war-
| fare; none of these things, sir, none. We look to
| wholesome practical results, in which we earnestly
believe every class of our fellow-citizens has an
abiding interest.
We desne, by the passage of this bill, to rem-
edy actual pressing evils, and to prevent, as we
belie % e, still greater impending perils. The issue,
sir, is a serious one. Never have I known the
people so profoundly interested in a public meas-
ure. It will be no light thing to trifle with their
hopes and wishes. Pass the bill, and the restor-
ation of confidence will be instantaneous. Ener-
getic and enterprising men, with spirits revived
by your action, will set in motion the hand of in-
dustry before the time fixed for the operation of
the law. In the dwellings of the poor, too, your
action will be blessed with words of joy and glad-
ness, moie grateful than the favor of princes. If
the bill is to be defeated, let it be on a square,
manly issue, m which opposing convictions can
claim the respect always due to candor. If de-
feated by parliamentary arts, which either con-
ceal its enemies with "the vail of non-action, or
place them m the seeming attitude of friendship,
depend upon it the gauze will notcover the naked-
ness of the deception, and they who shall thus
stand in the way of the nation's prosperity will
be smitten, as with the plague, by the indignation
of the people.
