i860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arise, and too many, I admit, now exist, but it
is much better that they should continue-to be
unprovided for than that this great relation, upon
which so much of the happiness and welfare of
communities depends, should be trifled with or
weakened. Death alone should dissolve the
marriage bond.
Mr. BURNETT. I am as much opposed as
the gentleman from South Carolina, or as any
othei gentleman, perhaps, here, to throwing open
a wide door for parties who may be dissatisfied
with i heir marriage condition, and enabling them,
for a slight cause, to procure a divorce. But I
believe it is the history of the legislation of the
country, that in almost every State of the Union
we have divorce laws; and if the gentleman had
examined this bill, he would have found that the
causes foi which divorces may be granted from
the bonds of matrimony are specifically set foitli.
I have followed, in drafting the bill, the legisla-
tion of tile - States where the right of divorce is
most strictly guarded.
Mr. ICEITT. I object to it for any cause.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the ob-
jection of the gentleman from South Carolina goes
to the very principle of granting divorces, i ap-
prehend that there are certain causes for which
the relation of marriage ought to be dissolved.
I have endeavored to embody in this bill only
specific causes for which divorces may be granted
a vinculo nwlrimonii. I desire to amend the bill
ill the fifth section, so as to make it lead: that
unless the parties applying for the same shall
ha\e lesided within the District for two years
next preceding the application, they cannot ob-
tain a divorce. My object is to require it to be
the domicile of both parties; so that parties may
not come into this District for the purpose of pro-
cv.nr.g a divorce. I move to amend the bill in
that particular; and on that I demand the previous
question.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question one moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I must decline to do so.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should like to
undeistand the force and effect of that amend-
ment. It seems to me that the bill will limp if that
amendment be carried, unless a further alteration
be made. The amendment is made to read ^'un-
less the -parties applying for the same." Now,it
is very rare that both parties apply. Only one
party applies.
* Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw the amendment;
and 1 demand the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Air. KE1TT. I move to lay the bill upon the
table; and upon that I call for telleis.
Tellers were ordered; and Alcssrs. Keitt and
Biffixtox were appointed.
Mr. BURNETT. I suggest to the gentleman
from South Carolina to let us have fhe yeas and
nuvs on the passage of the bill, and he will thereby
save time.
Air. KE1TT. I want to save time by laying
the bill 011 the table.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
'So the House refused to lay the billon the
table
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky to withdraw the previous
question, to enable me to oiler an amendment. _
Mr. BURNETT, lmustdeclineto withdrawit.
The proMous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly lead the third time.
"Mr. KEITT. 1 ask that the engrossed bill be
1("riio SPEAKER. The bill has been icad.
Mr. KEITT. 1 call for the engiosseJ bnltooe
read. , , , , ,
Mr. YALLANDIGHAM. I heard the gentle-
man from South Carolina call for the reading of
the engrossed bill before the Clerk began to read.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from South
Carolina states that he called forthe reading ot
the engrossed bill, then it will be read.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House do
now adjourn; and on, that I call loi the yeas an
nays. ,
Mr. BRANCH. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina that I am, with him,
equally opposed to this bill; but there is a mode
by which the engrossment can be had, and there-
fore I suggest that ho withdraw the demand, and
let us have the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill. I am asrdesirous as he is to defeat the
bill, but we cannot do it in this way.
Mr. KEITT. I withdraw the call.
Mr. BURNETT. I now withdraw the motion
to adjourn, and call for the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Adrain, Akltieh,
William C. Anderson, Avery, Baiksdale, Bingham, Blake,
Brah-,on, Drayton, Brittow, Buicli, Burnett, Burnham,
Butteiiicid, Gaiter, Case, Jolm Cochrane, Cox, James
('tain, Ciawford, Cuitis, II. Winter Davis, Jolm G. Davis,
Reuben Davis, Dncll, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot,English, Eth-
eudge, Foster, Fouke, Grow, Gurl.iy, Hardeman, J. Mor-
rison Hams, Jolm T. Ham*, Hoiimck, Hill, Houston,
Ilughcs, Ilutchms, It-vino, Junkin, Kilgore, DeWitt C.
Loach, James M. Leach, Loomis, Love. Mallory, Marston,
Chaiies D. Martin, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Mor-
rill, Morse, Nelson, Pendleton, Peyton, l'lielp-,, Porter,
Potter, Pugh, itiee, Christopher Robinson, Itojce, Rust,
Scluvartz, Sedgwick,' Singleton, William N. H. Smith,
Spauldmg, Spinner, Stalhvorth, William Stewart, Stokes,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tiimblc, Vandever, Van
W\ek,Waldi'on, Walton, Wells, Winrtom, and Wright—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Akliinorc, Ban, Beale, Bocock,
Benham, Boteler, liouligny, Boyce, liianeh, Bufflnton,
Horace F. f.'lailc, John 1!. Clailt. Clopton, Cobb, Colfax,
Burton Craise, Cutiy, Davidson, De Jarnettc, Ednnmdsoti,
Edwaids, Ely, rarnswoith, Feuy, Floieiice,Gamett, Gar-
treli, Graham, ilatton, Iliudmamlloatd, Ilolinan, William
Hownid, William A. Howaid, Iluraphiey, Jackson, Jones,
Keitt, Kcnvon, Kunkel, Landnim, Leake, Lee, Lovejov,
Maciay, McKeaii, McKmght, McUueeu, Miles, Mill.-on,
Moorhead, Noell, Perry, Piyoi, Reagan, ltiggs, Kuflni,
Scotl, Stevens, James A. Stewait, Taylor, Tlieaker,
Thomas, Undetwood,Vallandigham.CadwaladerC. Wash-
burn, and Elliliu B. VVasliburne—OS.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to rcconsider tlie vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAVERN LICHEES.
Mr. CARTER. I now move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion
from the further consideration of Senate bill No.
' 261, to authorize the levy court to issue tavern
and other licenses in the District of Columbia.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and the Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
The bill was read. It transfers the authority
now exercised by the circuit court of the county
of Washington, in the District of Columbia, un-
der and by virtue of the ninth section of the act
of Congress entitled "An n.ct additional to and
amendatory of an act entitled 'An act concerning
the Distiict of Columbia,' " approved May 3,
1802, so far as the same relates to the licensing
taverns and ordinaries, so as to authorize the levy
court of Washington county, 111 the District ot
Columbia, to grant licenses to keepers of taverns
and ordinaries, to hawkers and peddlers, billiard
tables, bowling saloons, and auctioneers, 111 that
part of the county of Washington beyond the
corporate limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, under such restrictions and penal-
ties sS the said levy couit may by law deem ex-
' 6The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CMITER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
: lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOTARIES PUBLIC.
Mr. KILGORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
pass, House bill iNo. 622, to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take acknowl-
edgments of deeds of conveyance of it.a or pet
' ^IJUlUluao ivi    _ ,
ported back, witft a recommendation that it do
I -r I '11 ilftt.fl i'lCS
pas
put
edg
soiicil estate therein. . ,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and lead
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accotd-
insrly read the third time, and passed .
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed fo." "
INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS'. : '
Mr. CARTER moved to discharge the Com-
mittee-of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of Senate bill Ho.
252, to incorporate the Grand Lodge of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows in the District -of
Columbia.
Mr. BRANCH. Why does the gentleman from
New York pursue this course with these bills?
The next business in order is to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of considering these bills. Why not,
then, let them remain in committee, and go there
and take them up and examine them as much as
is necessary, and report them to the House with
a recommendation that they do pass?
Mr. CARTER. There is no appropriation in
these bills, and they can as well be examined in
the House as in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. Itdoes not follow that because
they make no appropriation it is not proper to
discuss them in the Committee of the Whole on
tlie state of the Union. If this course would really
obstruct the business of the District, I would not
propose it; but I do not see that it will obstruct
it in the least. By going into the committee we
can discuss those bills that appear to need dis-
cussion .
Mr. CARTER. I do not want to prevent dis-
cussion.
TOST OTJ?ICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a privileged question.
1 am instructed, by the committee of conference
appointed on the part of the House to consult
with the committee of the. Senate in reference to the
disagreement of tiic two Houses on the appropria-
tion "bill involving the question of the restoration
of the service, to report that after three meetings
we have been unable to agree. I am instructed
by the majority of the committee, in order-to
lessen the disagreement between the two bodies,
to move to concur in the Senate amendment by
striking it out and restoring ours with the proviso
which I will read. It is simply that the friends
of the restoration may be able to place themselves
on grounds more satisfactory to the Senate.
Mr. BURNETT. If this matter takes up 110
time, I will not object to it.
Mr. COLFAX. It is a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question,
but it does not override the special order.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, if it does not con-
sume any time, I will not object
Mr. COLFAX. It will take no time.
Mr. KUNKEL. Is it competent for a major-
ity of the managers 011 the part of the two Houses
to make a report at all ?
The SPEAKER. The majority of the com-
mittee may make a report. ,
Mr. KUNKEL. I think not. If the Manual
be examined, it will be found that the practice of
Parliament is, that when there is no concurrence
011 the part of the managers of both Houses, it is
not competent for the committee of conference to
make a report at ail. That is the parliamentary
law with reference to conferences. The report
cannot be called up now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bocock 111
the chair.) The Chair has already stated that, if
there is objection, the report cannot be called up
now. „ ,.
Mr. KUNKEL. I object.
Mr CRAWFORD. 1 desire to say tothegen-
tleman from Maryland that tlie gentleman from
Indiana simply wishes to make a report from the
committee of conference, stating that tliey are un-
able to agree. I do not suppose that he is seek-
ino- to make any addition to the confVronco report.
He desires to report the simple fact that they are
unable to a 'ree; and to move that the House in-
sist 011 its disagreement to the Senate amendment,
and that another committee of conference be asked
°Mr. COLFAX. I will state that I am instructed
by the whole committee to make that report; but
I am also instructed by the majority of the com-
mittee on the part of the House to move to ex-
cept the overland mail routes, about which theie
has been so much complaint, from the service to
