2800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
bo restored, so as to lessen the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If the gentleman insists
on putting the original proposition of the House
in a better shape, so as to place his friends in a
better position before the country, I myself shall
feel it my duty to object.
Mr. BURNETT. We have but one day for
the business of the District of Columbia, and I
must object to this interruption.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I make the point of order
that the chairman of the conference committee on
the part of the House cannot report anything to
the House except that we were unable to agree.
He cannot move now to change the bill as it
passed the House.
Mr. CARTER. Is this discussion in order ?
Mr. BURNETT. I understood the Chair to
decide that the repoit could not override the spe-
cial order. I told the gentleman from Indiana
that I would not object if it was not going to give
rise to debate. As it has done so, I do object.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman from Indiana
asks merely to make a report from the commit-
tee of conference, I take it that that is in order at
all times, for it is a privileged question that over-
rides all others. I could cite the Chair to one or
two precedents during the last Congress; but I
presume he has 110 doubt upon that point.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
entertain a motion to appoint another committee
of conference.* When the point of order was first
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, the fact
appearing to the Chair that there was a special
order for to-day, the Chair was of opinion that
nothing could override that special order. The
Manual, however, says that the repoitof a com-
mittee of conference is, under the practicc of the
House, so highly privileged, that it is held to be
in order even pending a motion for a call of the
House. The Chair will, therefore, entertain such
areportasthegentlemanfrom Indiana proposed to
make, that the committee %vere unable to agree,
and null also put amotion for the appointment of
another committee of conference; but the Chan-
does not tlunk that the proposition of the ma-
'ority of the committee is such a motion as could
)e put at this time, to the exclusion of the special
order.
Mr. COLFAX. I only wish it to go upon rec-
ord that we have made an offer to lessen the dis-
agreement between the two Houses, and that gen-
tlemen on the other side are not. disposed to acceile
to it.
Mr. BRANCH. I am not disposed to permit
anything of the kind to go upon the record.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The whole ease is this:
When the conference committee met, they were
wholly unable to agree. In making some efforts
to agree, however, certain propositions made on
the pait of the majority of the House committee
were not acceded to at all.
Mr. COLFAX. What transpired in commit-
tee should not be referred to here.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I admit that to be true,
unless it be in explanation of what the gentleman
himself, as chairman of the conference on the
part of the House, has already brought to tho
knowledge of the House. Now, whatever may
have transpired in the committee, any proposition
which they submitted, cannot be brought before
the House now, for the purpose of placing the
friends of the restoration of the mail service in a
better position than tliey occupied when the bill
passed the House.
Mr. COLFAX. The proposition was made in
good faith,for the purpose of endeavoring to bring
the two Houses to an agreement.
Mr. CRAWFORD. And we acted in the com-
mittee 011 reasons satisfactory to ourselves.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this dis-
cussion is not in order, I object to it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order.
ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS.
On motion of Mr. CARTER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union was then discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a bill (S. No. 252) to incor-
porate the Grand Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows of the District of Columbia.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote
£
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL GALLERY AND SCHOOL OF ARTS.
On motion of Mr. CARTER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was discharged from the further con-
sideration of a bill (S. No. 287) to incorporate the
National Gallery and School of Arts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and it was brought before the
House for consideration.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the
legal representatives of five deceased clerks in the
Philadelphia custom-house;
An an (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Galloway;
An act (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of W. Y.
Hanscll, the heirs of W. H. Underwood, and the
representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
An act (H. R. No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
ment;
An act (H. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
An act (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. IC.
Doebler;
An act (H. R. No. 342)"* for the relief of James
Phelan;
'An act (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogerson & Son, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the British brig Jessie;
An act (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Sylvester Day, late a sur-
geon in the United States Army;
An act (II. R. No. 680) foi the relief of Gottlieb
Schccrer;
An act (H. R. No. 627) for the relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
ceased ;
An act (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of Charles
James Lanman;
An act (H. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
W. Wood, of the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Lacy, of Grainger county, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 245) for tlierelief of Mary-
ettVan Buskirk;
An act (H. R. No. 262) for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Francois Guillory;
An act (H. R. No. 237) for the relief of An-
thony ScMander-; and
An act (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Crum.
NATIONAL GALLEKY AGAIN.
Mr. PETTIT. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional clause to the last section of the bill:
But it shall not be lawful for the, corporation herpby cre-
ated to adopt any s> stem of lottery or any chance as a
means of revenue, or in distributing any works of art.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIAN SOCIETY. #
Mr. CARTER. I ask the consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of House bill No. 766, to incorporate the Guardian
Society, and reform juvenile offenders in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill was read. «
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object to the commit-
tee being discharged from the consideration of that
bill; and, whenever it does come up, I desire to
call attention to the second section.
PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATION,
Mr. CARTER. I now move that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on tho state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 767, to incorporate the American
Pharmaceutical Association,m Washington city,
in the District of Columbia.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object to that bill
It certainly contains unwarranted powers.
RAILROAD BILLS.
Mr. CARTER. 1 now desire to report from
the Committee for the District of Columbia two
bills, and have them referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER thereupon reported a bill to ex-
tend the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
into the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill to authorize the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad*Company to extend the Washing-
ton branch of their road to the Potomac river, and
across tho same by an extension of the present
structure known as the Long Bridge, for the pur-
pose of connecting with the Virginia road at that
point; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BURNETT. That bill makes no appro-
priation, and we may as well consider it in the
House as in committee.
Mr. CARTER. The other railroad bill has
gone to the committee, and I suppose we might
as well consider them together. However, if
there be no objection, I will ask that this bill be
put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill being a regular
report from the Committee for the District of
Columbia, the gentleman has the right to have it
put upon its passage.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CARTER. I think, myself, that both bills
should be considered together.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would suggest,
then, that the other bill be brought back, and let
both bills be considered in the House.
Mr. CURTIS. I object.
Mr. DE JARNETTE. Will if be in order to
move to Jay that bill on the table r
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that will not be done.
1 understand the first bill has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Now, I desire that'this bill may be considerdtlin
the House, and passed. I presume, then, there
will be no objection to bringing the other bill out
of committee, and passing that. I believe the
question pending is to refer this bill. I hope the
motion will not be agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
object of the gentleman from New York to be to
consider the other bill first; and, if there be no
objection, the Chair will consider the other bill
as nqt having been referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and as being before the House for
consideration.
Mr. CURTIS. I have objected to that, and I
want this bill referred also. I think there is the
proper place to consider these bills.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire that this
bill shall be considered now in the House. It
makes no appropriation of public money; it sim-
ply grants liberty to the Baltimore and Ohio Rail-
road Company to extend their road through cer-
tain streets in the city of Washington, and to
extend it across the Potomac river by building a
bridge adjacent to the Long Bridge. It is a bill
of very great public interest, not only to the Dis-
trict, but to all those interested in the through
travel from the North to the South. I desire that
this bill shall not be postponed, or sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, but shall be considered now.
Mr. GROW. I desire to propose an amend-
ment to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri has the floor, and is entitled to proceed with-
out interruption.
Mr. PEYTON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland a question. He speaks of build-
ingabridge. Is it proposed that the Government
shall build the bridge? And where is it proposed
that the bridge shall be built?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The bill which is
reported from the Committee for the District of
Columbia proposes to allow the company to build
