836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Senator from California had the floor, in order to
mako that rfiotion. I have not yielded the floor to
anybody.
Mr. HAXJN. I ask .the Senator from New
Hampshire to yield the floor until I o.an make a
motion to postpone the special order half an hour.
• Mr. CLARK. I -would yield to the Senator
from California, under any ordinary circum-
stances; but I really hope ho will not press his
, motion now. I cannot yield.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, before I 
Mr. MALLOR Y I rise to a question of order.
I do not wish to interrupt the Senator from New
Hampshire, but I wish to state that the bill (No.
32) to increase and modify the pay of the Navy,
was made' the special orderfor to-day, previous to
the special order made on the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and naturally it takes
precedence of it. If he is prepared to speak at
this time, I will make no objection to that.
Mr. CLARK. I am prepared to speak, and de-
sire to go on.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to have the
bill I refer to so displaced as to give place to all
other business; but I waive it with the under-
standing that we may take it up at some other
time.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President 
Mr. CLARK. I do not yield the floor, and do
not wish to be interrupted.
Mr. SLIDELL. I rise precisely to the ques-
tion whether the Senator has the right to the floor
or not. That is the question which I am about
to submit to the Senate. I think it is very im-
portant that we should have some fixed and estab-
lished rule as to the mode of conducting business.
In the first place, I have always understood that
the elder special order took precedence of the
younger,although the younger special order might
Eerhaps be called up at the precise day which had
een designated for it. In the next place, I was
under the impression that the bill for the regula-
tion of banks in the District of Columbia was the
unfinished business of Thursday, when the Sen-
ate last met; and if that be the ease, it is now, by
the rules of the Senate, the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I will state to
the Senator from Louisiana that I was not in the
chair at the close of the last session; and, if the
fact be as he states, the unfinished business is the
first business 111 order.
Mr. SLIDELL. There can be 110 mistake on
that subject as to the fact.
Tlie P RES I DENT pro tempore. TheChairsup-
posed that theSenatorfromNew Hampshire had
the floor on the resolutions of the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. SLIDELL. The other is the special or-
der.
Mr. CLARK. J understood this to bo assigned
as the spccial order for half past one o'clock to- .
day. The other business was left as the unfin-
ished business of Thursday. Now, does that
override this special order?
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The unfinished
business overrides all special orders.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the Senator will give
way, and lot me go on at this time, as I desire to :
do so. J shall be obliged to be absent from the ■
city for the next two weeks, and I hope I shall
be allowed to go on now, under these circum-
stances.
Mr. SLIDELL. If we can have a perfect un-
derstanding on the subject, I shall not object. In
the first place, I desire to know whether this de-
bate is to he protracted; and whether this is to be
considered hereafter, at the eloso of this day, as
the unfinished business of the day? In the "next
place, I desire to knew whether there is a prob-
ability, according to the intimation made by the
Senator from New Hampshire, that the Senate
will adjourn very shortly; and in the last place,
although the question may, perhaps, be somewhat
indiscreet, 1 should like to know how loii"- the
Senator is going; to speak? °
Mr. CLARK. Well, sir, I will say to the Sen-
ator, m Bible language, that I will speak as the,
spirit gives me utterance*
Mr. SLIDELL. Then, I shall be obliged .from
past experience of the brevity of the Senator to
object.
Mr, CLARK. I will give him the best inform- i
ation I have. I may speak from an hour and a
half to two hours.
Mr. SLIDELL. I insist on the special order.
Mr. CLARK. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair; or rather, I will move to postpone the
unfinished business of Thursday, so that I may
be enabled to go on.
Air. BENJAMIN. I will vote for that motion
very cordially if the Senator will allow us first to
get through with a joint resolution from the House
of Representatives, which must be paused this
morning or become worthless; and that is the
resolution making an appropriation of the money
necessary to inaugurate the statue of Washington
on Wednesday.
Mr. CLARK. I will say, as I said before, that
I am willing that shall be taken up if, after that,
I shall not be interrupted.
- Mr. SLIDELL. Then, Mr. President, I want
to have an understanding, too, that the bill,*which
ought to be passed to-day, and would be passed
if the Senate sat until the usual hour, and it were
not interfered with by the speech of the Senator
from New Hampshire, shall betaken up at the
closc of to-day's session, to bc®considerea as the
unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that at all.
Mr. HAMMOND. Now, then, I suppose,
Mr. President, I may make my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the as-
sent of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I will yield to that motion.
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
On motion of Mr. HAMMOND, the House
joint resolution (No. 8) making an appropria-
tion for the inaugurating of the equestrian statue
of Washington, was read twice, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It appropriates
&10,000, to be expended by the Secretary of the
Interior in transporting and placing Mills's statue
of Washington on the pedestal designated by the
proper authorities, and ill the ceremonies appro-
priate to the occasion.
Mr.PUGH. I understand the Secretary of the
Interior only estimated $3,000 himself, as reported
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I have nothing to
say.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the state-
ment from some member of the committee, as to
what is the use to which the money is to be ap-
plied. Is there any construction to be made, or
what is to be done for which money is needed ?
Mr. HAMMOND. Well, sir, it is somewhat
difficult to say. There is a considerable sum
needed for construction. There is a very large
platform in course of erection there. Then, in-
vitations have been extended to the military m
various parts of the country to be present on the
occasion; and among other sums to be expended,
we invited the ordnance department to carry ar-
tillery there to fire a salute, and they made appli-
cation to us to pay for their horses, as they had
no contingent fund which they could use for that
purpose. There are various items of that sort; I
cannot now go into all the particulars. Every
one can have an idea of the particulars in which
money is to be spent in making a grand fete.
Mr. DAVIS. That is exactly the point to which
I intended to come. I am not willing to appro-
priate money to cover invitations in order to sus-
tain a pageant. Ours is not a Government of
games and shows; and unless there is some con-
struction to be made; some expanse which is prop-
erly to be incurred; something more than hiring
a few horses to pull cannon, I do not see why the
appropriation is presented for our consideration.
Mr. HALE. I will content myself with ask-
ing for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out " ten" and inserting " three. " I
am satisfied §3,000 is all that we can safely vote.
If there are any other expenses for the celebration
proper and necessary,and they be shown, I shall
be willing to vote for an appropriation for them,
but without some estimate I cannot vote beyond
$3,000.
Mr. HAMMOND. I should prefer that there
should be no appropriation at all, rather than
only §3,000. It would certainly break up the
whole programme of arrangements, and it mis-lit
to usby the Senator from Maryland; and while ; just as well be dropped at once. If the Senat-
I desire to be very liberal in this affair, it seems
to me that without some explanation it would be
unwise to add $7,000 to the estimate. I should
like to know what the $7,000 is to be for, over
and above the estimate of the Secretary.
Mr. HAMMOND. The Secretary of the In-
terior, no doubt, made his estimate in consequence
of Congress having appropriated only §3,000 to
the dedication of the Jackson statue; but the
Jackson statue was a private work of art. It
was made at the expense of some Democratic or
monumental association here. The Federal Gov-
ernment had nothing to do with it, except to attend
the celebration; and it was a compliment, merely
an addition to their funds, that it gave them $3,000.
It was on that datum, pvhaps, that the Secretary
made this estimate; moreover, the heads of
Departments are very chary of making large es-
timates about such matters now-a-davs.
chooses to take the responsibility of saying there
shall be no dedication of the statue in a manner
suited to the occasion, there is no appropriation
necessary at all except to pay the mechanics who
are constructing the work thus far, and perhaps
$500 would cover that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, this is
an occasion that will very seldom occur, and I do
not think that we ought to be verv nice now in
calculating the exact amount that "it will cost to
erect this statue of General Washington in tin*
face of his country. I do not cars what sum
proposed; I will vote for the largest sum that ^
proposed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wont to scj a single word
on the appropriation. I had not "the plrosuie of
listening to all that fell from the chairman of the
committee; and I do not know how extensive hi.~
.  .• -- '-^hey i, statement was in relation to the necessity or pro-
do not want to take the responsibility. The ji priety of this appropriation. I know of no pro-
j House of Representatives, without a word, passed jl vision in the Constitution that authorized you to
j the appropriation of $10,000, and I trust the Sen- jj construct this statue originally, except it be one
1 ate^iuH do the same || incidental to the ornamenting- of your public
Mi. l< LhhLNDKN. I should like to know j| grounds. You have done it. It lias been com-
what the necessity is. I said the other day that ]| pleted; and you now propose to inaugurate n
1 was opposed to the place where this statue was j] If you do so, 1 say it ouHit to be domain ar ai>-
to be erected, but that seems to be settled. I ;• propriate mannrr. If it"is not to In- done in an
slioulu, however, like to know on what estimate j, appropriate manner, la us not do it at all. 1 *av
this resolution has beenbased, that is all. Gen- j! that$10,000 is a very small sum for that punmsr.
M That is my judgment. It is a small sum nid. ed.
tleinen say §10,000. Will that money be neces-
sary? Is it really needed '
Mr. HAMMOND. You might dedicate that
statue just as you put up a mile-stone, and it
wmtld cost little or nothing. You might expend
&50,000 or #100,000, in making a grand occasion.
I cannotfell the little particulars, norcan anybody
make any exact and detailed estimate. All I know
is, that you might spend §100,000, or put it up for
fifty dollars. We fixed upon §10,000 as a suffi-
cient sum to make a handsome occasion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My inquiry is, whether
the committee of winch the honorable Senator
from South Carolina is chairman,* ascertained,
from the estimate they have made, that this
amount of money will be necessary?
Mr. HAMMOND. They reported this joint
resolution. J
• I would not be parsimonious, nor would 1 be ex-
; trava^ant. It is haidly just to say that it is a
j sum that comes up to a proper standard, in my
i judsment.
! Now, sir, what are the methods m which tin's
| money is to be expended? First, we are told, on
; estimates by those who understand, that it will
| cost Jd,000 for the fixtures around the statue for
| the accommodation of the audii'llcc, tin- putim'/
up of seats, &c,; and then the balance of tins
appropriation was predicated upon the idea that
there was to be a regiment fiom Now Ymk and
a regiment from Richmond; then- weic to h. - *•-
eral companies from .Baltimore, and one o
companies from Alexondiia; and it was ilu
post; of the committee to recommend a sum Mifii-
ciently large to entertain those troops while thi y
r t« o
.• put-
