414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
[June 6,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Reciprocity Treaty—Mr. Ely.
Ho. of Reps.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATY.
SPEECH. OF HON. ALFRED ELY,
OF SEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 6, 1860.
Thc House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. ELY said:
Mr. Chairman : On the 26th of March last I
li.-id the honor to move a resolution, which was
adopted by this House, calling upon the Presi-
dent of the United States for information relative
to the practical working of the treaty concluded
with Great Britain on the 5th day of June, 1854,
commonly called the reciprocity treaty. I will
thank the Clerk to read the resolution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the President of the United State* bo,
find fjc is hereby, requested tocommunieate to this House,
if, in' his opinion, not incompatible with the public inter-
est,.all the information in his possession relative to the
practical working of the reciprocity treaty concluded with
Great Britain on the' 5th day of June, 1854; whether the
ptovmciai government of Canada has not, tlnough its Le-
gislature, violated the spirit of the said treaty ; what has
been the p aetical effects of the thiidclaube of the said
treaty upon the interests of the respective countries; what
fncasures, if any, have been taken to procure correct in-
formation touching tho practical operations and effect of
the third chiuse of the said tieaty upon the inteiests of
Ameiican citizens, and whether, in his opinion, the said
third article of the baid treaty couhfnot, with advantage to
American interest5?, be cither amended or rescinded."
Mr. ELY. To this resolution no response has
yet been received. I .should have been much grat-
ified to have obtained the information called for by
the resolution before entering upon any discussion
of this subject. But, sir, as the session is draw-
ing to a close, I am unwilling to await longer the
dilatory movements of the Executive, before call-
ing the attention of this House, and of the whole
country, so far as I am able, to a question of vital
importance, not only to my constituents, but to
the people of our common country.
Sir, at this time, when the subject of a modifi-
cation of our tariff laws is challenging so much
attention in Congress and throughout the coun-
try, the practical operation of this reciprocity
treaty becomes a subject of peculiar inteiest to
the American statesman. To what extent it ties
our hands against legislation for the increase of
our revenue, or for the protection of American
industry and enterprise, becomes an inquiry of
great practical importance. You will find, sir,
that so long as this treaty remains in force, there
is one considerable branch of our foreign com-
merce from which we can raise no revenue, and
that there are some industrial interests of our cit-
izens to which we can afford no protection as
against foreign competition.
This treaty, according to its own terms, has, at
least, nearly six years to run. The fifth article
stipulates that it shall continue in force ten years
from the time of going into operation, and for the
fuither term of twelve months after either party
shall give notice of a desire to terminate it. This
notice may be given at the end of said ten years,
or at any time thereafter. It went into operation
in March, 1855, and so must remain in force until
March, 1866, unless it can be sooner abrogated
or annulled. One object which I have in desiring
to call the attention of Congress and of the coun-
try to this subject, is to awaken inquiry as to the
mode, if any there be, by which it can be abro-
gated or annulled, or its pernicious effects coun-
teracted and obviated.
Sir, this treaty was commended to us under the
alluring guise of a free-trade measure. It was
christened by the name of " reciprocity," to de-
lude us with the idea that it was to confer mutual
and reciprocal privileges upon the people of both
countries. The advocates of that Utopian theory,
universal free trade, were led to believe that it was
at least an important step in that direction, and
that the mutual benefits and blessings to flow from
it would vindicate the practical wisdom of that
theory.
^ To what extent the hopes and expectations
thus awakened have been lealizcd by the people
of this country, -we shall be enabled to judge
when we come to examine the operations of the
treaty in the light of practical experience.
The important feature of this treaty, and that
which gives it the title of " reciprocity," is the
third article, which provides that certain enumer-
ated articles, being the growth or produce of the
British colonies of North America or of the Uni-
ted States, shall be admitted into each country,
respectively, free of duty. The schedule of these
enumerated articles is as follows:
"Grain,-flour, and breadstuff's of all kinds; animals of all
kinds, fish, smoked and salted meats; cotton-wool, seeds,
and vegetables; undried fruits, dried fruits; fish of all
kinds; products offish and of ail other creaturGs living in
the water; poultry, eggs; hides, furs, skins or tails un-
dressed ; stone or marble in its crude or unwrougbt state;
slate; butter, cheese, tallow; lard, hams; manures; ores
of metals of all kmds; coal, pitch, tar, turpentine, ashes;
timber and lumber of all kinds, round, hewed,and sawed,
unmanufactured in whole or in part; tire-wood; plants,
shrubs and trees ; felts, wool; fish oil; rice, broom corn,
and bai-k; gypsum, ground or unground; hewn or wrought
oi unwrougbt burr or grindstones; dye-stuff*; flax, hemp
and tow, unmanufactured j unmanufactured tobacco;
rags."
Sir, you have but to glance your eye over this
schedule to perceive that there can be no "reci-
procity" in the arrangement, which admits a free
interchange between the two countries of the ar-
ticles embraced in it, and of those articles only.
It appears to have been prepared with special
reference to including every article of Canadian
production which can ever find a market in this
country, and excluding every production of this
country which could find a market in the British
North American colonies. The surplus produc-
tions of these colonies consist, almost exclusively,
of the very classes of articles embraced in this
schedule. These commodities constitute the en-
ure basis of their export trade; and we are their
nearest and best customers, and their largest con-
sumers. "We purchase from Canada moie of the
articles embraced in the schedule than she sells
to all the woild beside.
We arc also large producers of the same classes
of articles. Of most of them, we, in common with
Canada, produce a large surplus, which must seek
a market in some foreign country. But we never
have found, and never shall find, that market in
Canada, or in any of the provinces embraced in
the treaty. To Canada, the privilege of export-
ing to the United States free of duty the articles
embraced in the schedule, is one of incalculable
value. It is all that she could ask or desire—for
the schedule embraces everything she has to ex-
port. To us, the privilege of exporting the same
articles duty free to Canada, is but the barren
privilege of " carrying coals to Newcastle."
It is true that Canada, and the other British
provinces embraced in the treaty, would open to
us a most desirable market for a great variety of
the productions of our manufactories, and our
workshops, if they could go there duty free, or
at reasonable rates of duty. They would furnish
a valuable maiket fui our leather, boots, and
shoes, and other manufactures of leather; for our
reaping, mowing, and threshing machines, and
other agricultural implements; for our multifari-
ous manufactures of iron, of steel, of brass, and
other metals; for our carriages, saddlery, and har-
ness; for our machinery, our fire-arms, and our
edge-tools; for our cotton, woolen,and India-rub-
ber goods, and for an almost endless variety of
the products of Yankee ingenuity, industry, and
enterprise, which I shall not attempt to enumer-
ate. But all these pioductions are excluded from
the schedule with as scrupulous a care as every
conceivable article of Canadian production which
can find a market in this country is included in
it. And not only are they excluded from the list
of articles made fiee by the treaty, but the colo-
nial authorities aic left at liberty to increase their
imposts upon them at pleasure—a privilege they
have exercised to the point of prohibition in re-
spect to many of them.
Mr. Chairman, when the Presidentshall, in his
own good time, respond to the resolution which
has just been read, he will doubtless send us a
copy of the report recently made by Hon. Israel
T. Hatch, of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, who was appointed a spe-
cial agent to examine into the operations of this
treaty, and repoit thereon. I desired much that
that document should be communicated to this
House before I should proceed to the discussion
of this subject; but 1 am not wholly ignorant
of the character of its contents. "When it shall
be made public, if I am not greatly mistaken,
it will be found to justify, and more than justify,
all that I have said, or shall say, in denunci-
ation of this treaty as an unmitigated cheat and
swindle.
I propose to examine, first, the effects of this
treaty upon our Federal revenues. During the
year 1854, which was the last year previous to
the taking effect of the treaty, we derived a reve-
nue from articles imported from Canada alone,
which are now made free by the treaty, of about
§1,250,000, and, including all the provinces em-
braced in the treaty, amounting to more than
$1,500,000. Assuming that the revenues from
these sources would have continued to increase,
since that year, in the same ratio that it had in-
creased for five years previously, it would have
now reached nearly $2,000,000 per annum, if the
treaty had never been made, and would have
amounted in the aggregate,sincethe time that the
treaty took effect, to more than eleven million dol-
lars. But this branch of our foreign commerce,
instead of yielding us an annual revenue of some
§2,000,000, is now, under the operation of the
treaty, an actual drain upon the Treasury to the
extent of about fifty thousand dollars per annum.
For, since the treaty went into operation, the rev-
enue received at the various ports of entry on our
northern frontier has so fallen off that the ex-
penses of collecting it, during the last four years,
exceed the gross receipts by the sum of $189,730.
And yet, to guard against the surreptitious intro-
duction of foreign merchandise through these
northern ports, it is absolutely necessary to main-
tain the same custom-house organization on our
northern frontier, and at the same expense as
when duties were collected on the articles which
now come in duty free.
Mr. Chairman, the fact that this treaty has
operated to diminish our revenue, does not neces-
sarily condemn it. If the people have received
equivalents in some other form—if it has opened
new markets for the products of their labor; if it
has lightened the burdens imposed upon their ex-
port trade, or stimulated industry and enterprise
at home, these benefits should oe placed to its
credit, and set off against any loss to the Federal
revenues which may have resulted from it. But,
sir, an examination of its practical operations and
effects will reveal no such redeeming traits in its
character. It has tended, rather, to restrict than
to enlarge the foreign markets for our exportable
productions. It has imposed new burdens upon
our export trade, instead of lightening those which
before oppressed it. . And, instead of stimulating
domestic industry and enterprise, it has invited
the productions of foreign labor and foreign soils,
to compete with the productions of our own citi-
zens, in our own markets.
The effect of the treaty in throwing upon our
markets, duty free, a large increase of Canadian
productions, to compete with similarproductions
of our own soil, is strikingly exhibited by a little
table which I will now present. This table shows
the amounts of goods imported from Canada,
chargeable with duty, and free of duty, for four
years next preceding the treaty, in contrast with"
the amounts of both classes imported during four
years subsequent to the treaty.
IMPUIU'ATIOKS FROM CANADA TO THE UNITED STATES.
Prior to the Treaty.
Free of duty. Subject to duty.
185 1 $1,529,685 $3,426,786*
185 2  761,571 3*28.398
1859  1,179,682 4.098^34
1854  380,040 6,340^493
.$3,850,979 $17,695,116
Subsequent to the Treedy.
Free of duty.
1856* .$10,847,822
1857   17,600,737
1858   11.287,618
J 859  33^703,748
$59,419,925
Subject to duty,
8040,31 u
691,097
313.953
504/J69
$2,150,394
From this table it will be seen that during the
i four years next succeeding the treaty, our im-
! ports from Canada amounted to nearly three times
as much as during the four years immediately
preceding its ratification. It will also be seen,
* Tiie importations of 18.~>5 are omitted, because they
were m part made before the treaty took effect, and m part
