1860.
THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
were here on the ground—not to pay them one
farthing for transportation in coming or going, or
in any other way, but simply to pay the expenses
they must necessarily be at while they were, in
one sense of the word, the guests of the nation
here. This sum will hardly do it. I am told
this morning that the New York regiment will
not be here. These are the only purposes to
which your money will be appropriated—1& pay
those .who are invited here as your guests. If the
New York regiment does not, come, undoubtedly
it will not take all this sum. If they come, it will
take this sum, economically spent.
Mr. PUGH. Have the committee invited these
companies?
Mr. HAMLIN. They have.
Mr. PUGH. Then I shall withdraw my amend-
ment, with a protest against this inviting of com-
panies from abroad. I withdraw my amendment,
if the Senate is already committed to the appro-
priation.
Mr. HAMLIN. This sum is a very small
amount, if you are disposed to do the thing in an
appropriate manner. •,
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
and was read the third time; and on the question,
" Shalfthe joint resolution pass?" r
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 38, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigley, Bingham,
Bragg, Bright, Brown, Chesnut, Clark, Clingman, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttlc, Durkee, Fitzpatrick, Foster,
Green, Grimes, Gwm, Ilamlin, Hammond, Haun, Hemp-
hill, Kennedy, Mallory, Nicholson, Polk, PoweiJ. Itice,
tiaulsbuiy, Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Ten Eyck, Thom-
bon, Wigfall, and Wilson—38.
NAYcS —Messis. Chandlei, Clay, Davis., Fessendcn,llale,
Harlan, Ivorson, Johnson of Tennessee, Pugh, Sumner,
Toombs, Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
So the joint resolution was passed.
RELATIONS OF THE STATES.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, sub-
mitted by Mr. Dayis on the 2d instant:
1. Resolvedy That, in the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution, the States adopting the same acted severally a*
free and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of
their poweis to bi; exercised by the Fedeial Governmentfor
the increased security of each against dangers, domestic as
well as foreign ; and that any intermeddling by any one or
inoie States, or by a combination of their citizens, with the
domestic institutions of the others, on any pretext, whether
political, moral, or religious, with the view to their disturb-
ance or subversion, i< in violation of the Constitution, in-
sulting to the States^o interfered with, endangers their
domestic peace and tranquillity—objects for which the Con-
stitution was formed—and, by necessary consequence,
selves to weaken and destroy the Union itself.
* 2. Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists in fifteen
States of this Union, composes an impoi tant portion of their
domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors, and
existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is
recognised as constituting all Important element of the ap-
portionment of powers among the States; and that no change
of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slaveholdmg
States of the Union in relation to this institution, can justify
them or their citizens in open and. systematic attacks thereon
with a view to in overthrow; aiid that all such attacks are
in manifest violation of the mutual and solemn pledge to
protect and defend each other, given by the States, respect-
ively, on cnteung into the constitutional compact which
formed the Union, and arc a manilest breach of faith, and
a violation of the ino^t solemn obligations.
3. Resolved, That the Union of these States re^ts on the
equality of rights and privileges among its members; and
that it l* especially the duty of the Senate, which represents
the States in their sovereign capacity, to resist ail attempts
to discriminate either in 1 elation to person or property, so
as, in the Teiritorics, which are the common possession of
the United States, to give advantages to the citizens of one
State which are not equally secured to those of every other
State.
4. Resotved, That neithcrCongress nor a Territorial Legis-
latuie, whether by direct legislation or legislation of an in-
direct and unfiiendly nature, possess the power to annul
or impair the constitutional iisht of any citizen of the Uni-
ted States to take his ^lave pioperty into the common ter-
riio.-ie*; but it is the duty of the Federal Government there
to afford, lor that as toi other species of property, the need-
ful protection; and. if expeiience should at anytime prove
that the judiciary does not posses* power to insure adequate
protection, it will then become the duty of Congress to sup-
plv such deficiency.
5. Resolved, That the inhabitants of an organized Terri-
tory of the United States, when they nghtfully form a con-
stitution to be admitted as a State into the Union, may then,
for the fir>t time, like the people of a State, when forming
a new constitution, decide for themselves whether slavery,
as a domestic institution, shall be maintained or prohibited
within their jurisdiction; and if Cmigre^ shall admit them
as a State, "they shall be leeeived into the Union with or
without slaveiy, as then constitution may prescribe at the
time of their admission."'1
6. Resolved, That the provision of the Constitution for
the rendition of fugitives from semceoi labor," withoutthe
adoption of which the Union could not have been formed,"
and the laws of 1793 and 1850, which were enacted to se-
cure its execution, and the main features of which, being
similar, boar the impress of nearly seventy years of sanc-
tion by the highest judicial authority, have*unquestionable
claim to the respect and observance of all who enjoy the
benefits of our compact of Union ; and that the acts of State
Legislatures to defeat the purpose or nullity the roquhe-
ments of that provision, and thy laws made in pursuance
of it, are hostile in character, subversive of the Constitu-
tion, revolutionaty in their effect, and, if persisted in, must
sooner or later, lead the States, injured by such breach of
the compact, to exercise their judgment as to the proper
mode and measure of redress.
Mr. CLARK. Here, Mr. President, is a se-
ries of six resolutions presented by the Senator
from Mississippi. There are many things in them
in which I do not entirely concur; there are some
things in them from which I entirely dissent; but
I propose, at this time, to confine myself entirely,
or almost entirely, to the fourth resolution of the
series. It is this:
"Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial Legis-
lature, whetner by direct legislation or legislation of an in-
direct and unfriendly nature, possess the power to annul or
impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the United"
States to take his slave property into the common territo-
ries ; but it is the duty of the Federal Government theie to
afford, for that as for other species of property, the needful
protection; and, if experience should at any tune prove
that the judiciary does not possess power to insure adequate
prutcction, it will then become the duty of Congress to
supply such deficiency."
This resolution, Mr. Pi*esident, is bold and ag-
gressive in its character; it is alarming. It calls
for a species of legislation entirely new in the his-
tory of the legislation of this Government, and at
variance with its past policy. But, before 1 pro-
ceed to discuss the resolution, I want to call the
attention of the Senate to an extract from a speech
made by Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Senator
elect from Kentucky, at Frankfort, in that State,
on the 21st of December, 1859:
" In this connection, I do not hesitate to say that the aim
of every good eitizcn should be to keep the question of sla-
very out of Congiess. Its agitation there has been pioduc-
tive only of evil to us, ami that continually. In the present
condition of public affans, T can see no motive to thrust the
territorial question on the congressional arena, that has its
origin in a feeling ot loyalty to the Union. At present, the
slavery question, in this aspect of it, is not before Congress.
No southern Senator or Representative proposes legislation
upon it. No complaint of violated rights comes from any
Tcnitory. No evidence is offered tliat the Constitution, the
law*, and the courts, are not competent to"protect personal
right and private property. Ilence, while I would never
abandon a constitutional right, especially after it had been
judicially determined, I never would prematurely raise any
question to distract the country, when no voice demands it,
North, South, East, or West."
I have read that extract, not to blame the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] for
introducing these resolutions here, nor to blame
the other Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
for introducing certain resolutions^which he pre-
sented, nor to blame any Senator for introducing
any resolution; nor do I do it to put the honorable
Mr. Breckinridge in the position of blaming
those Senators, when he said that no southern
Senator asks for legislation on the subject of sla-
very, in the Territories. That is not my object.
I do it for the purpose of calling the attention of
the Senate to what I call the modem history of
slavery agitation in this country, going back for
the last ten years, and for the purpose of correct-
ing what I think is an erroneous impression, that
the northern people, and especially the Republi- ;;
can party, are those who are responsible for the jj
agitation of the slavery question here in Congress, i j
I ask the attention of the Senate and of Senators j;
to the position of n flairs now, and to the progress
of affairs since 1858. at the time when the com- jj
promise measures of that period were introduced ^
into Congress. At that time Mr. Webster said,
in a speech which he made on the 7th of March,
1850, that the question of slavery was settled in
every foot of the territory that then belonged to
the United States. This is his language:
"And I now «ay, sir, as the proposition upon which I
stand this day. and upon the truth and finances of which I
intend to act until it is overthrown, that there is not, at this
moment, within the United States, or any territory of the
United States, a single foot of land, the character of which,
m regard to its being free-soil terrimiy or slave territory, is
not fixed by some law, and some irrepeaiahle law, beyond
the power of the action of this Government."—Cungrev-
sional Globe, Thirty-First Congress, first session, part one.
volume 21, page 4*9. \\
If every foot of the territory of the United States
was then fixed by an irrepealable law, as regards
its being free territory or slave territory, what has
been the necessity of any agitation of the question
of slavery in Congress in regard to the Territo-
ries since that time ? What did you do, sir, and
what has been done ? I speak now of the Demo-
cratic party. In 1852, in the convention of the
Democratic party, they.resolvcd in substance that
slavery agitation should be kept out of Congress;
and yet, m the year 1854, when t^jey came into
Congicsh, the Democratic party commenced agi-
tation, stirred up the country in a way that it has
never been stirred up before, by the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and threw the whole coun-
try into commotion on that subject. 1 may say
that the Republican party is the child of slavery
agitation in Congress; it was brought into exist-
ence by the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and the repeal of the Missouri compromise was
carried through, advocated, and perfected by the
action of the Democratic party in Congress.
What was next done ? In 1856 the same Dem-
ocratic party, meeting in convention, by its dele-
gates at Cincinnati, resolved the same tiling over
again, that there should be no more agitation on
the subject of slavery in Congress. Mere is the
resolution:
" That the Democratic party will resist ail attempts at
renewing, in Congress or out of it, the agitation of the sla-
veiy question, under whatever shape oi color the attempt
may be made."
That was in 1856. In 1850 you resolved that
you would have no agitation. In 1852 you re-
solved that you would have no agitation. In 1854
you had agitation, and repealed the Missouri
compromise; and in 1856 you resolved again that
you would have no agitation; and in 1857, and
the first part of 1858, you brought in your Le-
compton constitution, obtained over the people of
Kansas by fraud and oppression, and you began
to agitate again; m 1858you brought in your Cuba
question, and began to agitate again; and then, in
1859, you bring in your resolution of investiga-
tion; you bring in these resolutions; and so you
agitate from year to year, while from year to year
you resolve that you will not agitate. The Dem-
ocratic party put forth in their resolutions that
they will not agitate the^question of slavery; yet
here, from month to month, from session to ses-
sion, they arc continually bringing forward meas-
ures for its agitation; and these resolutions are
here, not from the Democratic party as a party,
to be sure, but from members of the Democratic
party. I find no fault with their action; I only
design to show what has been the course of the
Democratic party on this subject, and that the
Republican party is not to blame for the agita-
tion.
Mr. President, I have observed one thing in the
history of this slavery agitation: that whenever
the Democrats, by their delegates, go into a con-
vention on the eve of a presidential election, they
say they will have no agitation; but when that
occasion is past, and they come into Congress,
they are the very people to agitate the question. *
I do not know now but that, when the delegates
of the Democratic party go down to Charleston
this year, they will again resolve that there shall
be no agitation. Most probably they will; and
when they return here, these questions will be
renewed and carried forward. •
But to return to the resolution. I said this res-
olution was bold and aggressive. 1 said it was
alarming. I said that it sought for legislation so
much at variance with the history and policy of .
the Government in regard to the Territories, that
it should command the attention of the country.
When you proposed to establish the Missouri
compromise, m 1820a slavery was timid and cau-
tious. It did not seek for the whole territory. It
said: " Grant us Missouri as a slave State, and
from the territory north of 36© 30' north latitude
slavery shall be entirely excluded. Give us this
small part ; you may take the rest." When you
wanted to secure the annexation of Texas, and
its admission into the Union as a State, you did
not say that Texas -should forever be doomed to
slavery. You said, let it come in as a slave State,
and then there shall be new States formed out of
it—not more than five, nor less than three; and as
to all that portion of Texas which is north ot 36^
30', it shr.ll be free territory; and as to the new
States which may be formed out of it south ot 36°
30', they shall be slave States or free States, just
as the people inhabiting them may desire. Sla-
very, then, was cautious—timid; not so bold as
now. When you desire to erect a territorial gov-
ernment in the territory acquired from Mexico,
