I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;'
iW
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
that while for four years next preceding the trea-
ty, more than four fifths of'all our importations
from Canada were subject to duty, for the four
years subsequent to it less than one twenty-ninth
part of them have contributed anything whatever
to our r€*renue. And even of the trifling amounts
of importations from that country which have
paid duties smce the treaty, less than one third
are the productions of Canada. Of the $2,150,394
paying duty during the four years subsequent to
the treaty, as shown by the foregoing table, iron,
hardware, and salt, articles notproducedin Canada
for exportation, make up the sum of $1,548,156,
being more than two thirds of the whole amount.
So that m fact, of all the productions of Canada
which seek our markets, the proportion paying
duty is so utterly insignificant as to be wholly un-
worthy of consideration; ranging, one year with
another, somewhere between two and three per
centum only.
On the other hand, we still continue to pay
heavy and increased duties upon much more than
one half of all our exports to Canada, as will
appear by another table which I now present,
showing the value of our exports to that country,
paying duty and free of duty, for the four years
next succeeding the year that the treaty took
effect:
Value of goods exported from the United States to Canada.
Paying duty. Free of duty.
185 5 ftl'l ,445,472 $9,.*79,204
185 6  Id,770,933 9,933,586
185 7  9,966,430 10,2o&.2:>0
185 8  8,473,607 7,161,958
$42,660,432 $36,732,968
Of the articles which go to make up this item
of $36,732,968, exported to Canada free of duty,
only a small proportion have gone in free because of
the treaty, the leading varieties having been admit-
ted free before the treaty existed. Wheat, for in-
stance, one of the large items on the list of our free
exports to Canada, was admitted free before the
treaty, and would have continued so if the treaty
had never been made, because it is the interest of
Canadian millers and ship-owners to have it so
admitted. It does not go to Canadafor consump-
tion there—Canada herself producing much more
wheat than she consumes. It is either returned
to us in the form of Hour, duty fiee, or shipped
abroad. In either case the effect is rather preju-
dicial than beneficial to American industi-y and
enterprise. If it goes to Canada merely to be
converted into flour and returned to us, our mill-
ers lose the profit of manufacturing it. If it goes
there to be shipped to Europe, in foregn bottoms,
our ship-owners lose the profits of carrying it.
„So, although our wheat does not go into Can-
ada free of duty, because of the treaty, it would
be no argument m favor of the treaty even if it
did. Indian corn, another prominent item in the
free list, was also free before the treaty, and would
have remained free independent of the treaty,
because Canada is not herself a corn-producing
country, and finds it to her advantage to purchase
corn from us.
In the tables I have presented, of exports and
imports to and from the United States and Canada,
foreign merchandise, merely carried through the
respective countries, is included. To show the
effects of the treaty upon the industrial interests of
the two countries, however, foreign merchandise
should be excluded, and the domestic products of
the respective countries only embraced.
I now present, therefore, a table of the products
of the united States, exported to Canada, and
paying duties there, and of products of Canada
imported to this country,and paying duties here,
for the three years next after the treaty went fully
into effect:
Products of the United States paying duty in Canada..
1856 $7,981,284
J 857  6,203,320
1858    4,524,503
18,709,]Q7
Products of Canada paying duty in the United
States.
1856..     $136,370
1S37      160,086
3858  119,358
  415,814
Difference    ...    ,$13,293,293
The Reciprocity Treaty-—Mr. Ely.
Thus it appears, that while our people have
paid duties to Canada, on products of the United
States exported to that country, amounting to
$18,709,107, the people of Canada have paid du-
ties on products of their country exported'to this,
during the same years, amounting only to the piti-
ful sum of $415,814—the proportion being forty-
six to one. The Lord deliver us from such " re-
ciprocity " as this!
These, Mr. Chairman, are some of the legiti-
mate and nccessary effects of the treaty. But the
Canadian authorities, not content to rest upon the
immense advantages legitimately flowing from it,
have availed themselves of an indirect and inci-
dental power which it gives them, to impose upon
our export trade to that country, new and intoler-
able burdens. Eve?y year since the ratification of
the treaty, they have been regularly and systemat-
ically increasing their duties upon the leading ar-
ticles of American production seeking their mar-
kets, till these duties on many of them, amount
to a practical prohibition. Every year the Cana-
dian Parliament has passed a new tariff act, im-
posing additional burdens upon importations from
this country. The following table exhibits the
ad valorem duties that have been levied, by her
successive tariff acts, since the ratification of the
treaty, upon certain articles which we largely pro-
duce, and which in times past we largely exported
to that country. 185J 185g I857_ ]g5S> lg59
Boots and Shoes  12£ ]4i 20 21 25
Harness  12£ 17 20 21 25
Cotton goods  12£ 13£ 15 35 20
Iron goods  12£ 18£ 15 16 20
Wood goods  12£ 14 15 18 20
Molasses  16 11 It 18 20
Refined sugar  32 28 25 26£ 40
Other sugar S27-J- 2U 17$ 21 30
Mr. Chairman, you may tell me that these in-
creased and increasing impositions upon our export
trade to Canada are not the effects of the treaty.
I admit, sir, that they are not legitimate and neces-
sary effects of it; but they arc, nevertheless, justly
chargeable to it. If the treaty were not in exist-
ence, these burdens would not be imposed—we
could prevent them from being imposed, or, at
least, counteract their effects. If our hands were
not tied by the treaty, we could retaliate by im-
posing similar duties upon the productions of
Canada seeking our markets, and thus render it
unprofitable for the Canadian Parliament to in-
dulge in such legislation toward us. Hut having
bound us by the treaty to admit all her produc-
tions free of duty, without assuming any corre-
sponding obligation in respect to the productions
of this country which seek her markets, and with-
out even binding herself to abstain from imposing
additional burdens upon them at pleasure, we are
left wholly at her mercy. Sir, it is altogether
incomprehensible to me howourGovcrnmentcver
came to be so overreached at every point—how
it ever came to yield its assent to a treaty, the
legitimate workings of which are so much to our.
prejudice, without at least requiring some guar-
antee that it should not be made still more intoler-
able by such legislation as this. You may de-
nounce this legislation as being a breach of good
faith, and in violation of the spirit of the treaty—
and it deserves to be so denounced—but that will
not excuse the blind fatuity which led us into the
snare.
Sir, view this treaty from whatever stand-point
you may, it presents the same forbidding aspect.
Its effects upon our public revenues, and the pri-
vate interests of our citizens, are alike pernicious.
It is piejudicial alike to the interests of our farm-
ers and our mechanics, our manufacturers and
our merchants, our lumbermen and our fisher-
men. Its operations are wholly and thoroughly
mischievous, presenting scarcely one redeeming
trait.
What are its effects upon the interests of our
farmers? It throws wide open the gates of our
markets, always overstocked with the produc-
tions of our own soil, to a prolific agricultural
region lying at their very thresholds. It invites
free competition from an agricultural people, the
fertility and cheapness of whose virgin lands, and
the comparative lightness of whose taxes, enables
them to undersell us in our own markets. Sir,
those who suppose that the agricultural products
of Canada, thus thrown upon our markets, have
no serious influence in depressing prices, have
Ho. OF R#{5.
taken but a very superficial view of the subject.'
Most persons, i apprehend, would - regard th<e'
closing of tfie ports of'Ertglarid against
and flour as a great calamity to,the wheat grow-':
ers of this country. And yet it would be less!
injurious to their interests &an this throwing"
open of our markets to the -wheat and flour df!
Canada. During the fiscal year ending on the
30th of June, 1859, the value of Wheat and flour;
imported by us from Canada was mote thta dou-
ble that of all we exported to England the sarrie
year. * - ' "■
The free admission of the agricultural produc-
tions to our markets, tends to equalize the value5
of lands on both sides of the line, to-the great-
disadvantage of oar own landed proprietors. Sir,
it is a self-evident proposition, that lands on the
Canada side of the line, equally productive with
lands on our own side, are intrinsically woi-th as
much, if the same markets are cbmmon to both,'
and equally accessible to both—especially if the:
Canada lands are subject to less taxation than
ours. If it could be known that the provisions
of the treaty would be indefinitely perpetuated,
lands in my own district, the richest portion of
the Genesee valley, which before the treaty would
have commanded sixty dollars per acre, would lie
intrinsically worth little, if any more, than lands
on the othel" side of the line that could have been"
purchased at the same time for less than twenty
dollars. And this equalization is effected, as much
by depreciating the value of the higher-priced',
as by increasing the value of the lower-priced
lands.
The injurious effects of this treaty upon our
mechanical and manufacturing interests, spring
mainly from the "unfriendly legislation" which
the treaty has put it in the power of the Canadian
Parliament to practice towards them. The in-
creasing duties which have been levied from year
to year upon the productions of our workshops
and manufactories, since the ratification of the
treaty, have been driving them out of the Cana-
dian markets. Many of these productions which
still sought those markets in spite of the increas-
ing impositions Upon them, prior to 1859, are; by
the tariff act of that year, wholly excluded. That
act has not been long enough in force to furnish
any statistics showing to what extent importa-
tions of manufactured articles from this country
will be diminished by it. It appears, however,
from a table which I have already exhibited, that
the products of this country, paying duty in Can-
ada, (consisting, almost exclusively, of manu-
factured articles,) declined from $7,981,284 in
1856, to $4,524,503 in 1858. Under the operation
of the Canadian tariff act of 1859, the falling off
must-be in" a still greater ratio. In fact, these
onerous duties are not only driving our manufac-
tures out of the Canadian markets, but they are
tending to the transfer of capital and enterprise
from this country to that. Many of our most
enterprising manufacturers have already trans-
planted their establishments to Canadian soil, to
secure the benefit of her markets without bemg
subjected to these djjjties; and many more will
follow their example. Thus, under the opera.-
tion of a policy which owes its existence to this
treaty, we are not only losing a valuable trade,
but actually losing a most valuable class of cit-
izens, and no inconsiderable amount of solid cap-
ital.
This treaty operates to the prejudice of our
merchants and traders-also; not only by dimin-
ishing their sales to Canada of the pioductsof our
manufactories—excluded from her markets, as I
have just shown—but they also suffer from "un-
friendly legislation" on the part of the Canadian
Parliament. Formerly, the people of Canada
West purchased many of the productions of for-
eign countries in our markets, paying no higher
duties upon them than if purchased in the coun-
try of their production; and introduced by the
river St. Lawrence. -The duties then being spe-
cific, they amounted to no more on goods intro-
duced by the way of our Atlantic cities than when
introduced through the St. Lawrence. But the
law has been changed; and ad valorem duties are
now charged upon the value of the goods at the
place of purchase. The Canadian purchaser, there-
fore, if he now buys his goods in Boston or New
York, must not only pay duty upon the original
