THE CONGRESSION A T, GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAI
l. PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, P. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
a bridge adjacent to, and virtually forming a part
of, the present Long Bridge, winch is now in an
impassable condition, an obstruction to travel,
and an obstruction to navigation.
Mr. PHELPS. I have nothing to say in rela-
tion to this bill; but lest my remark in relation to
bringing the other bill from committee should be
misunderstood, I ask the permission of the gen-
tleman from Maryland to say that if this bill
should be passed, i shall then desire to have the
other bill taken out of committee, and passed in
the same connection.
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the other
bill will be brought back from committee; but I
am not willing, because that bill has taken a wrong
direction, that this bill should also take a wrong
direction. There is no reason, so far as I know,
why this bill should not be considered in the
House; ami I ask that it may now be considered
upon its merits.
Mr. GROW I wish to know of the Chair
whether it is now in order to offer an amendment
to this bill r
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. GROW. Then I will have the amendment
I propose to offer read as a part of my remarks.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know that I under-
stand the gentleman's proposition; hut this bill
docs limit and fix the fare of passengers over this
connection.
Mr. GROW. That is not my point. I will
explain it 111 a moment. Between Baltimore and
Washington, everybody knows, there.is a rail-
road that is a complete monopoly. Everybody
knows, who has had anything to do with it, that
it is managed, not so much for the convenience
of the public, as for the supposed advantage of
its stockholders and directors. Everybody who
has had occasion to travel between New York
and Washington for a few years has had the
very agreeable pleasure of being left over in Balti-
more, not a few times, by a failure to make the
connection. My proviso provides for granting
the privilege asked for, on condition that this road
shall be so managed as to make connections with
other roads, and not put travelers to the incon-
venience of remaining over in Baltimore, within
forty miles of their destination. If there is the
least delay on the connecting routes, passengers
are forced to remain ovei a day when so near the
point which they desire to reach. Directors who
cannot manage a public thoroughfare so as to
make connections ^Tith other roads in such way
as to accommodate the public, are not the men to
whom we ought to grant new privileges. I have
often been left over in Baltimore myself when
theie .vas no accidentto delay trains. My amend-
ment only provides that the road shall prorate
passenger fares and check baggage with connect-
ing roads, all alike. It does not reduce the fares,
or propose to prescribe what they shall be. It
only compels the company, as a condition of this
grant, to make connection at Alexandria, Wash-
ington, and Baltimore, with other roods. Yon
can now leave here at six o'clock in the morning
and go through to Elmira in the same day, but
you cannot leave Elnnraatsix o'clock and return
here in the same time. Why? Because this
Washington road will change its time tables so
as to prevent it, whenever the Northern Central
road fixes its tables in order that it may be done.
I am opposed to giving grants to any corporation
or body of men who will not use them for the
public convenience. My experience induces me
to believe that this road does not consult the pub-
lic convenience. During my term of service here
I have been compelled to stop over in Baltimore
by a failure of a few minutes in making connec-
tions with the railroads. The directors have so
managed as only to give a few minutes between
one side of the city and the other, so that the
le.'isi dehjy would destroy the connection.
Mr. KUNIvEL. la it not better for the public
convenience that the tunc tables of the Baltimore
and Ohio should be made to agree with its west-
ern connecting roads than that it should connect
with Harrisburg alone?
TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1860.
Mr. GROW. I have no feeling on that mat-
ter. I believe that it would be for the public con-
veniencc if this road made its connections with i
all roads, cither to Philadelphia and New York, '
or elsewhere, that it professes to connect with,
instead of a great deal of the time leaving passen- I
gers over in Baltimore. I do not speak of acci- '
dents, for I know that no human foresight can
provide against them. I make no complaint of
failures by reason of accidonts. But, sir, I have
passed over the road between here and Baltimore
when there was no accident to cause delay, and
they did not come within three fourths of an hour
ot their time table. Persons having important
business to attend to, it will, of course, be seen,
cannot rely upon a road so badly managed as that;
and must, therefore, take a train earlier than would
be necessary if propeily managed.
Mr. COVODE. There is one thing I will call
my colleague's attention to. The rechecking of
baggage takes up so much time that, in the short
period allowed, it is impossible to make the con-
nection. In that regard many lost connections
are to be accounted for. Let us put this road,
when we have the chance, in the position where
all the other roads are. Other roads are required
to check baggage through. This road now re-
fuses to do it. The consequence is, that every
person traveling to the Northwest loses connec-
tion in Baltimore, because of the rechecking of
baggage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania state with which line the
connection is now defective ? Is it with the Har-
risburg line or with the Philadelphia line direct?
Mr. GROW. I know nothing of these rail-
roads more than I have stated. 1 have traveled
over them all. I know that, 111 coming to Wash-
ington from New Yoik, I have been left m Bal-
timore, because there was 110 through connection;
only a few minutes being allowed between one
side of the city and the other. Coming from
Elmira, I have been left over in Baltimore when
there ought to have been a connection. We can
leave here, and go through in the same day to
Elmira; but we cannot leave Elmira and reach
here in the same time. I want the connection
one way as well as the other.
This road is now a monopoly, for there can be
no competing road constructed. I want it, when
we can do it, made to accommodate the public. I
desire that there shall be some system for check-
ing baggage, by which passengers shall not be
compelled to stop over merely for that purpose.
I do not want the public putto the inconvenience
of any such delay.
When" this railroad asks a grant at our hands,
we have the right, if we grant it, to impose con-
ditions. I have proposed my amendment because
it would, if complied with, provide for the public
convenience. I want this road to treat all con-
necting1 roads alike.
Mr "BURNETT. I am for this bill; but I sug-
gest that we be allowed to have a lote 011 the
motion to refer. Let us see whether it is the dis-
position of the House to refer the bill. I do not
think that it ought to be referred. I do not think
there is any necessity for its reference. If it be
referred, we ought to go into committee, and at
once dispose of it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am anxious
that the bill should pass. 1 would not hesitate to
yield to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Kentucky, but that some statements made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania ought to be cor-
rected, lest they influence gentlemen in their votes
upon the motion to refer; and I wish, also, to say
a word unon the merits of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTIJ. What is the amount
that this road taxes each passenger for the benefit
of the State of Maryland ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am not sure.
The State levies some small tax, I believe, upon j
passengers passing over this branch road. It was !
a condition of the original grant. The amount of |
the tax is applied, it strikes me, 10 educational j
purposes within the control of the State. I
New Series No. 176.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill upon theNable.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have notyielded
the floor, and the gentleman's motion is not in
order. I desire to say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that, while his amendment may be
a proper one as a mere matter of convenience to
himself, certainly this is the wrong time and place
for the attainment of his ends. It may be, that
this road ought to do what is aimed at 111 the gen-
tleman's amendment; but it seems to me that it
is rather hard for the gentleman to seek to control
and shape the policy of a great road, involving
such ramified interests, in a bill like this before
the Congress of the United States. I think that
matters of detail in the management of the com-
pany will have to be left to the judgment of ita
directors, and governed by their better knowledge
of what they can or cannot do in view of the
larger interests and operations of their whole en-
terprise.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman seems to misap-
prehend the effect of my amendment. The bill
proposes a grant to this railroad company. Now,
in making that grant, 1 propose to attach a con-
dition. Now, if they do not choose to take the
grant, coupled with that condition, the condition
will notapply to them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No; I do not
misapprehend the point the gentleman desired to
make; but insisted that such matters are not perti-
nent objections to the bill,and notsuch objections
as should influence legislation so important as
this is.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I nowmova.
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. MORRIS of Illinois. Upon that motion
I call the yeas and nays. I am in favor of laying
the bill upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I have not, and
do not, yield the floor, t have a word to say to *
my friend from Pennsylvania. I think the re-
flections he has indulged in against the direction
of this road are wholly undeserved; and while 1
do not suppose it is perfect, yet 1 have no doubt it
is among the best managed and most successfully
conducted roads in the country. Now, tl^e gen-
tleman objects to this bill because the time tables
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad are not so
arranged as to meet his views of the convenience
of himself and others coming in this direction
from Elmira. The complaint is not so much that
there is a failure of connection, or any absence
of all proper facilities to the traveling public upon
the great lines of travel from the North to the
South, Southwestand West; but that because of
a difference in running time and that of the North-
ern Central, the passengers coming over that road
are sometimes doomed to pass a night or part of a
day in Baltimore. And the gentleman proposes
to punish, by killing this bill, not only the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company, but the great
multitude of travelers, whose interests and con-
venience would be consulted by enabling us to
bridge the gap that now interferes so much with
the continuous line of travel from one end of the
country to the other. Now, sir, in the first place,
it is asking rather much that this company should
arrange all its connections upon its main stem,
which are of such controlling consequcnce, so as
to meet the convenience of a single rival or com-
peting road; and besides that, it does not appear
that all the inconvenience complained of might
not be remedied by some change in the time
tables of the other road. The gentleman, how-
ever, is in error in stating that the connection is
not made with the Northern Central, for I find in
one of their advertisements this moment handed
me, that that road advertises such a connection.
Mr. GROW. Bat this road will not check a
piece of baggage through.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Now, the gen-
tlaman reduces his objection to the complaint that
this road will not check his baggage through. I
put it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
that is a reason for impeding a bill, the effect of
passing which will be to give us an unbroken
