838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
e
you did not say then, as you say now, that sla-
very goes into every foot of that territory. You
did not say, if the laws are not sufficient" there to
"l'otect it, the courts or Congress must protect it;
ut you said,"let that territory stand; it is to be
governed by climate and by geography and by its
productions. Itis fixed, said Mr. Webster, by an
lrrepealablo law, and slavery never can go there.
But, sir, .experience has shown that Mr. Web-
ster was not right; that the law of climate and of
geography and of production, which he cited,
was not sufficient to control the situation of that
country; and 111 spite of climate, in spite of geog-
raphy, in spite of production, and in spite of
nature, and 1 had almost said, in spite of the Ruler
of the Territory, slavery has gone there; and the
Territorial Legislature of New Mexico have
passed a code of laws which I do not hesitate to
say are barbarous, a disgrace to civilization, and
to humanity.
So too, sir, when you repealed the Missouri
compromise, you did not do it boldly. You did
not say, "we wish slavery to go into the terri-
tory north of 3CO 30' north latuude." You said,
"we do not wish to extend slavery; and it never
will go there unless some household servants are
carried there." By indirection, by persuading the
people of the country that the settlement of the
question was to be left to the inhabitants of the
Territory, you repealed the Missouri compromise.
Now, sir,six years afterwards slavery hnsgrown
bold; it walks erect, and its supporters say, "we
must be allowed to carry our slaves into the Ter-
ritories, every inch and every foot of them, if we
desire. We have a right under the Constitution
so to carry them there, and the Congress must
pass laws t.0 protect our property there."
You see, Mr. President, how bold this institu-
tion has grown — what its practice is now, com-
pared to what it was formerly. Now it seeks
directly to appropriate the whole territory to itself.
It seeks all tne territory from the Rio Grande to
the British possessions; from the Gulf of Cali-
fornia to Paget Sound; from the western line !
of Missouri to the Pacific. It does not seek to
divide the territory now as formerly, but it grasps j
the whole; up the rivers, over the moutains, and j
down into the valleys; in the sunny South, and i
in the ice-ribbed North; upon the aii'tl and barren !
center, or on the fertile slopes; wherever a white
mail may go, slavery seeks to accompany him.
Briareus like, with its hundred arms, it grasps the j
entire territory of the United States Government.
But, Mr. President, not only is the doctrine of
this resolution bold, but it is alarming—alarming
because it makes another step in the progress of
the slave power. At first freedom claimed the
whole. When the Government was founded, the
fathers of the country, the framers of the ordi-
nance of 1787, and of the Constitution, restricted
• slavery and prohibited it from all the territories
of the United States, unless it might be n certain
indefinite portion ceded by South Carolina, [n
1820, when you established the Missouri com-
promise, slavery claimed a part, but was willin"
to yield the most. She claimed to have Missoun
come in as a slave State; but as to all that terri-
tory north of 360 30',she yielded it forever as free
territory; and as to the territory then left south of
the line of 36° 30', nothing was said whether it
was to be slave territory or free territory. Mr.
Clay, m his speech in 1850 on the compromise
measures, maintained that even as to that terri- t
tory south of the line of 36° 30', slavery could !'
not go there. I will rend you an extract from J
that speech, because it serves to show how much '■
the slave power lias advanced since that time I
read from the speech of Mr. Clay made on the 1
a2d ot July, 1850;
, "i.™ °J"cV,,!ltthl!r0!lre?(: "':mi'n who maintain tlirit, !
at that lino tll° rl?l" ro e,u '-v ^v'"; "0«"> !
  fl alre,ldy and ihdt, of ooujve tho-=" who ii
dmuS nriiZlni°" wam no 0,l"'rseci,my lor th(!'
K if h , 1 ,wTS 51Mh 0f tlKlt llm' ,tlan tll,; t'TONti- .
tntimi. It I h.id not heard that opinion avowed, I si„„iW 1
imve regarded it as one of the most <™,nonlin rv '
tions a.ul the most i>,defence po'm™ ',Kva, Tv^
taken by man. Hie Constitution neither neatral nor does '
t continue slaveiy. Slavery exist d indpncnd'm of7^
Constitution, and antecedent to the Constitution • i
was dependent in the States not upon the wtli of Con«ro«x
but upon the law of the rcpcct.ve States. Thl* 60^1? ■
tion la silent and passive upon the subject of the Institution !■
of slavery, or rather it dealj witli tile fact as a fact tw :
exists, Without having created, continued, or hemgresnon- i
stilie. for It, i„ the slightest degree, vvithm the Stated i
Now, instead of, in 1830, taking
s portion of
I the territory, and having it admitted as a slave
State, and yielding the rest of tin territory to fiee-
dom, slavery chums the whole territory, Thatis
the doctrine of this resolution; that there is a con-
stitutional right, on the part of the slave masler,
to take his slave and go with him anywhere into
the territory of the United States, and hold htm
there as a slave; and if the laws are not sufficient
now for the purpose of holding him there, this
Government is bound to provide laws sufficient to
hold him there. I say the doctrine is alarming
to the free States, because the next step will be to
provide that the slave goes not only into the Ter-
ritories of the United States, but that he may be
held in the States, after they come in as States.
Let us trace the doctrine a little further ill its
progress. In 1854, when you enacted the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, you maintained that the juris-
diction should be left to the people over thesub-
ject of slavery; that, if they wanted slavery, they
should have it; if they did not want it, they should
,not have it: the people of the Territory were to
decide for themselves. Do you hold that doc-
trine now? No, sir. It is now distinctly avowed
that the people of a Territory cannot, at any time,
restrict slavery out of the Territory. They can
only do so when they come to form a constitution
for admission as a State. I want some gentleman
who understands, and who has looked at the mat-
ter, to answer me these questions. If the pro-
pie of a Territory have power over slavery when
they form a State government, where do they get
it? Does Congress grant them the power? You
deny that Congress has any jurisdiction over sla-
very in the Territories. Is it inherent 111 them-
selves ? If so, why cannot they use it before they
form that constitution ? I want somebody to an-
swer me this other question: if the Constitution
carries slavery into the Territories, and is, in that
respect, the supreme law of the land to protect
•slavery there, so that the people of the Territory
cannot abolish it, where do the people of the Ter-
ritory get the power to override the Constitution?
It is the supreme lav/ of tile laud. Then, if they
possess no power to override the Constitution, I
want you to tell me where the people of a State, |
when they are admitted as a State, get the power |
to exclude slavery? The Constitution, accord- j
ing to your doctrine, carries slatery in its hands, I
| and bears it forward and protects it. 'Where, then, 1
j do the^people got the power, in an y State, to abol- j,
j ish it? The Constitution is the supreme law of h
the land in a State, just as much as it is in a Ter-
ritory. There is no difference made in the Con-
stitution, as regards the efficacy of the powers of
the Constitution and the laws of Congress under
it, between a State and a Territory. It does not
say that you shall be able to restrict slavery ih a
Territory, and not m a State. The Constitution
is supreme both in Territory and in State. The
cause of alarm is here: you said, live years ago,
that the people of a Territory, at any time, might
exclude slavery. You say now, they can only
exclude it when they are admitted into the Union
as a State. Will you not, two years hence, or
four years hence, say that no State can exclude it;
and will you not say that the slave master has a
right to take his slave from Virginia and go into
Massachusetts or New Hampshire, and hold him
there ? Will you not say that the Constitution
acknowledges the slave as property, treats him
as such; and that we have no'right to abolish your
right of propei ty in a slave ? Will you not say
that you have a right to go there, and take your
property into the States, although they n-ere ad-
mitted into the Union at the time of tli" formation
of the Government;
I set', then, Mr. President,
free Stales hat e gre it cause for
ress of slavery has betn directly towards the
winch I indicate—not only to uphold slavery in
the 1 emtones, hut, by and by, it will be to up-
hold it in the free States against the will and laws
of tnose States. I am not left without authority
on that subject; and I desire to call the attention
of the Senate again to the same speech of Mr
Clay, from which I before read, in which he
maintains the doctrine that if the Constitution
piotf.cts and defends slavery in the Territories
it must be admitted that it equally protects and
defends it in the States. He says:
'iniVhiitArf tCo'.'rt't«tl?n P°sf« the pa,amount authority
Vn,,m m ,'i , ' l", of <'von tllp f"*e States of tho
ci'ia
in
file people of the
'arm. The prog
| And speaking of tho admission of Call
j into the Union at that time, ho says furtl:
1 the same speech:
1 "Why, if the Constitution gave tho privile^. it wuitVl
! btj incompetent foi Caii.ornia to adopt tin1 jxovi-ioii winch
' ahc lias- m her eon^ntiuion."
That is, if tho Constitution g^avc the privilege
of holding slaves in California", it would be in-
competent for tho people of California to adopt a
provision m their constitution restricting slavery.
Now, Mr. President, it is claimed that the Con-
stitution carries slavery into the Territories, or
that undor and by virtue of the Constitution the
slaveholder may take his property in slaves into
the Territories; and if this position is yielded,
and becomes established under this Government,
the day is not far distant, in my judgment, when
slavery will claim extension into the old States
over which the Constitution is the supreme law,
and the time may come when the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] as he boasted some two
or three or four years ago, may call the roll of
his slaves around the monument on Bunker Hill.
Beit, Mr. President, this resolution seeks for
legislation at variance with the policy and history
of the Government. The first great initial meas-
ure for the government of the Territories of the
United States, was the ordinance of<J787, Itis
part of tiie political history of the country, which
every intelligent man knows, that some of the men
who a>d< d to form the Constitution, and the men
j who from4heir position might be best supposed
j to know what was intended by its provision? 
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from NewHamp-
shire made some allusion to me. I want to know
where he got that statement*
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say exactly where I
; got it. I have seen it quoted several times,
i Mr. TOOMBS. He takes very great pains to
: give it currency and circulation. "A contradiction
| has been in the newspapers three times. It seems
| to be your policy to make such statements, how-
ever.
Mr. CLARK. I beg the Senator's pardon. I
have never seen the contradiction.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was printed in Xev," Eng-
land in the presidential election of 1 eoij, and also
111 New York.
Mr. CLARK. It may be; but I have never
read the one hundredth part of all that is primed
ill New England, or the one thousandth part of
what is printed in New York.
; Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator ought to ha\e
some authority for such a statement as he has
; made. *
i . Mr. CLARK. I have seen it several tinier, and
[ it would not be surprising if I did not now recol-
| loot the precise place in which I had seen it.
Mr. TOOMBS. You may have seen it in the
New York Tribune—a journal which is the syu-
i eral receptacle of all falsehoods.
Mr. CLARK. I do not remember that I have
overseen it there. I will not undertake to sav
what it is the receptacle of. I only desire to be
understood distinctly by tile Senator, that I have
seen it, and have never seen it contradicted, if
he contradicts it now, I am willing to admit the
contradiction distinctly. I will say, that f-am
glad to hear that the Senator from Georgia d'd not
utter that sentiment. I am glad to he corrected,
and I have no doubt the people in my section of
the country will be <jlad to be corrected.
I was saying Mr. Pn S;dwit, when I was inter-
rupted, that it is ^ part of tin* political history of
t i.' roumry which ■ very intHhgrnt man knows,
that some of the men who aided to form our Con-
stitution—and the mi n who, from tin ir position,
might be best supposed i„ know what was m-
tendi d^hy its provisions—adopted the ordinance
of 1787, and extended i, nvertbe NorthwestT. r-
litory. ^ it was the institution of a goveinnmit
for the Territories: not for a Territory m partic-
ular, but fur the T< rritories of the United States,
out of which several Dew States were to he at some
time formed It was the beiriinmur; and at ih.u
beginning they excluded slavery from all that
region of country, except for the punishment' of
crime, which was from ail the terutory to which
the United States had then any exclusive claim
There had been a cession made by,the State of
South Carolina, I believe, at that time; but what
its boundaries were could not I,.- precisely asc, r-
tained. There was no political nun, then that
slavery ww '< h..f„ri. and obou. ;,ll i„„-
