1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
sututions," nor that it rested on the same founda-
tion as other property. These men said "there
shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
i i the said Territory." This was in the Congress
under the Confederation; and a is remarkable that
one of the articles of this ordinance, to wit, the
fifth, made provision for the admission of not less
than three nor more than five new States, which
new States were at liberty to form permanent State
governments," provided theconstitution and State
government so to be formed shall be republican,
and in conformity to the principles contained in these
articles"—that is, shall exclude slavery; and this
article the Assembly of Virginia ratified and con-
firmed, reciting it verbatim, in the act of her As-
sembly, on the 30th day of December, 1788.
The dogma is now the fashionable doctrine,
that when a State comes to Congress for admis-
sion, Congress has nothing to do but to look at
her constitution, and see that it is republican in
its character, and then admit the State; butin this
instance, and by this ordinance, the Congress of
the Confederation provided that the State not only
should adopt a constitution, republican in its char-
acter, but it should make a constitution conform-
able to that ordinance, and should exclude slave-
ry from the State by its constitution. Virginia,
when she passed the act reciting the*pro visions of
the ordinance, and assenting to it, had not learned
the doctrine that African slavery was right, and
that it ennoble<feeither race—the white man or the
African. She sought not to extend it, but ratified
and confirmed the act which excluded it from
the States to be formed out of the vast territory
which she had ceded for the common good of all
the States.
Thus the Congress of the Confederation formed
the earliest systf^n of government for the Territo-
ries; Virginia ratified and confirmed it: and the first
Congress under the Constitution, by the act of
August 7, 1789, in order that it might continue
to have fall effect, adapted it to the Constitution.
Where was squatter sovereignty then ? Did the
founders of the Government say, " We will leave
it to the people of the Territory to decide whether
they will have slavery or not?" Did they say that
<{ When the State comes in with her constitution,
we will leave it to the people to adopt a restriction
on slavery in the constitutipn or not?" Certainly
not. It was one of the provisions by which they
could come into the Union, and to which they were
confined, that they should restrict slavery and
keep it out of their territory by the constitution
of the State. 1 need scarcely refer to the action
of Congress afterwards, in 1803, in regard to the
Territory of Indiana, when the people of Indiana
petitioned for the right to hold slaves. Congress
refused them that permission. The action of
Congress upon that subject is to be found m the
American State Papers, Public Lands, volume
one, pagel60, and also page 68; and in the last
instance, Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, made the
report.
Do you tell me, Mr. President, that the ordi-
nance of 1787 was adopted under the Articles of
Confederation and not under the present Constitu-
tion, and that the state of slavery under the Arti-
cles of Confederation might be one thing* and its
state under the Constitution another; that under
the Articles of Confederation Congress might have
power to prohibit it, and under the Constitution
not have power to prohibit it? Then, I say to
you, sir, that Congress, after the adoption of the
Constitution, by the act of August 7,1789, (one of
the earliest of the acts under the Constitution,)
adopted this very ordinance, so altering some of
its provisions as to adapt it to the Constitution.
They repeated it also, May 20, 1790, in the case,
of Ohio. They repeated it May 7, 1800, m the
ease of Indiana. They repeated it January 11,
1805, m the case of Michigan. They repeated it
May 3, 1809, in the case of Illinois. They re-
peated it in the cose of Wisconsin; and again,
March 6, 1820, in the passage of the Missouri
compromise. They repeated it again June 32,
1838, in the case of Towa: and again, August 14,
1848, in the case of Oregon; end again, March 3,
1849, in the case of Minnesota. In every one of
these cases they referred to that ordinance, carried
some portions of it over the Territory, and ex-
cluded slavery.
Thus, Mr."President, for sixty years, bv these
nets, did the Congress under the Constitution re-
«!overv fwrn the Territories?• nml now \yn
have as the modern doctrine the assertion that all
that legislation for sixty years was unconstitu-
tional, at variance with the Constitution; that
there was no power to restrict slavery in the Ter-
ritories by the Constitution; but that, on the other
hand, the Constitution carried slavery into all of
them, and should protect it there.
But, Mr. President, there is another class of in-
stances besides these, much to my purpose. The
doctrine claimed here is, that if the law of the Ter-
ritory, or if the courts are inadequate to protect
property in slaves, Congress should do it, and it
is the duty of Congress to do it; and there is no
distinction made in such prpperty, whether born
here or imported; the claim is the same. The first
of the instances to which I now refer, is the act of
May 20, 1790, for the government of the territory
of the United States south of the river Ohio. This
act referred to another of April 2, 1790, accepting
the deed of the cession of land by North Carolina.
In that deed of cession, dated previously in 1790,
(I do not know the month; after the passage of the
ordinance of 1787, however, and after its adop-
tion by the act of Congress, of August 7, 1789,)
there was this remarkable proviso:
^That no regulation made, or to be made, by Congress,
shall tend to emancipate slaves.*'
Now, this is the point of the argument in this
instance. North Carolina well understood, that,
under the Constitution, Congress held the power
to exclude slaves from the Territory, and might
exercise it, unless she provided against it in her
deed of cession, as she did. There was no pre-
tense then, that a master could carry his slave
there, and that Congress was bound to protect
him under the .Constitution. The fear was, that,
under the Constitution, Congress would excludc
him; and hence the proviso.
The next instance was the establishment of the
Territory of Mississippi, in April, 1798. By that
act, the President was "authorized to establish
thefein a government in all respects similar to that
now exercised in the territory northwest of the
river Ohio, excepting and excluding the last ar-
ticle of the ordinance;" and the people were en-
titled to hll its immunities and privileges. The
importation of slaves was prohibited under a pe-
cijmary penalty, and the slave so imported set
free. There was no provision for the protection
of slaves in this act.
March 20, 1804, the Territories of Orleans and
Louisiana were established. No special pro-
vision was made in that act fir the protection of
slaves; but, on the contrary, no citizen of any State
could carry a slave into it unless he actually owned
the slave and icas going there to settle. It debarred
all others from the Territory, and declared every
slave brought in against the provisions of the act
entitled to freedom. Here was a direct acknowl-
edgment of the power of Congress to exclude
slaves; for if it could exclude a part it could ex-
clude the whole. And here, too, is the declara-
tion of the law, that the slave should be free if
brought in contrary to the provisions of the law.
They prohibited the master from carrying tlTc
slave there, and declared the slave free if he did.
Then there was the act of March 4,1805, erect-
ing the Territory of Orleans. It extended over
the Territory the ordinance of 1787, except the
second paragraph respecting descent of estates,
and the sixth article of compact. It also imposed
restrictions upon the formation of a constitution.
If Congress could impose the restriction that the
constitution should not be repugnant to the ordi-
nance of 1787 in one particular, why not in all r
Next came the act of June 4, 1812, m regard to
the Missouri Territory. Here power was granted
to make laws in all cases for the good government
of the people. No man was to be deprived of
life, liberty, or property, but by judgment of his
peers. There was nothing in that act protecting
slave property, nor was it claimed at that time
that the Constitution carried slaves, or that Con-
gress was bound to protect them there. _
Then came the act of March 3, 1822, in regard
to Florida, which granted to the territorial gov-
ernment power to legislate upon all rightful sub-
jects of legislation. The New Mexico and Utah
acts of September 9,1850, required the laws passed
in those Territories to be submitted to Congress,
and gave the Territorial Legislatures power over
all rightful subjects of legislation. The act of
March 2, 1853, establishing Washington Terri-
tnvv. o-rnnton pQ-ii-m- To rhr Territ^ri:*'
to pass laws in regard to all rightful subjects of
legislation. s
Tlx; next was the Kansas-Nebraska act of May
30, 1854, which did not legislate slavery into the
Territory, and did not legislate slavery out of the
Territory; but it did not pretend that the Consti-
tution carried slavery into the Territory. There
was no claim made then for the protection of
slavery in the Territory under the'Constitution.
Mr. President, no Territory in which slavery
was permitted by the organic act has ever become
a free State, that I am aware of; and no Territory
from which slavery was excluded has ever become
a slave State—a most instructive experience in the
history of the Government.
But, sir, bold, alarming, and contrary to the
policy and history of the legislation of this Gov-
ernment, as the doctrine of this resolution is, if it
is to be seriously contended for and adopted by
the Democratic party, as it will be if the South
demand it, I am glad it is here. In the language
of one of the Senators from Mississippi, " We do
not want tQ cheat or to be cheated. Let us un-
derstand each other. The Democracy, at least
the southern wing o? it, and a portion of the north-
ern, declare that the Constitution carries slavery
into all of the Territories of the United States, or,
what is equivalent, that, under the Constitution",
the slave master has a right to take his slave intp
a Territory of the United States; and if the laws
there are not sufficient to protect him in the enjoy-
mentof that so-called right of property, the people
of the Territory should pass laws to secure it; and,
the people of the Territory failing to do it, Con-
gress should do it unless the courts should have
sufficient power; thus making Congi ess theguar-
dian and protector of slavery in all the Territo-
ries of the United States; in fact, establishing it
there.
From this construction of the Constitution the
Republicans dissent. To this office of Congress,
as founder and protector of slavery, they object.
To prevent the extension of slavery into the Ter-
ritories of the Federal Government, is a cardinal
object with the Republican party. The repeal of
the Missouri compromise, which had stood as a
sentinel for more than thirty years to guard the
territoiy north of 3G° 30' north latitude from the
aggressions of the slave power, revealed its de-
sign to spread slavery into all the Territories of
the Union, and roused the determination in mil-
lions of hearts to prevent it.
From that determination, like Minerva from the
head of Jove, fully matured, and armed with un-
flinching purpose and iron will, the Republican
party sprang into existence to prevent the accom-
plishment of that 'Sesign. Stigmatizing it as a
relic of barbarism, it avows its purpose to confine
it in its present limits; and if then itshall become
unprofitable, "be smothered," to use the lan-
guage of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doitgi.as,]
and "die out," it will only the sooner bring flie
accomplishment of the earnest desires and expec-
tation of the founders of this Government. They
will rejoice at it.
To prevent the extension of slavery in the Ter-
ritories, I have said was a cardinal object of the
the Republican party; but when 1 say this, I deny
that it attempts or seeks to attempt, by any action
of the General Government, to interfere with it in
the States where it exists. It is a matter beyond
the control of such action. But when I say this,
let it be understood also that vast numbers of
those who comprise the Republican party, and
of those who sympathize with it, deny the right
of any man or body of men to hold or establish
property in man; and they will discuss the institu-
tion of slavery, and hold it up as a moral, social,
and political evil, as ruinous to the prosperity and
population of the States where it exftts, as a clog
to Ihcir progress, as an enemy to the Union, and
areproaeh to fiee governments; and,therefore,an
evil to be excluded from the Territories. They
will discuss it, because it is sought to be extended.
They do not forget nor underrate the force of
public opinion; they know that Legislatures and
Statesacknowledge its power,and are swayed and
controlled by it; that neither Virginia nor Mis-
sissippiwill long have slaves when public opinion
demands their emancipation. They will, there-
fore, labor to guide and strengthen that public
opinion, by the school, the pulpit, and the press;
by writing and by oral speech; by the public
journal and the periodicn!; ^y exhibition of the
