1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
Mr. HATTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF BILL. ■
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bcffinton in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the bill before the
committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] had the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I beg the pardon of the
Chair, but I believe, when the committee last
rose, I had the floor. At the time, I said, in or-
der that 1 might not be deprived of the opportu-
nity of submitting the remarks I desired, that I
did not wish to address the committee at that late
hour.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had previously yielded the floor, with
the understanding that he should have the floor
when the House should again go into committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would then ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to yield me about five
minutes, inasmuch as I supposed I was entitled
to the floor, to make a few remarks upon the tariff.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield to the gentleman a
few minutes.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have of-
fered a substitute for the tariff sections of the bill
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
because I am sinccrely desirous that we shall ef-
fect a reformation of the tariflf; and it is my firm
belief that the bill of the committee, however it
may pass the House, will not meet the acquies-
cence of the Senate. The country requires an in-
creased revenue, and the people demand that this
shall be obtained by discriminating duties. These
views I have kept in mind; and I believe that the
project introduced by me, which I acknowledge
is partly borrowed from a similar bill introduced
last year, is ample for these purposes. It is simple
in its details; it avoids the peculiarities and com-
plications of the main bill; it is free from com-
pound duties; it has no mmimums; it gives spe-
cific duties for our country's staples; and it is
one which I firmly believe would be acceptable to
the Senate, leaving for further legislation any ex-
tension of the system. I have made the altera-
tions as few and as plain as possible, to be effective.
I will briefly explain its provisions, premising that
I have named the beginning of the next fiscal year
as the time when it shall go into effect, instead of
a later time during the year, as proposed by the
Committee of Ways anu Means. I leave the free
list untouched and unaltered—my change is upon
articles now subject to duty. It might be im-
proved; but, wishing to avert opposition, I have
preferred merely to increase the duty on dutiable
articles, and not to extend their numbers. I have
brought the schedules back and up to the tariff
of 1846, save only the first two, A and B, which
have not been put as high as they then were. I
have transferred all the textile fabrics—manufac-
tured dry goods—to the one and the same class;
thus getting rid of the fraud practiced in determ-
ining which ingredient is the most prominent,
placing them all on one footing, leaving no temp-
tation for fraud or perjury. 1 have placed spe-
cific duties on articles of a nearly uniform value,
assessing a general value, instead of leaving it to
the appraisers. Brandy and such liquors are
pla®d at full but not extravagant rates; while the
other articles are but little, if anything, above the
rates of the tariff of 184G, squared into specifics;
making the collection of the real duty more cer-
tain. My entire list is as follows: .
Brandy, one dollar per gallon ;
Gin, whisky, and spirits distilled Irom grain5 fifty cents
per gallon;
Co:il, one dollar per ton ;
Coke and culm of coal, five cents per bushel;
Russian hemp, fortv dollars per ton ;
Manilla hump, or piaiutain baik, twenty-five dollars per
ton ;
Sisal gras*, jute, coii, or other such vegetable substances,
wnmamraetmed, and not otherwise provided for, twenty-
five dollars per ton ;
Mnnuiaetured flax and cedilla, or tow of flax and hemp,
twenty-five dollars per ton;
Lead, unmanuluctuied, one cent per pound;
Zinc, in pigs or bard, one half eent per paund;
Zinc, in shftetf, one and a half cent per pound j
Steel, in bar*, ca^t, shear, or German, fifty dollars per
ton;
Steel, all other kinds, forty-five dollars per ton;
Railroad iron, cast iron, and castings, twelve dollars per
ton ;
Bar iron, round or square, not less than five eighths of
an inch nor more than three niches in diameter; Oat, not
thinner than one fourth of an inch nor thicker than one
inch, and not narrower than one and one fourth inch nor
wider than six inches, sixteen dollars per ton;
Pig, old, and bcrap iron, six dollars per ton ;
Manufactured iron, not otherwise provided for, twenty
dollars per ton;
White sugar, two cents per pound;
Refined sugar, three cents per pound;
Other kinds of sugar, one cent and one fourth per pound ;
Molasses, six cents per gallon.
This Schedule embraces the staples of all sec-
tions; and this bill, if passed, will augment the
revenue about twenty per cent, above present
rates. Assuming that the exports of the next
year will reach the expectation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, whicn would require about four
hundred million dollars of imports, this tariff
would give about seventy-five million dollars; but
if, as is hoped, the imports shall not exceed
$360,000,000, the highest point ever yet attained
in any year, then a revenue from duties of about
sixty-seven and a half million dollars would be
received under this bill. I appeal to all true
friends of the measure to discard party and to
vote for a bill that, in my judgment, can succeed,
and not go in a vain search for that which cannot
reasonably be expcctcd by its most sanguine ad-
vocate; to secure, as we may, that which all de-
sire and which I trust may be accorded—proper
and judicious protection of all of the industrial in-
terests in our extended Confederacy. That gen-
tlemen, members of the House, may see just what
I propose, and in order that they maybe informed
upon the subject, I submit, in conclusion, the en-
tire proposition I have introduced for their con-
sideration, as follows:
A bill to fix and regulate the duty on imports, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcricaxn Congress assembled, That
on and after the 1st day of July next/in lieu of the duties
heretofore imposed by law on goods, wares, and merchan-
dise which aie by existing law subject to the payment oi
duty, there shall be imposed and paid on the goods, wares,
and ineicfoandise herein enumeiated and piovided for, im-
ported from foreign countries, the following rates of duty,
i that is to *ay :
On goods, wares., and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule " A," of the tarilf act jfiissed 30th July, 1843, a duty of
fifty per centum ad valorem.
On goods, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule " B," of the tariff act of July 30,1846, a duty of thirty-
five per centum ad valorem.
On "oods, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule " C," ot the tauffact of July 30,1846, a duty of thirty
per centum ad valoiem
On goods, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule " D," of the tariff act of July 30,1846, a duty of twenty-
five per centum ad valorem.
On goods, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule E," of the tariff act of July 30,1846, and on all arti-
cles subject to duty not specially provided for or heiein
enumeiated, a duty of twenty per centum ad valorem.
On "ooris, wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule  • ot'the tanff act of July 30,1848, a duty of fifteen
per centum ad valorem.
And on goods, ware*, and merchandise mentioned in
schedule <kG and H," of the tariff act passed July 30, 1846,
a duty of eight per centum ad valorem, with such excep-
tions as are hereafter made.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That blankets,baizes,
bookings, flannels, and floor-cloths, of whatever material
composed, ailk and all manufactures thereof not otherwise
specially provided for, shall be transferred tosrliedule "C,"
and subject to a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem ; and
on the $oods wares, and merchandise mentioned in sched-
ule " I" of this act there shall be levied, collected, and paid
specific duties as affixed fo each and every article, as fol-
lows : *
8chedcle I.
Brandy, one dollar per gallon;
Gin. whisky, and spirit* distilled from grain, fifty cents
per gallon;
Coal, one dollar per ton;
Coke and culm ot coal, five cents per bushel;
Russian hemp, forty dollais pei ton ;
Manilla hemp or plamtain baik, twenty-five dollars per
t0Sisal grass, jute, coir, or other such vegetable substances,
unmanufactured, and not otherwise piovided lor, twenty-
five dollars per ton;
Manufactured flax and codilla,or tow of flax and hemp,
twenty-five dollars per ton ;
Lead, unmaimlnetured, one cent per pound ;
Zinc, m pigs or bais, one halt cent per pound;
Zinc, in sheets, one and a half cent per pound;
Steel, in bais, ca^t, shear, or Gorman, iiuy dollars per ton;
Steel, all other kinds, forty-five dollars per ton ;
Railroad iron, east iron, and castings, twe«ve dollau per
Bar iron, round or square, not Ws than five eighths_ of an
inch nor more than three inches in diameter j flat, not thin-
ner than one fourth of an inch nor thicker than one inch,
and not narrower than one and one fourth inch nor wider
than six inches, sixteen dollars per ton;
Pig, old, and scrap iron, six dollars per Jon;
Manufactured iion not otherwise provided for, twenty
dollars per ton;
White sugar, two cents per pound;
Refined sugar, three cents per pound';
Other kinds of sugar, one cent and a quarter per pound;
Molasses, six cents per gallon.
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That in all cases in
which the invoice and entry shall not contain the weight
or quantity, or measure Of goods, wares, or merchandise
now weighed or measured or gauged, the same sOl bo
weighed, measured, or gauged at the expense of the owner,
agent, or consignee.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares,
and merchandise imported after the passage of this act, ana
which may be in the public stores on the "30th day of June
next, shall be subject, when afterwards entered for con-
sumption, to no other rate of duty than if the same had
been respectively imported at the date of entry.
Sec. 5. Andbeitfurther enacted, That no claim for abate -
ment or diminution of duty shall be allowed by reason or
on account of any damage or depreciation in value arising
alter exportation, but the same shall be valued as at the time
of exportation; and no deduction shall be made for or by
reason of any discount or abatement from the* value con-
tained in the invoice.
Sec*6. And be it further enacted, That this act shall go
into effect on the 1st day of July, 1860, at which time ail
acts and part^ of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
this act shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. CUPvTIS. Before the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] proceeds with his
remarks, I wish to give notice to the members of
the committee that the report and bill of the select
committee on the Pacific railroad are printed and
ready for distribution, and can be had by sending
to the document room.
I wish, also, to give notice, that at an early day
I will try to bring the bill before the House for
the purpose of discussion and passage; for I have
no doubt it will pass. As the time of the House
will be very much occupied, I hope members will
take an early opportunity to look into the matter.
I also wish to say to the committee, that I wish
to present to the House, after the committee shall
rise, a resolution authorizing the printing of extra
copies of the report atvl bill. I have been called
upon for many extra copies, and other members
will have similar applications; and therefore I
wish to have ten thousand extra copies of the re-
port, and one thousand of the bill, printed, at the
expense of Congress, for distribution. The report
covers only thirty pages, and its printing will
therefore cost but a*small sum to the Government;
while it would be no inconsiderable burden upon
individual gentlemen who wish to circulate them
were they compelled to get them printed.
Mr. GAR.TR ELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he desires an order entered to-
day for the printing of extra numbers?
Mr. CURTIS. I should desire it.
Mr. GARTRELL. I shall object.
' Mr. CURTIS. Then X shall not introduce the
resolution to-day, but will wait until there is a
fuller House.
Mr. GARTRELL. I see no necessity for print-
ing any extra numbers, and shall oppose that
proposition at all times.
Mr. CURTIS. I shall not then make my prop-
osition until there is a full House.
Mr. ELIOT addressed the committee on the
political questions and parties of the day. He «
was followed by Mr. Corwin in response to somo
of his propositions-; and a discussion of consider-
able length, in which several members took part,
ensued. [See the Appendix.]
Mr. RICE obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will yield,
I will move that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMAS. Who has the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Jenkins,] by the understanding of
this morning, will have the floor in the morning.
Mr. BURLINCAME. But will not my col-
league have the floor after him?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will consider
that to be the sense of the committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Now, I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committer rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Buffinton reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 338, to
provide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
