1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
duties on imports, and for other purposes; and
had come to 110 conclusion thereon.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before that motion is put, T
ask the unanimous consent of the House to print
a bill which I hold in my hand, for the relief of
the widows and children of certain officers and
goldiftw of the war of the Revolution. Gentlemen
who'wferetofore objected to it have withdrawn
their objections.
No objection being^made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARTER. X ask unanimous consent to
report a bill from a committee, merely to have it
printed.
Mr. THOMAS. There is no quorum present,
and therefore I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE, (at
three o'clock and forty-five minutes, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, JJpril 26, I860.
. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Phineas D.
Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of Monday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 6th instant, the report of Henry R. Crosbie,
Esq., relative to the occupation of the Island of San
Juan, which was ordered to lie on the table; and
amotion of Mr. Lane to print the report was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
j He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, returning, in compliance with
n resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant, the
reports of Majors Mordecai and Dclafield on the
Crimean war; which %vere, on motion of Mr.
Lake, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and Militia; and a motion by him to print
the reports was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
John Fryer of Alabama, praying for the confirma-
tion to him of certain land titles; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of William E.
Carter, of Alabama, praying for the confirmation
of certain land titles; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
He also presented the petition of Andrew Or-
mond, of Alabama, praying the confirmation to
him of certain land titles; which was'roferrcd to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial ofColonel
Johnston, and other officers of the Army in Utah,
praying that Milton Carpenter, Bnren D. Hunger-
ford, Mira Hungerford, Jacob Paulin, and the
family of Abel L. Root, may be indemnified for
losses and sufferings occasioned by an attack of
the Indians while on the route from Iowa to Cal-
ifornia, on the 20th of August, 1859; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Hcalso presented thememorial ofColonel John-
ston, and other officers of the Army in Utah,pray-
ing that Edward A. Miltimore and others may be
indemnified for losses and sufferings occasioned
by an Attack of the Indians while on the route to
California; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Charles
M. Anderson ana others interested in the welfare
of seamen, proving the abolition ef the spirit ra-
tion in the Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittoe on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HARtAN presented the petition of H. W.
Granger, praying to be allowed the right of pre-
emption to a certain charter section of land settled
upon by his brother, who was afterwards mur-
dered by the Sioux Iiidians, at Spirit Lake, in
Iowa; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands,
He also presented the petition of August Weg-
ner and others, heirs and representatives of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands at Bpirit Luke,
Iowa, wi«.o wcrmassacred by a band of Sioux
Indians at their settlement, praying to be allowed
the right of preemption; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREEN presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Radford, Cabot & Co., for
indemnity for losses sustained in consequence of
orders of Colonel Johnston, commander of the
United States troops sent to Utah; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Oil motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Radford, Cabot & Co.,
praying indemnify for losses s-ustamed in consemienec or"
order8ofColorielJo!mston,commaudcrofi!ie (Tnitfd States
troops sent to Utah, on the flics of the Senate, be refcricd
to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
421) confirming certain land titles to Andrew
Ormond, of Alabama; which" was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 492) con-
firming titles to certain lands to John Fryer, of
Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 423) con-
firming the title of certain lands to William E.
Carter, of Alabama; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S No. 425)
to promote the progress of the useful arts; which
was read twice by i ts t itle, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
425) for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Pierre Dolet, of the State of Louisiana;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 33) providing for the purchase of
certain copies of Little, Brown & Co.'s edition
of the laws of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Library.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 43)
for the relief of Solomon Wadsworth, reported it
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass, and submitted a report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 382) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Olivier Landry, of the State of
Louisiana, reported it without amendment, with
a recommendation that it do pass, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 85) for the relief
of R. K. Doebler, reported it without amendment,
with a recommendation tlujj it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2G2) for the re-
lief of the heirs or legal representatives of Fran-
501s Giullory, reported it without amendment,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 630) for the relief of Gott-
leib Scheercr, received from the House of Repre-
sentatives on Monday last, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
VETO MESSAGE—^"AKTIIUR EDWARDS.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President of tlx? United
States, returning, with his objections, the bilj for the relief
of Arthur Edwards and his associates, with the accompa-
nying pqper*, be punted.
On motlgn of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 26, 18G0.
Tho House.met at 12 o'clock, m. Prayer by-
Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I suppose that most of tho
gentlemen who desire to speak in tho Committee of
the "Whole have gotten off their speeches, and
therefore I move that, when the House adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday next. •
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope my friend from
Georgia will hear a suggestion in reference to that
matter.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, and debate is
not in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make but a single
remark. As we can adjourn now without being
suspected of adjourningforany'political purpose,
and as I am told that Captain Franklin, th6 su-
perintendent of the Capitol extension, says that
the desks can be placed in the Hall in one week,
I suggest to the gentleman from Georgia that he
modify his proposition so as to provide that when
wc adjourn to-day we adjourn to Monday, and
when we adjourn on Monday next, wc adjourn to
Thursday next.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust not. I hope no
debate will be allowed upon this motion.
Mr. ASHMORE. I desire to say one word.
I hope the House will not adjourn over, accoid-
ing to tl!e proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia. There are some eighteen or twenty gen-
tlemen anxious to make speeches, and they had
better be made now, thus saving time; because,
when the House shall again be full, we have a
leir^e amount of business to transact.
Mr. CRAWFOR.D. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ASHMORE. There are eightcenortwenty
gentlemen ready to make speeches.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think the gentleman is
mistaken in that.
Mr. FLORENCE. I renew the motion.
Mr. ASHMORE. Well, let it be put to a vote.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will withdraw the mo-
tion, Mr. Speaker, as I understand that there are
gentlemen hero who will insist that there shall be
a quorum to adjourn over. We have been trans-
acting business all the week, in some way or
other—by indirection, at least. Now, there was
an understanding on Monday that no business
should be transacted, and that nothing but speeches
should be made. Now, it is utterly useless to
deny, in the face of the facts recorded upon the
Journal, that we have transacted business. It
may not have been important business, and may
not have involved any matter of principle, and
our action may not be wrong in fact or in morals;
but, nevertheless, we have transacted business,
and wc have not fully lived up to the general un-
derstanding entered into on Monday. Now, the
reason why I renewed the motion was, that gen-
tlemen who arc overburdened with the business of
their constituents may have an opportunity, to-
morrowand Saturday, to transact that business at
the Departments. If wc shall come here to-mor-
row, I presume objection will be made to going
into a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, to consider private claims, unless
there is a quorum present; and wc all know there
will be no quorum present on that occasion. Tf
I had the least idea that we could do any private
business to-morrow, I would not have made the
motion to adjourn over. As I said before, as
gentlemen will insist upon a quorum voting, I
withdraw the motion.
# TEXAS TROUBLES.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the permission of the
House to introduce a resolution, calling upon the
War Department for information, m order that it
may be received and printed before we arc callcd
to act upon the subject to which it refers, which
will be as soon as a quorum shall be present.
No objection being made,
Nr. REAGAN introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved) That the Sccietary of War be requested to
communicate to tlm HoujsC all documents received in lus
office in relation to the troubles upon the Texa^ frontier,
since his last comniunic&Uon to the House upon this sub-
ject.
