2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment was not in order as an amendment to the
amendment. It may, perhaps, be in order to an-
other part of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the reading of the
bill.
Mr. BURNETT. This bill has once been read.
It is very long, and if we must have it read again,
I think we had better pass it over.
The bill was passed over.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The committee here informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the managers upon the part of the
Senate upon the committee of conference 011 the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 503) making further
appropriations fof the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1860, report that they met the managers upon
the part of the House of Representatives; and,
after full and free conference, were unable to agree.
The committee therefore recommend the Senate
to further insist upon their amendments, and to
ask another committee of conference. The com-
mittee of conference was thereupon discharged,
and the Senate further insist on thciramendments,
and ask a further conference; and have appointed
Messrs. Hunter, Rice, and Coi.lamer as the
committee 011 the part of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous
consent, the House agreed to the conference of
the Senate; and Messrs. Grow, Reagan, and
WAsiiBURNE of Illinois, were appointed as such
committee on the part of the House.
The committee then resumed its session.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
bill No. 70S, to authorize the construction ofiail-
ways in the cities of Washington and George-
town, and the extension,construction,and use of
the Metropolitan railroad into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
During the reading,
Mr. GROW moved that, by unanimous con-
sent, the first reading be dispensed with, and that
it be read by sections for amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY objected.
After the first reading of the bill, the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it by sections for amendment.
Mr. CARTER. I submit, as a substitute for
that bill, House bill No. 824, to incorporate the
Washington City and Georgetown Rail way Com-
pany.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment is in order as a substitute, and the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Kentucky can be [
offered as an amendment to the amendment; but j
before the question is taken upon cither of them,
the original bill must be perfected.
Mr, CARTER. I move that the bill be laid
aside.
The CHMRMAN. The bill cannot bo laid
aside to be reported to the House while any
amendment is pending.
Mr. BRANCH. I must rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from New York proposes
to amend this bill by striking it out, and insert-
ing in its stead another bill, now pending before
the House. Now, sir, there is an express rule
of this House which provides that it shall not be
in order to append as an amendment to one bill
another bill that is pending before the House. I
do not make this point of order with any view of
defeating the bill; because I am in favor of the
construction of a railway upon the avenue. The
bill which has just been read cannot pass without
a great deal of discussion. I make the point m
order that this bill may be passed over, and that
we may reach one of the bills which can probably
be passed by the House. If the Chair sustains
my point of order, I move that the bill be passed
over, in order that we may take up the "bill of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Buknutt,] or the
bill of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Car-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute indicated
by the gentleman from New York, has not been
read, and the Chair has no knowledge of what
it is. '
Mr. HUGHES. The Chair has already ruled
that the first question in order is the perfection, by
amendment, of the bill now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be read by
sections, for amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is evident, if you intend
to read this bill by sections, that you will pass no
other bill to-mglit. I suggest to gentlemen that
the bill be reported to the House with the under-
standing that a vote shall be taken between it and
the several substitutes. In that way you can ob-
viate the point of order raised by the gentleman
from North Carolina. I want to vote for the con-
struction of a railroad in this city, and I do not
much care for which of these bills 1 shall cast my
vote. I am willing to vote for either of them. I
do not see much difference between them. I move
that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass,
with the understanding that opportunity in the
House will be offered for moving the several sub-
stitutes as amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. So long as any gentleman
desires to offer an amendment, the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio is not in order. However,
the proposition of the gentleman can be agreed to
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRANCH. My object is to save time.
Peihaps I may have misunderstood the bill that
was read. Let me put a question to the gentle-
man from Maryland, or any of the gentlemen fa-
miliar with its provisions. Is there anything in
the bill which has been read which will permit
the Metropolitan Railroad Company to run coal
trains and other descriptions of freight trains
along Pennsylvania avenue? Is the company pro-
hibited from doing that?
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the proposition made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman.']
Mr. HOARD. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. HUGHES. I want to make a few re-
marks; and, before 1 conclude, I will offer an
amendment. I have had the honor to report it
from the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CARTER. Is the bill last read the one
which is 011 the Calendar?
Mr. HUGHES. It is.
Mr. BURNETT. Within a few minutes' time
we will have to go out of committee altogether.
I propose to gentlemen to let us contrast m the
House the various propositions for a passenger
railway in this city. Here is a bill reported by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hughes.]
Here is another bill put forward by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Carter,] and a third one
by myself. Let the bill be reported to the House
With the understanding that the substitutes shall
be offered, and voted on. In that way we will
have time, and get the matter out of committee.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 object for the present.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. And I ob-
ject.
Mr. HICKMAN. Before any proposition like
that of the gentleman from Maryland should be
agreed to, the gentleman from Maryland ought to
be allowed to perfect his bill by the amendments
I understand he has to offer.
Mr. HUGHES. That is all I propose.
Mr. NOELL. I also h ave an amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I am admonished, by my own
sense of propriety, and the lateness of the'hour,
to be very bnet 111 my remarks. There are many
things I would like to say, which, however, I shall
be prevented from saying.
Instead of asking that the bill be again read over
for amendment, I request that I may be allowed
to suggest my amendments; and that they shall
be all voted on together. The amendments I
have to make will obviate many of the objections
that have been raised to the bill.
Mr. HOARD. I desire the bill to be read
through in regular order.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the gentle-
man will not insist on his objection at this late
hour. It will defeat the passage of any bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I shall address the House
but briefly. Of the importance, the convenience,
and the almost overruling necessity for city rail-
ways, I shall say but little to the Representatives
of the people upon this floor. It is a question
truly of great interest and importance. It is one
which has already been settled by the vast popu-
lations in our principal cities; in New York and
in Philadelphia especially. If they are anywhere
necessary for convenience, they are eminently so
in this city of magnificent distances in proportion
to the small population. I am quite sure that
there is not a member of this House who has not
felt the inconvenience of the want of these pas-
senger railways in this city. There are here some
one hundred thousand inhabitants, to say nothing
of those who are attracted here by public affairs,
or by pleasure and amusement. 'The committee
have been able to agree 011 one point, and that is,
that a city railway ought to be constructed in this
city.
But as regards the particular means by which
it is to be effected, we have not been able to agree;
and, indeed, the committee was not unanimous as
to the propriety of establishing it at all. By the
kind permission of the committee, I submitted to
the House the bill under consideration. As far
as I am concerned, I have given it a careful and
elaborate consideration; and I believe it is the bill
best calculated to establish what we all wish—a
city passenger railway; and that it will accom-
plish a great and important good. I agree with
the chairman of the committee that we should
adopt the plan best calculated to advance the
interests of the people of the District. Independ-
ently of that, there are other important considera-
tions which enter into the question.
Mr. CARTER. Will the gentleman state how
that bill was reported to the House ?
Mr. HUGHES. I have already stated that it
was reported by the permission of the committee;
and the chairman of the committee reported his
projet by the same authority. Neither of these
bills has the concurrence of the majority of the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
I was proceeding to say that almost every pro-
ject you could bring up here in the city of Wash-
ington is not merely local—it must have a local
habitation and a name—but is also invested with
a national bearing. The reason I had for con-
ferring important franchises upon a company is
set forth in the report, which, 1 trust, every gen-
tleman has read. In that report I endeavored to
set forth the reasons which ought to induce Con-
gress to grant a franchise to that company. In
March, 1853, Congress passed an act incorpo-
rating a company to construct a railroad from
Georgetown, 111 the District of Columbia, to some
point at or near the Point of Rocks, 011 the Poto-
mac river. After conferring that franchise upon
any company which might be incorporated by
the State of Maryland, the Legislature of Mary-
land subsequently, and in the same year, incor-
porated a company for the purpose of construct-
ing that road. Congress chose to give to that
company certain privileges. It is a corporation
outside of the city of Washington. It was per-
mitted to come to certain points. It now has the
privilege of coming to the right bank of Rock
Creek; and it now claims the privilege of extend-
ing that route through the avenues of this city
to the Navy Yard in the city of Washington.
I assume—and I think I have the right to assume—
that Congress is willing to permit a railroad to be
constructed in the city for the convenience, not
only of the residents of the city and of strangers,
but for the convenience of the transaction of the
business of the Government. It would pass right
by the President's House, the Departments of
the Government, and would remedy the incon-
venience which members now suffer from climbing
up the steps to this Capitol, because it would land
passengers at the cast front of the Capitol.
I admit that in almost all these franchises there
must be some benefit conferred upon somebody,
independent of the general benefits which accrue
from every enterprise of importance. No men
undertake such things, with some few excep-
tions, from great and patriotic motives. It is almost
always the case that there are connected with such
enterprises some special benefits. Capitalists, of
all men in the world, are, perhaps, the least pa-
triotic. Theirgod is generally Mammun. When
you approach capital you must bring that kind
of tangible evidence which will show that money
is to be made. And Jieie I admit to-day that
something is to be made out of this franchise.
The Metropolitan company, as I have told you,
is permitted by Congress to come here,niul they
propose to carry this road on from the city of
Georgetown to the Point of Rocks, forty-one
miles, where it will connect with the Baltimore
