840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
benefits of free labor, and by every propermeans,
until the master himself, seeing the vast benefits
of free labor, and the rapid progress of free States,
feeling the force of the fundamental axiom of Jef-
ferson, 45 that all men are entitled to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness/' and knowing the
manifold injustice of a system winch is evil, and
" that continually" shall remove the " hooks of
steel" which have 54grappled" slavery to the so-
cial and political system.
In the language of Mr. Webster, in 1847, and
repeated in his 7th of March speech of 1850:
c We are to use the first, and last, and every opportunity
which offers, to oppose the extension of the slave power."
Make slavery extension and protection in the
Territories the issue, and we will meet you upon
it. Take a slave code for your platform, or make
it a plank in it, and you will convert it into a plate
of red-hot steel, upon which no northern man can
stand. Reveal and publish such to be your pur-
pose, and the history of the end of northern De-
mocracy shall be as short and graphic as that of
the Chaldean monarch—
•• In that night was Belsfoazzar, the king of the Chal-
deans, slain."
*1 come now, Mr. President, to speak of the
power of Congress, under the Constitution, to
protect slavery in the Territories. I deny that it
has such a power. I deny that, under the Con-
stitution, and by virtue of the Constitution, the
isdave master derives any right to take his slave
into the Territories. If he has that right, it is be-
fore the Constitution, and independent of the Con-
stitution. Let us look, for a moment, at what
was the condition of things at the formation of
the Constitution. The history of the times may
atlord us some light in coming to a correct conclu-
sion on this subject. There were then thirteen
States, m most of which slaves were held, which
had been united under the Articles of Confedera-
tion. I say, in most of these States slaves were
held, held by virtue of local law, or local custom
having the force of law. It did not exist by the
common law, but by thelocal law:and it is a little
remarkable that, whatever else may have been de-
cided in the Dred Scott case, tfco judges who were
the majority of the court who gave that opinion
and concurred in the reasoning of the Chief Jus-
tice, did not undertake to say that, by the com-
mon law, a slave could be held, or to overthrow a
prior decision of the Supreme Court that a slave
was held, by the local law. Each State held it,
for itself, under its own laws or by its own cus-
toms. Virginia held it by her laws or by hex-
customs, and when a slave •tffcnt out of Virginia
into Maryland,, or was carried into Maryland, it
was then held by the laws of Maryland; and if car-
ried into North Carolina, held by the laws of
North Carolina. If carried to a free State, he be-
came free, because there was no law to hold him,
unless it was permitted there by su flerance.
In this state of things, the Constitution was
formed. Did the Constitution alter the condition
of the slave in the States? Did it enact any pro-
vision which altered his condition ? Did it confer
any new power upon the master, or restrict the
master in any exercise of authority over his slave ?
Did it make any provision by which the slave
should be earned from one State into another, or
from one Territory into another? Notatali. There
are in the Constitution only four provisions con-
cerning slaves. The first is to be found in articlc
first, in the second section, and third paragraph.
It is thflt which relates to representation and tax-
ation, and the provision by which " three fifths
of all other persons" are to be inrJuded for taxa-
tion and representation. I do not deny that that
referred to slaves; but do you find any provision
there which can, by any system of reasoning, or
by any logic, give to the master the right to take
his slave from a State into a Territory, and have
Congress protect him there ? Let us bear in mmd
what is always necessary in interpreting the pro-
visions of the Constitution, that it is a Constitu-
tion ot delegated powers. Congress can do nothing
that is not delegated directly or impliedly to it; ali
other powers are restricted to the States. Now,
if here directly you find that Congress has power
delegated to it to enact laws protecting slaves in
the possession of their masters in the Territories,
I grant it. If you find any such implied power, I
grant it to you; but I say it is here neither directly
nor indirectly, and cannot be drawn from any
granted power. The next provision is that ot sec-
tion nine:
'■ The migiatiou or importation of such persons as any of
tnc States now existing shall think propei to admit, phaU
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808; but
a tax or duty may be imposed on bach Importation."
I understand that it has been argued that the
Constitution by this provision guarantied to the
States the right to import these people until 1808.
If that were material to the argument, I should
deny it, because these thirteen States were to-
gether forming this-Constitution; they were del-
egating powers to the Federal Government; they
said, in fact, "wew&l not give to the Federal
Government power to prohibit the importation
of slaves until 1808; as to certain of the States,
we will withhold that power, we will manage and
control it ourselves, and Congress shall have no
power over the subject." It was nothing granted
to Congress. It was a withholding of power.
From a withholding of power you cannot well
argue a guarantee; but it is simply saying, we
reserve to ourselves power in the States to import
these people until 1808. Do you find in that pro-
vision any authoiity on the part of Congress to
pass laws protecting slaves when they are carried
into the Territories, when the local laws are in-
sufficient?
The next provision in the Constitution, on the
subject, is in article four, section two, paragraph
three. It is a very familiar one—one often cited
and commented upon:
u No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, m conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged tiom
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or labor hi ay be due."
Here is a direct example that the founders of
the Government, the makers and framers of the
Constitution, treated slavery as a local institution.
"No person held to service or labor in one State,
under the laws thereof"—not under the Consti-
tution, but under the laws of that State—"es-
caping," &c., shall be set free by the law of the
other State, but he shall be delivered up. Is it
claimed that, by this provision that a fugitive slave
shall be returned into the State from which he
escaped, you get the power to protect a slave in
a Territory when he is carried there by his mas-
ter ? I think the argument is strongly and clearly
the other way. The only power delegated m that
particular was, that if he did escape out of the ju-
risdiction of the State, where the State laws did
not reach him, into another State, where there
was a different law or regulation, he should not
be set free by virtue of that regulation, but should
be delivered back to the State from whence he
came.
The next allusion is in article five, at the close
of the article:
u Provided, That no amendment winch may be made
prior to the vear ldt)8 shall in any manner affect the first
and fouith clauses in the ninth section of the fir.^t aiticle."
Referring to the article which provides that Con-
gress should not prevent the immigration or im-
portation of certain people prior to 1808. These
are the only clauses which I find in the Constitu-
tion relating to slaves. It is very true, the word
" slaves " is not used here. They are spoken of
as " persons held to labor," or " such persons as
the States may think proper to import," or " three
fifths of all other persons;" but I grant that the
Constitution there refers to slaves held m the va-
rious States. Can any person who interprets the
Constitution by the ordinary rules of interpreta-
tion, who has a knowledge of its formation, and
of the history of the Government and of the
country at the time of its formation, say that
cither of these provisions authorizes the slave-
holder to take his slave into the Territories of the
United States, and have him there protected by a
law of Congress passed under this Constitution?
for that is the claim. I say that Congress lias no
such power. I am aware that there are other pro-
viMonsofthe Constitution under which this power
might be claimed. I am aware of the provision
that Congress may make "all needful rules and
regulations" with regard to the territory, but I
understand that the Supreme Court, in the de-
cision to which I have referred, has said that that
provision of the Constitution does not apply to
the present Territories of the United Stat<s; it
only applied to the territory which the Govern-
ment had at the time of the formation of the Con-
stitution.
I understand them further to intimate the opin-
ion—I will not say that I agree in that opinion—
that the words " rules and regulations' aie n«t
sufficient to convoy political power, and that there-
by the Constitution did not convey the power to
govern the Territories and to exclude slavery
therefrom. I am aware, also, of the further pro-
vision of the Constitution that Congress may ad-
mit new States. I am aware, also, that Congress
has the power to govern the Territories before
they become States, m its discretion, for the pur-
pose of forming new States. I am aware that it
may be contended that Congress, underthe power
to form new States, may establish slavery in the
Territories; but I deny the power; I do not think
it can ever be held to be needful, to establish sla-
very m a proposed new State. I do not believe
it can be held to be for the prosperity of any Ter-
ritory or State to establish slavery m it. Slavery
is not a bond of strength in any Government. It
is an element of weakness and discord. Who
does not see that if slavery did not exist in some
of these States, if legislators did not seek to ex-
tend it to the Territories of the Government, the
great disturbing force of this Union would not
exist? Slavery is an enemy to the Union. Let
it cease its assaults upon the Union, and it will
receive no threats or blows which would endanger
it from any quarter.
Mr. President, since this session commenced,
these Halls have rung with disunion speeches and
sentiments. Senators and members of the House
both have utteied them. Sometimes, in their
violence, they have seemed to strive to excel each
other in the race. In the language of the turf,
many have come within three minutes; while
others have gone over the course in less than two
forty. Some, like Ethan Allen, have appeared on
the track larger than anywhere else, while others,
like the old English Eclipse, had such a thick
wind, and roared so terribly, that it was difficult
to tell which would come first to the end, the nag
or the race.
I have here, in my hands, specimens of the
I speeches qf these honorable Senators and mem-
j bers. 1 have cut them out as they have been pub-
1 lished m the Daily Globe; and if any member will
take the pains to read, he will not find a solitary
threat from anybody except some slaveholder, or
some Senator or Representative of a slave State.
There is no threatening of the Union from any
other quarter. Then why, in the new States, do
you want to adopt slavery? It is an element of
weakness, of discord, and of disunion; and I say
it is a sound exercise of discretion on the part of
Congress to exclude it from the new States and
Territories. I will give these specimens:
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] de-
clared that—
"The success of the Black Republican party would be
a cau«e lor secession. The Fouth would neveflet the Kc-
pubheans get hold of the rem-; of Government. War vas
already declared and blood shed
Hon. D. C. De J\rntf.tte, Representative from
the third congressional district m Virginia, said,
in a recent speech in the House, in reference to the
election of Mr. Seward:
" You may elect him President of the North ; but of tin-
South. ne\er. Whatever ttie event may be, others ma\ dif-
fer; but Virginia, in view of her ancicnt renown, in view
of her lllu-tiious dead, m view of her sic temper
will resist his authoiity. 1 have done."
Mr. Prtor, of Virginia, in a speech delivered
| December 8, 1859, m the other House said:
! " We have threatened and resolved, and resolved and
threatened, and backed out from our threat- and recanted
our re-oiution-s, until, vo help me God. 1 will never utter
another threat or another resolution: but. as the stroke fol-
lows the lightning's fla-h, *-o, with me. acts shall ne coinci-
dent and commensurate with woid-."
Mr. Garnet r, of Virginia, said, December 8:
^ You mur-t pa^s law 5 at home condemning and subject-
ing to the hand- of jn-fiep the men who advise and the men
who plot and the men who engage in these insuriectionaiv
attempt^. Vou mu>t do for us what we do tor toieisrn na
tioriH, and what they do for every country with wmoh tiv\
are at peace. Unie-s j ou do pans such law^. unless \ on do
put down this spirit of abolitionism, the Cmon will tie
siioit."
The Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Clixg-
m an,j in a fierce disunion speech recently deliv-
ered m the Senate, declared that—
In his judgment, the election of a Black llcpuhlieau
President would furni>ii that caiKe" [of a dissolution.]
And he added:
, '•* As from this Capitol e-o nmchhasgone forth to inflame
i the public mind, if our countrymen are to he involved in a
