4,18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Equality of Rights in the Territories—Mr. BlaJce.
Ho. oi? Reps.
This great principle they declared to be a " self-
evident truth," and for the support of which they
pledged " their lives, their fortunes, and their sa-
cred honor." They inscribed them upon the chief
corner-stone in the foundation of our political
fabric. And now, sir, is not the proposition, that
on© man has a natural right to hold another man
as property, in direct and flagrant conflict with
every principle contained in the Declaration of In-
dependence? And when you have succeeded in
establishing this doctrine in-the administration of
the Government—which I pray God you may
never be able to do—have you not essentially and
fundamentally changed the Government which
our fathers formed to "establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our poster-
ity?" You may deny the truth of these princi-
ples; you may pronounce them all the vague the-
ories of a wild fanaticism; you may declare that
what our fathers regarded as self-evident truths
are in fact self-evident falsehoods, but you cannot
deny that they lie at the very foundation of our
political system.
Another proposition contained in the preamble
is, that slavery is "a reproach to our country
throughout the civilizcd world, and a serious
hindorancc to the progress of republican liberty
among the nations of the earth." Is not this
truer What civilizcd nation on the face of the
earth does not reproach us with the great wrong,
the gigantic sin, which we are inflicting upon an
'oppressed and down-trodden people? What na-
tion does not reproach us with the glaring incon-
sistency which we present^) the world between
the principles we profess and the practice we per-
mit? Sir, our slaveholding friends may satisfy
their own consciences as to the morality and jus-
tice of " holding persons as property," but they
can never satisfy the consciences of those whose
interests are. not involved in the question. The
verdict of the Christian world is against them.
The most enlightened nations of the earth do re-
gard negro slavery, as it exists in this country,
a great national sin, and therefore <c a reproach
to any people" who may sanction it. it will
hardly bo denied that whatever tends to bring
reproach and shame upon us and our institu-
tions must tend to the "hinderance of the prog-
ress of republican liberty among the nations of
the earth."
Mr. Chairman, having said all tiiat I deem it
necessary to say m defense of the preamble, I now
come to the resolution. And what great wrong
or outrage does that propose ? Why, sir, it simply
proposes that a committee of this House, pro-
found in the knowledge of the law, shall inquire
into the expediency of reporting a bill " giving
freedom to every human being and interdicting
slavery wherever Congress has the constitutional
power to legislate on the subject." There is no
room to cavil about the meaning and intent of this
resolution. It is, that the Judiciary Committee
shall inquire into the expediency of reporting a
bill to abolish and prohibit slavery wherever Con-
gress has the constitutional power to abolish and
prohibit it. It does not even indicate where it is
supposed that Congress has such power over the
subject; but leaves that to the inquiry of the com-
mittee, who, it is supposed, is fully competent to
the task.
Sir, I have no desire to withhold my own opin-
ion as to the power of Congress over tins subject.
I believe the power to exist in Congress to abol-
ish and prohibit slavery in all the teiritory that
belongs to the United States not included within
the limits of some sovereign State. This I under-
stand to be the Republican doctrine. I do not
understand that the most conservative Repub-
licans doubt the plenary power of Congress over
thesubjectinaliourTerritories, and in the District
of Columbia as well. But some do doubt the expe-
diency of exercising that power to the full extent
that we possess it. Some doubt the expediency
of exercising it in this District.
My honorable colleague, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, has said that
he is opposed to abolishing slavery in this District;
but I understood him to be opposed to it on the
ground of expediency only, and not for any lack
of power on the subject. Other Republicans,
doubtless, are opposed to interfering with slavery
in this District for the same reason. m
But, looking at slavery as I do—as a great sin
against God, and crime against man—I confess I
am in favor of abolishing it wherever the Consti-
tution has given us the power. Regarding human
oppression as morally wrong, and " contrary to
the fundamental principles of our political sys-
tem," I will not recognize the expediency of per-
mitting that wrong to exist, where we have the
constitutional power to abate it. Sir, in my judg-
ment, it is never expedient to do that which is
morally wrong; and to permit a moral wrong to
continue which we have power to abate, appears
to me about the same thing as committing that
wrong.
Sir, a man need covet no higher compliment
than Goldsmith paid to one of England's greatest
orators and statesmen, when he pronounced him
"/oo fond of the right to pursue the expedient."
It may be that a man may sometimes err, in too
rigidly pursuing the right to the neglect of the
expedient; but if so, I apprehend that it is an error
into which politicians of this age and this country
are in little danger of falling. I desire, sir, that
the people of the free States shall be entirely free
from the sin and the reproach of human slavery.
How can this be, so long as the institution is per-
mitted to exist here, or in any Territory of the
United States? Slavery in this District and in
the Territories is under the supreme control of
Congress: and the people of the United States are
responsible for its existence here and there. The
people of the slave States are lesponsible for sla-
very in the several States, because it is a matter
exclusively under their control, and over which
the people of the free States can have no jurisdic-
tion. Sir, I desire whatever there is of sin about
slavery shall be exclusively the property of those
who desire to maintain it and extend it all over
this continent. My constituents want to bear
none of the shame and reproach attached to it,
and therefore would abolish it wherever the Con-
stitution has given to Congress the power.
But in declaring it to be my individual opinion
that Congress ought to abolish and prohibit sla-
very wherever it has the constitutional power to
do so, I do not desire to commit any member of
,the Republican party, unwillingly, to that pol-
icy. 1 am willing that those who think it expe-
dient to refrain from the exercise of this power in
certain localities, shall enjoy their own opinions
on subject, and act upon them. In voting for
the ^solution which I proposed, they would have
done no violence to such opinions. For myself,
I would only inquire where our constitutional
power to abolish slavery extended; and wherever
that might be, I would take it for granted that it
is expedient to cxerciso the power. But the res-
olution was not framed upon this theory. By pro-
posing an inquiry into the expediency of abolish-
ing slavery in places where our power to do so is
admitted, it recognized the question of expediency
as an open question, fit and proper to be consid-
ered, notwithstanding the power might be clear
and unquestionable. Now, although I suppose
that all Republicans admit the power of Congress
to abolish slavery in every portion of our terri-
tory not included within the limits of a sovereign
State, we do not all agree as to the expediency of
exercising that power in certain localities, and
especially in the District of Columbia. It is only
on the question of expediency, however, that we
differ. Why, then, is not this very question of ex-
pediency, upon which alone we do differ, a proper
subject of inquiry?
Perhaps, if the subject was investigated by the
learned committee to which 1 proposed to send
the inquiry, we would all come to think alike
upon it. Perhaps the committee would be able
to convince this House and the country that it
may be expedient to sanction and permit the con-
tinuance of a wrong, while we have it in our
power to suppress it.
Mr, Chairman, I trust I have succeeded in sat-
isfying the most conservative of my Republican
friends that there is nothing in the preamble or
the resolution which I had the honor to propose
to startle or aiaim the most timid. I believe I
haye convinced my southern friends that they
contain nothing njore ^treasonable"and " incen-
diary" than the great cardinal doctrines that all
Republicans subscribe to, namely: that slavery
is morally wrong, and that Congress has full
power to prohibit and abolish it m all our na-
tional territory.
There are, no doubt, many southern gentlemen
who sincerely believe that there is something
very unfair m a doctrine which denies to them
the right to take their slaves-into the Territories,
and hold them there as slaves. I have no doubt
they sincerely believe that this doctrine would
deprive them of an equality of rights in the Ter-
ritories with citizens of the free States. And yet,
sir, laying aside all question as to the morality of
slavery, 1 cannot view the subject in that Tight.
The rule is a general one, applicable alike to all
the States. If it deprives the citizens of South
Carolina of the privilege of holding slaves in the
Territories, it denies to the citizens of Ohio the
same privilege. The only difference is, that there
are more persons in South Carolina than in Ohio
who own slaves, and more, probably, who would
desire to own them in any Territory to which
they might emigrate. If, therefore, the rule would
operate unequally on this account, the inequality
would result from a difference in the circum-
stances and in the tastes of the people of the two
States, and not from any partiality in the rule
itself.
Now, sir, if we may test the fairness of the rule
excludingslaveryfromtheTerritoriesby its effects
upon the people of the South, resulting fiom their
peculiar circumstances and tastes, may we not,
with the same propriety, test the fairness of the
opposite rule by its effects upon the people of the
North, resulting from their peculiar circumstances
and tastes ? Southern gentlemen complain that,
if you exclude slavery from the Territories, you
deprive them of the privilege of using, employ-
ing, and enjoying therein, a peculiar kind of prop-
erty which they have been accustomed to use and
enjoy, and which it is agreeable to their tastes
and inclinations to use and enjoy wheiever they
may go. They say, further, that if slavery i3 per-
mitted to go into a Territory, that Territory will
become a slave State; and thereby the power of
the South will be increased in this House and in
the electoral colleges. Already it is said here that
twenty Representatives on this floor are indebted
to slavery for their seats; and more than twenty
electoral votes were cast for James Buchanan
at the last presidential election based on negro
slavery.
If slavery is excluded from the Territories, it is
said you exclude the augmentation of this power,
by-which the slaveholders arc permitted to have
a representation based on their property in negro
slaves. With at least equal propriety, northern
men may complain, that if you permit slavery in
the Territories, you deprive them of using and
employing therein the means upon which they
have been accustomed to rely for subsistence, and
the only means, as a general rule, upon which
they can rely, and subject them, besides, to a
mode of life and social condition wholly repug-
nant to their tastes and inclinations. And when
the Territories come to form State governments,
they will be slave States, and the slaveholder's
property will form the basis of representation
here, as well as in the Legislatures of the States.
It is said that, m Virginia, the mother of States
and statesmen, under this system of slavery, ten
thousand white men in eastern Virginia, simply
by reason of their slave property, are enabled to
have as great a representation in one branch of
the Legislature of that State as forty thousand
fteemen in western Virginia. This inequality
will exist wlierever slavery is permitted to go.
The property which the northern emigrant lias
to take with him into the Territories consists of
his labor, his skill, his industry, and his ingenu-
ity, Upon the employment of these means he
must depend for a subsistence, wherever he goes;
and he cannot profitably employ them where ne-
gro slavery prevails.
To admit negro slavery into the Toiritonus is
to exclude free labor, to a very great extent; and
to exclude free labor is to exclude immigration
from the northern and western States. But the
prohibition of slavery does not exclude or dimm-
ish immigration from the southern States. On
the contrary, it invites and increases it. It may
tend to deter a class of citizens of the Soutfa from
