1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
bloody struggle, I trust in God that the first fruits of the col-
lision may be reaped here."
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] de-
clared, December 8, 1859:
" Sir, 1 will if 11 you what I would do, if I had the con-
trol of the southern members of this House and the other,
when you clcct John Sherman, as I suppose you will, be-
cause X take it for granted that you will find traitors enough
in the ranks of the northern Democracy to elect him: you
h ive not got the powei in your own ranks, but I reckon you
will take a tew ol theanti-Lecompton northern Democrats
finally to do it. If I had control of the public sentiment,
the very moment that you elect JonN Sherman, thus giv-
ing to the South the example of insult as well as injury, I
would walk every one of us out of the Halls of this Capitol
and c«n?ult our constituents; and I would never enter
again until I was bade to do so by those who had the right
to control. Sir, I go further than that. T would counsel
my constituents instantly to dissolve all political ties with
a party and a people who thus tiamplc on our rights. That
is what X would do."
Mr. Davis,of Mississippi, in the House ofRep-
resentatives, on the 9th December last, declared;
" We aie arming, but not against the Government. We
are arming to put down rebellion against tiie Government.
We are ior the Government. When you presented Fre-
mont as a sectional candidate for the Presidency, repre-
senting the system offree labor in opposition to the bystern
of slave labor, you undertook to seize the Government for
youiselves, m violation of the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution. In doing that, you were guilty of organizing
rebellion against the Goverifment, with a view of diverting
it to pui poses not legitimately its own.
" Though I am not a disunioni&t, yet, if cherishing that
sentiment causes me to be regarded a disunionist,let it be
so. X take the responsibility at home and elsewhere; and
I here say, that I do not concu* with the declaration made
yesterday by the gentleinifr from Tennessee, that the elec-
tion of a Black Republican to the Pi esidency was not cause
for a dissolution of the Union. Whenever a President is
elected by a fanatical majority at the North, those whom I
represent, as I believe, and the gallant State which I, in
part, represent, arc ready, let the consequences be what
they may, to tall back on their reserved rights and say:
'As to this Union, we have no longer any lot or part in
it.'"
So also J.L.M.Curry,ofthe seventh Alabama
district, thus defines his position:
l am not ashamed or afraid publicly to avow that the
€lection of William IX. Seward or Salmon P. Chase, or
any such representative of the Republican party, upon a
sectional platform, ought to be re^stcd to the disiuption of
uvtny lie that binds this Confederacy together. [Applause on
the Democratic side of the House."]
Mr. Crawford, of Georgia, said, December
1G, 1859:
" Now, in regard to the election of a Black Republican
President I have this to say, and X speak the sentiment of
evei y Democrat on this 1loor from the State of Georgia: we
will never submit to the inauguration of a Black Repub-
lican President. [Applause from the Democratic benches,
and hisses 1'iom the Republicans.] I repeat it, sir; and I
have authority to say so; that no Democratic Representa-
tive from Georgia on this floor will ever submit to the in-
augmation of a Black Republican President. [Renewed
applause and hisses."]
Mr. DAVIDSON, of Louisiana, said, Decem-
ber 22d, 1859:
" Is not that the doctrine which these gentlemen have
sent out broadcast? Have not they made up their minds
that th<jy will fight it out to the last? And do you think
that I, tor one, with all my veneration and affection for the
Union; with all the efforts 1 have made to keep our people
straight in the ill-blood and ficrce passions that have raged
in our political contests in the past; I say do you of the
North suppose, under these circumstances, that I am goings
to stand b> and support this Union, witluliese declarations
upon the part of the North before me ?"
Mr. SINGLETON, of Mississippi, said, De-
cember 22d:
" If you desire to know my counsel to the people of Mis-
sissippi, itis. that they take measuies immediately, in con-
junction with other southern States, to separate fiom you.
I believe that the sooner we get out of this Confederation
of States the better it will be for us, as every day we remain
with you, under such ciicumstances,but weakens and'im-
pairs our strength, and renders us less able to cope with
you."
Mr. Moore, of Alabama, said, January 3,1860:
" I should consider the election of such a candidate, by a
not the: n sectional majority, as a declaration of war against
our rights ; and X rejoice in the belief that those whom I
repiesent, and the gallant State to which X owe my first and
highest allegiance, will not hesitate jn such contingency,
lptthc consequences be what they piay,tofall back on their
reserved lights, and declare to the world,4As for this Union,
we have no longer any lot or part in it.'
Mr. Boyce, of South Carolina, in a speech de-
livered January 4, 1860, declared:
" Should this party acquire the ascendency in the Fed-
cial Government, the southern Statfs will have presented
to them the gravest question that can be forced on the con-
sideration of political communities. For my own part, I
think they will be blind not to perccivc the purposes of this
party, and infatuated not to act accordingly."
Mr. Reagan, of Texas, declared January 6,
1660:
" Unless there is some power in the free States to arrest this
agitation, the only way in which the Uni&n can be main-
tained is, that we should make a clear and specific indica-
tion of our rights, and of the conditions upon which we
will remain in political association ; and, if the free States
will not agree to those conditions, then it will be the fir>t
step to a separation, and, I trust, a peaceful separation ; for,
certainly, if this perpetual clamor on a single subject is to
be kept up, to arrest our practical legislation, to vitiate all
friendly association, and to mar all concord and peace
among the people of the Union, the Union, under such
circumstances, is not desirable."
The Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,]
again, on the 16th of January, said;
" Looking confidently to such results, the southern States
ought not, in my opinion, to consent to remain longer in a
Union whose Government would be controlled by a senti-
ment of hostility to their highest and most important in-
terests." *
Mr. Gartrell, of Georgia, on the 11th of Jan-
uary, said:
"I shall announce the solemn fact, disagreeable though
it may be to you as well as to me, to my people as well as
to yours, that if this course of aggression shall be continued,
the people ofthe South, of the slaveholdmg States, will be
compelled, by every principle of justice, of honor, and oi
self-preservation, to 'disrupt every tie that binds them to
the Union, peaceably if they can, forcibly if they must.' "
Mr. Pugh, of Alabama, declared, January 12:
"If, with the character of the Government well defined,
and the rights and privileges of the parties to the compact
clearly asserted by the Democratic party, the Black jRe-
publican* get possession of the Government, then the ques-
tion is fully presented, whether the southern States will
remain in the Union, as subject and degraded colonies, or
will they withdraw, and establish a southern confederacy
of coequal homogeneous sovereigns?
" In iny judgment, the latter is tiie only course compatible
with the honor, equality, and safety of the South; and the
sooner it is known and acted upon, the better for all parties
to the compact."
Who make these threats? Slaveholders and
members from slave States. Why do they make
them? Because we resist the extension of slavery
into all the Territories of the United States. They
desire the extension of the institution; we seek,
as it has been admitted the founders of the Gov-
ernment did, to restrict it to where it is. Here is
the question stated by the Hon. Mr. Crawford,
of Georgia:
" Sir, this question has resolved itself, at last, into a
question of slavery and disunion, or no slavery and Union.
My position is taken; that of my constituents is taken.
The position ofthe Ngrth is taken, and there is no mistak-
ing that position."
The South, says this honorable member ofthe
House, is for slavery and disunion! They threaten
the one, because they cannot extend the other.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] said
in his speech a few days since:
" If I am right, Mr. President, we see here a mass of vast
and associated interests which mutually contribute to the
support of each other, constituting, if I may use the simile,
a mightv arch which, by the concentrated strength and by
the mutual support of "its parts, is able to sustain such a
social superstructure as perhaps is unparalleled in the his-
tory of man—and is it not obvious too, tl\at the very key-
stone of this arch consists in the black maible cap of Afii-
can slaveiy. Knock that out, and the mighty fabric, with
all that it upholds, topples and tumbles to its fall."
Mr. President, if this be so, we are committing
a great mistake. There now stands in the old
Hall of Representatives a female figure of white
marble. Her eye is elevated, and her attitude
unconstrained and easy. In one hand she holds
a shield, and in the other a sword. Upon the
pedestal is inscribed the irrepressible-conflict word
" Freedom;" and it is designed for the top of the
dome of the Capitol. But if the Senator is right,
it should not be placed there. It should be broken;
and her image should be made of black marble or
ebony; upon its hands should be manacles: upon
the front the brand of a slave; and it should be
elevated upon the highest point on the nation's
Legislative Halls; yea, over the very sittings of
the Supreme Court, as an index to all who behold,
that the " cap-stone," the "crowning glory" of
the mighty fabric of human rights and self-gov-
ernment, is this poor miserable victim of " wrong,
cruelty, and oppression"—the African slave S |
Has it come to this, then, that our fathers i
counseled and toiled and fought for the inesti-
mable, inalienable rights of man, and that the
highest, most valuable of them all—that without
which the others would not be worth preserving,
and must perish—is the right to hold a negro m j
slavery? j
But, Mr. President, this is not so. The Sena- j
tor is not right. Slavery is not the key-stone of
this arch; it would not fall if it were removed. It
may better be compared to an unsteady, roiling
cobble-stone admitted into the structure, which
causes it sometimes to tremble; but which, skill-
fully removed, or secured in its place, the whole
may stand securely.
Let not, then, the image be broken. Let it rise
into its place. Let it surmount the dome of this
Capitol. Let it bear the sword and shield. Let
the free man look to it with gratitude and min-
gled shame and admiration; the bondman with
ho'pe and faith; and let it symbolize that higher
state of civilization and equal self-government,
when all nations and all races, each in its proper
place, but all free, shall form one mighty, well-
adjusted temple, whose crowning glory shall be
" equal and exact justice to all men."
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the further con-
sideration of these resolutions be postponed; and
I will then move^to take up the unfinished busi-
ness of Thursday.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
bank issues of the district of columbia. '
Mr. SLIDELL. I move now to take up the
bill regulating the banks in the District of Co-
lumbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Chesnct
in the chair.) That bill is the next business in
order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 50)
to prohibit the issue of bank notes by corpora-
tions, associations, or individuals, within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and further, to prevent the cir-
culation of bank notes issued by any incorporated
company or association of individuals, located
beyond the limits of the District of Columbia, of
a less denomination than twenty dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. When this bill was up on
Thursday, I intended to submit some remarks to
the Senate, but it was then about this time ofthe
day, and I presume the only objcct of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana is to reinstate this bill in the
position in which it stood before. He docs not
propose to have it discussed to-night.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 understand that we may
expect every moment a message from the House
of Representatives that will stop the continuance
of discussion on the bill; but if the Senator does
not mean to speak at length, it is probable he may
be heard to-day.
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot tell how long I
may speak; perhaps three quarters of an hour.
Mr. SLIDELL. Perhaps the Senator may
conclude his remarks now.
Mr SIMMONS. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted.
pike's peak district.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If it be the
pleasure of Senators, the Chair will present a
message from the President of the United States.
["Agreed!"]
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Eight memorials, numerously signed by our
fellow-citizens, " residents, for the most part, -
within the territorial limits of Kansas and Ne-
braska, at and near the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains," have been presented to me, con-
taining the request that I would submit the con-
dition of the memorialists to the two Houses of
Congress, in a special message. Accordingly, 1
transmit four of these memorials to the Senate,
and four to the House of Representatives.
These memorialists invoke the interposition of
Congress and the Executive for "the early ex-
tinguishment of the Indian title, a consequent sur-
vey and sale of the public lands, and the estab-
lishment^ an assay office in the immediate and
daily reach of the citizens of that region." They
also urge "the erection of a new Territory from
contiguous portions of New Mexico, Utah, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska," with the boundaries setforth
in their memorial. They further state, if this re-
quest should not be granted, " that (inasmuchas
during this year a census is to be taken) an en-
abling act be passed with provisions, upon con-
dition that if, on the 1st day of July, I860, thirty
thousand resident inhabitants be found within the
limits of the mineral region, then a_ territorial
government is constituted by Executive procla-
mation ; or if, on the 1st day of December, 1860,
one hundred and fifty thousand shall be returned,
then a State organization to occur."
