1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
and Oiiio railroad. It will make a route forty-
six miles shorter than that by the junction. It
will be a saving of two dollars a ton on freight
brought to this city, and two dollars, according
to the present rates of fare, upon every passenger
coming from the West to this city. It shortens
the time two or three hours both going arid com-
ing, and gentlemen from the West, who always
look so anxiously for their mails, will receive
them several hours sooner when that road shall
be completed.
I think the great benefits of this franchise ought
to be conferred upon the people of this District.
The company say that if you will give them the
franchise, they will finish this important work
immediately. By the provisions of this bill, they
cannot use one dollar of the profits for any pur-
pose except for the extension of this road to the
Point ot Rocks. Upon the other side, dividends
will be declared; and those dividends will be en-
joyed—and properly enough, if you give them
the franchise—by those who invest their capital
in the construction of this work. In the other case,
the Metropolitan Railroad Company will raise
money enough to construct this work.
I cannot undertake now to elaborate my reasons
for what I urge, and it would be impolitic to at-
tempt it under the present circumstances. But I
must advert to a few objections which have been
raised to the Metropolitan Railroad Company. It
has been said that it has been in existence several
years and has accomplished nothing. Its sub-
scription list amounts to $500,000, with $50,000
paid in. That money has been expended in mak-
ing necessary surveys, and doing some work
within the limit of its charter. That charter has
now about six years to run. The reason why the
company has not proceeded in the prosecution of
the work is, that a difficulty has arisen m ref-
rence to the subscription of the city of George- |
town. Congress authorized, in its zeal to carry I
out this work, the city of Georgetown to sub- ,
scribe $250,000 of its stock. Tlie subscuption
was made, and £25,000 was. paid upon it. Some
difficulty then arising between the Mayor of that
city and the company, for reasons which I do
not clearly understand, he refused to carry out
the ordinance of the city by refusing to sign his
name to the bonds. This difficulty arising, and
not receiving the installments of the subscription
of the city of Georgetown, the directors of the
company "did not—very properly, too—undertake
to make their private subscribers pay up their
subscriptions. That question is still in abeyance;
but I venture to assert that few lawyers will un-
dertake to say that the company cannot enforce
that subscription.
1 refer to this matter not for the purpose of
stirring up any local quarrel. I know but little
about them, and care to know no more. All I
know is, that the petitions I have had the honor
to present represent $335,000 capital; §250,000 of
which is represented by the proxies ot the cor-
poration of Georgetown. JThe whole amount
required for this road, by a revision of the esti-
mates, is §1,800,000. 1 have myself carefully gone
over these elaborate estimates. It can be put
in running order, with all the motive power, and
finished up to the Point of Rocks. I am satisfied,
from the evidence brought before me, that the
Metropolitan company can accomplish this great
purpose; can build the railroad, and complete it,
withm four or five years, to the Point of Rocks;
and I am pet fectly willing that an amendment
shall be offered limiting the term to five years,
after which period the charter may be forfeited.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker,
it is very evident that we cannotcome to an agree-
ment on lhis subject by discussing the several
projects. I desire to have a vote on this propo-
sition. I do not caie whether it shall be adopted,
or whether any of them shall be adopted. It is
necessary that an announcement shall benuiae in
the Mouse this evening, and befoie it is much
la'er. 1 therefore hope that the bill will be laid
aside, with the amendments, to bo voted on in the
Hons.. , „
The CHAIRMAN. Thegontlemanfromivlary-
Lu;d I Air. Hughes] desires an amendment to be
K Mr.SlARIl. I object, until I say a word or
two. 1 am a member of the committee, and I
dt sire to say two words. I have no amendment
to offer, but I desire to be heard for it moment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Well, I yield
the floor to the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. BARR. Everybody in the House is in
favor of a railroad m this city. Now, the ques-
tion is, what party shall have it?
Mr. CARTER. I object to my colleague speak-
ing, unless the gentleman from Michigan relin-
quish the floor altogether.
Mr. BARR. It is too late to object now.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chairman, I have not
relinquished the floor.
Mr. BARR. I ask the committee to look at
the bill and see what they are going to give away.
The first section says that the company shall lay
the track along such streets as shall be desig-
nated by the engineer. They can run, if they
choose, their cars loaded with lumber, cattle, coal,
and everything else, past the private houses of
the citizens.
Mr. HUGHES. My amendment corrects that.
Read my amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I ask that the
bill and all the amendments be laid aside, for the
purpose of having a vote upon them in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Hughes.]
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
At the end of line twenty-two, section nine, insert:
Jlnd pror<ded further, That nothing herein contained
shall be so eon&trued or understood as loauthoiize theiun-
ninir ol freight trains or the transpoitntion of freight on
Pennsylvania avenue, except that portion of the same ex-
tending Iroui the eastern ahuthient of the aqueduct bridge
to K &tieet, north of the Circle, as specified m this section.
Mr. BURNETT. That obviates every objec-
tion.
Mr. BARR. No, it does not.
TheCHAlRMAN. This amendmer.tcan only
come in by unanimous consent.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. The amendment can be
offered in the House.
Mr. NOELL. I do not know that the gentle-
man from Kentucky is authorized to say that.
Mr. BURNETT. I say it because the Speaker
will certainly lecognize the gentleman who has
charge of the bill in the House.
Mr. BARIiL I object to the amendment being
received.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection is well
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Then I move
that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the Chair, Mr. Wasuburxe, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had bad under
consideration, as a special order, the business for
the District of Columbia, and had directed him
to report, with the recommendation that it do pass,
House bill No. 679, to reimbiuse the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
a sum of money advanced towards the construc-
tion of the Little Falls bridge; and, also,_that it
had under consideration House bill No. 678, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that Senate bill No. 202,
to reimburse the corporation of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, a sum of money ad-
vanced towards the construction of the Little
Falls bridge, be substituted for House billNo. 679.
The. motion was agreed to.
The Senate bill was then read the third time,
and passed. .
Mr. CARTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CURTIS. I understand that in reference
to this raihoad bill there was a misapprehension
' in committee. It was mtendod that the bill shoiud
' be reported back to the House, and it has not
been so reported. I suggest thai we should go
a"ain into committee, and consider anu report it.
V BARR. 1 object to that.
Mr. NOELL. The matter was well under-
stood in committee. .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois As chair-
man of the committee, I can state what the facts
it were. A motion was made by the gentleman
i: from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that the bill be
sl reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do pass, with the understanding that cer-
tain amendments should come in in the House.
That could only be done by unanimous consent.
The Chair asked if there was unanimous eonsent,
and the gentleman from New York on the right,
[Mr. Barr,] and the gentleman from New York
on the left, [Mr. Hoard,] distinctly objected.
The gentleman from Michigan then moved that
the committee rise, and that motion was carried.
Mr. CARTER. As this day was set apart for
the business of the District of Columbia, and
there are yet some private bills that ought to be
acted on, I move that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Ur.ion for the purpose
of acting on those bills.
The question was taken; and the Speaker an-
nounced that the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I call for a division.
Mr. ELY obtained the floor.
Mr. CARTER. With the permission of my
colleague, I will ask the unanimous consent of
the House that another day be set apart for the
consideration of the business of the District of
Col umbia, as a very small portion of that business
has been done to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I called for a di-
vision.
The SPEAKER. A division on what? ,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. On the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the call
conies too late.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I called for a divi-
sion before any announcement was made of the
result of the vote.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman is enti-
tled to a division.
The House divided on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and there were—ayes twenty-six; noes
not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I wish to make
a suggestion. The business of the District of
Columbia is about to be interrupted. We cannot
give them another whole day. I propose that we
shall take up this business by unanimous consent
the first thing on Monday morning, and give them
two hours.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
DEATH OF HON. SILAS M. BURROUGHS.
Mr. ELY. Mr. Speaker, in the midst of our
absorbing deliberations, in the midst of the ex-
citements of partisan struggles, and, if you will,
of sectional animosities, we are reminded once
more of the emptiness and vanity of earthly and
temporal pursuits, or, at least, of the danger of
overrating their importance.
As the Representative from a neighboring dis-
tiict, it becomes my painful duty to announce to^
the House of Representatives the death of one of
its members. The Hon. Silas M. Burroughs,
late a Representative from the thirty-first district
of New York, on this floor, is no more. He ex-
pired on Sunday morning last, at his residence
at Medina, after a protracted and painful illness.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that the brief space which
has elapsed since his decease has not allowed me
sufficient time to collect and arrange the interest-
ing incidents of his active and useful life. Espe-
cially do I lament my inability to state the cir-
cumstances of his early life; for that is the period
in which the character is formed, and the future
career shaped and predestined* But, sir, if the
maxim be true that "the boy is father to the
, man," I feel warranted in assuming that the
youthful career of the lamented friend and col-
league whose obsequies we now celebrate would
furnish an example worthy of imitation. I only
know that he was bom at the town of Ovid, in
Sencca county, New York, on the 16th day of
July, 1610; that in 1818, the family removed to
Shelby, Orleans county; that in 1831 he engaged
in mercantile business at Medina; which, how-
ever, he* soon abandoned, and commenced the
study of law. He was admitted to the bar in
1837, and was elected to the Legislature the same
year. Though succcsslul at the bar, he, through
life, devoted most of his time and talents to public
affairs, and succeeded in honorably connecting his
