1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Well, sir, the gentleman then goes on and makes
another statement, not about the few, but about
the great bod/ of the people. He says: " Where
was your reverence for the Constitution ?"
Mr. BINGHAM. That is another matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will read from the
gentleman's reported speech. " I am speaking of
her politicians," says Mr. Bingham. He was
speaking of Virginia when I took exception to his
remarks. After I took exception to his remarks,
then, as now, he did speak of her politicians. If
he had only spoken of them 1 would not have had
a word to say. Ho goes further. He passes by i
thesepoliticians, whom he is pleased to praise, and
he speaks of the great body of Virginians. How
does bre characterize them? He characterizes
them as a set of narrow, bigoted, selfish, merce-
nary men.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is, her politicians.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; her people.
I read again:
"Mr. Bingham. 1 am speaking of her politicians; and
I wish to say that then, ever since, and now, the South had
and has men superior to all such narrow, bigoted, selfish,
mercenary prejudices and practices."
'Who do you speak of here ? Those who speak
as you imagine as you do. But, sir, you are
leaving the great body of the people of the South
to be thus characterized, my State among them.
Is there any mistake about that? Now, in the
face of the glorious history of our Commonwealth;
in the face of all that Virginia has done; in the
face of her noble generosity in giving to the Union
the State which the gentleman from Ohio in part
represents upon this floor; in the face of all of her
history, so triumphant and glorious, the gentle-
man dares to designate her people as selfish, and
bigoted, and mercenary. Am I not right, then,
when I say that the man who makes that charge
against the people of my State is guilty of calum-
ny, and is himself a deliberate calumniator? Most
assuredly I am.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman talks, by
way of illustration, of the dangers of going into
Virginia. I say to him that there is danger in a
man going into our Commonwealth of Virginia,
with a lighted torch in his hand to fire our social
and political edifice. When a man goes there to
light up the flames of servile war, he does go
there at his peril. And what sort of illustration
io that he gives of Mr. Underwood ? Mr. Under-
wood was a man who was treated with the most
extraordinary tenderness. Ho came among us,
bought land, sat down in our midst, and then
deliberately went to work to destroy our social
system. I say that he was treated with a tender-
ness which would have been extended to him,
under the circumstances, by few States in this
Union. Who is it that makes the illustration?
Did the gentleman from Ohio never hear of mobs
in Ohio? Does he not know that there and else-
where in the free States mobs violate the laws of
the United States? Docs he not know that they
violate the Constitution of the United States in
his own State? Is that not notorious? Can we
there enforce a law that is distasteful? Can we
even get a witness when we send for him unless
it suits the temper of the people where ho resides ?
And more than that and worse than that, when a
man, who has sought to carry fire and sword into
a sovereign State,-and to flood it with the blood
of its citizens and our citizens, escapes beyond
the jurisdiction of that State, and the executive
demands his delivery up under the Constitution,
the Governor of the gentleman's own State re-
fuses to deliver him up to justice. Are we to have
lectures on order and propriety from such quarter
as that?
It was not my intention to extend these remarks.
I simply wanted to repel the attack made upon my
State especially, and the South in general. I have
done it; and I do not wish to be drawn into a gen-
eral discussion, which wil 1 interfere with the rights
of others.
Mr. GAItTRELL. I now renew my motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole ontha state
of the Union.
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust the gentleman and
the House will allow me to set the gentleman from
Virginia right upon the record. He draws upon
his imagination for his facts, and upon his fancy
for his argument, in order to make good his asser-
tion, which 1 hope he will have tiie candor to take
back, having called his attention to the record, as
reported here, that I had made no such charge
against the body of the people of Virginia as that
they were " mercenary." 1 say again, human in-
genuity cannot torture my language into any such
charge. The words arc here—they are correctly
reported; and the gentleman shall not tear them
from their connection. He does not oven do me
the justice to repeat what I have just said in reply
to him—that I believed that a large majority of the
people of Virginia were superior to all such mer-
cenary prejudice. The words had scarcely died
upon my lips before the gentleman gets up and
makes the dogmatic assertion that I stsfrcu that
the whole people of Virginia were a mercenary
crew.
I never uttered such words, nor arc any such
^reported ofmc. The language which I used be-
fore, as reported, excludes all such conclusion;
and my language this morning ought to silencc
all such complaint, because I expressly declared
that I believed a majority of the people of every
State of the Union, not excepting a single south-
ern State, were superior to all such mercenary
considerations.
1 stated that I meant just what is stated in my
reported remarks, and that language is confined
to her politicians. But the gentleman thinks now
that what I never said is a great calumny. lie
insists upon making some kind of an issue with
me; and he thinks, or soems to think, it was a
great calumny for me to say—as I did say the
other day—that " Virginia saw, and felt in every
fiber of her existence, that she must either throw
off this giant wrong, or perish by reason of its
continuance."
The gentleman says now it is a libel, a calumny
upon the people of Virginia. A calumny upon
the people of Virginia to do what? To say that
she " saw and felt in every fiber of her existence
that she must either throw off this giant wrong
or perish by reason of its continuance."
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia, (in his seat.) I said
the other was a calumny.
Mr. BINGHAM. What, sir, what is a cal-
umny? That her politicians ostracize men, and
hold them as enemies who arc in favor of eman-
cipation ? He admits that they ostracized Under-
wood, and he can give no reason for that, other
than that he was the opert and avowed friend of
emancipation. He cannot make good his asser-
tion, if he undertakes to say that any other reason
was ever given for the rude manner in which that
man was treated in Virginia, cxcept that he was
the open and avowed friend of emancipation. Is
it a calumny, then, to charge the truth in this be-
half? The gentleman himself concedes the fact
to be as I have stated.
But the gentleman turns back, and says that the
assertion that Virginia " saw and felt in every
fiber of her existence that she must either throw
off this giant wrong or perish by reason of its con-
tinuance" was not true. I ask the gentleman to
go back with me, and examine the position of
some of the distinguished men of Virginia in the,
years 1830-32, who received the approval of the
whole people of Virginia, at the ballot-boxes,
about that time, and see if they did not occupy
precisely that position. The men in Virginia who
occupied that position in Virginia at that time,
were multitudinous, and I could not hope to Enu-
merate them, and do justice to them in the very
short time allowed to me under the rules of this
House What was the position of George Mason
but that which came to be adopted by the lead-
ing statesmen of Virginia in 1830and 1832? Was
George Mason a representative man of the Vir-
ginia of his day > What was the position of Gov-
ernor McDowell of that day?
Mr, ASHMORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of order. Is all this debate in order,
pending a motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. BINGHAM. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to make good my statement here.
Mr. ASHMORE. The gentleman has already
reiterated his statement half a dozen times.
Several Voices. Let him go on.
Mr. ASHMORE. I am not tenacious about
the matter.
Mr. BINGHAM. I only wish to say that it
is historically true that Virginia, at that time,
" saw and felt in every fiber of her existence that
she must cither throw off this giant wrong, or
perish in its embrace;" and to make that plain, I
propose to read some extracts from the debates
of the convention of Virginia in 1832. I will read
from the remarks of Governor McDowell, who
was crowned by the sovereignty of the whole
people of Virginia her chief executive, than whom
a worthier or better man has not since lived any-
where, either within the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia or within the limits of this Republic.
And allow mo to state, in this cyinection, that
I repel the insinuation of the gentleman thatl am
capable of doing wanton injustice to the Common-
wealth of Virginia. While I denounce the mer-
cenary prejudices and policy of her politicians, I
recognize her, and proudly recognizc her, as the
virgin mother,not only of that Statewhich I have
the honor in part to represent upon this floor, but
also of her sister States in the Northwest Territory,
and numbering, in addition to Ohio, four others;
and which five States embrace within their territo-
riallimitsapopulation equal in intelligent,moral
character, and all the arts of civilization, to any
other six million people who have lived upon this
planet since Adam first awoke upon it. Yes,
sir, I recognizc Virginia, the ancient Common-
wealth to which the gentleman referred so pa-
thetically, as the mother not only of States, but
of that free Constitution under which wc live. I
recollcct well, that Virginia, the ancient Virginia,
was foremost among all the States of the Repub-
lic in calling for the formation of a Federal Con- -
stitution, thereby to enable the people, by Federal
legislation, to protect the free labor of her free
men,and aid them in the dcvclopmcntof her great
resources. I recollect well that Virginia, in her
resolution of instruction to her delegates to the
first constitutional convention, which sat at An-
napolis, carefully gave them special instructions
to the cff^ct that the Government should be so
formed that the free and unfettered industry of
Virginia and of this country, in every section and
State of the Union, might be protected by Federal
law. And now, to make good my statement of
the sentiments and convictions of Virginia in
1830-32, I beg leave to read from the debates in
her Legislature in 1832. Governor McDowell
said:
" Who that looks to this unhappy bondage of an unhappy
people, in the midst of our tociety, nnd thinks of its inci-
dent-? or issues, but weeps over it as a cur?e as great upon
him who inflicts it as upon him who sudors it
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, Is that the Helper
book from which you arc reading?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am reading from the re-
marks of Governor McDowell.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But I want t© know
the name of the book you are reading from.
Mr. ASHMORE. I think we have had enough
of Helper's book.
Mr. GAIITRELL. I renew my motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has not the
floor to make that motion.
Mr. ASHMORE. I think enough has been
said upon both sides, and I insist upon the mo-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but one word more.
I want to know of the gentleman from Virginia
if he is willing to repudiate the language'of Gov-
ernor McDowell, in 1832, and of Governor Wise,
in 1856? I have referred to the language of Gov-
ernor McDowell, and if gentlemen will bear with$
me, I will refer to a speech of Governor Wise,
made at Alexandria, in 1856. He said, when
speaking of Virginia, and to Virginians:
" Commerce has long sign spread her sails and sailed away
from you. You have not, as yet, dug more than coal enough
to warm yourselves at your own hearths; you have set no
tilt-hammer of Vulcan to strike blow-* worthy of gods in
yourown iron foundcries : you have notyet ^pun more than
coarse cotton enough, m the way of manufacture, to clothe
your own slaves. You have no commerce, no mining, no
manufacture?. You have relied alone on the single power
of agriculture—and such a ricvlturc! Your sedge patches
out-shine the sun. Your inattention to your only source of
wealth lias seared the very bosom of mother earth, instead
of having to feed cattle on a thousand lulls, you have chased
the .stump-tailed bteer through the sedge patches to becure
a tough beef-steak."'
And I think it is because the venerable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Smith] has been living
on that kind of bcef-stcak that he is so cranky on
this subjcct this morning. [Laughter.]
Governor Wise continues:
"The present condition of things has existed too long In
Virginia. The landlord haa tkinncd the tenant, and the
tenant has skinned the land, until all have grown poor to-
gether."
