842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In presenting th,ese memorials to Congress, I
recommend that such provision may be made for
the protection and prosperity of our fcilow-ciii-
zftiis at aud near the eastern slope of the Rocky
Mountains as their distance and the exigencies of
their condition may require from their Govern-
ment,. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, February 20, I860.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, the message was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and or-
dered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns on Tuesday, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to. a
DEATH OF HON. WILLIAM 0. GOODE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk,
announcing the death, during the recess of Con-
gress, of Hon. William 0. G-oode, a member
elect of that House from the State of Virginia,
and communicating the proceedings of the liouse
thereon.
T he resolutions of the House of Representatives
were read, as follows:
In the House of Representatives,
_ February HQ. lt&O.
Resolved^ That this House has learned, with feelings of
deep regiet, the death of Hon. Willi ui 0. Goode, a mem-
ber elect to the House of Representatives from the State of
Vngtma.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect for the memory
ol the deceased, the member* and officers of this House
will wear the usual badge of mourning foi thirty days.
Resolvedy That the pioeeeding-s in relation to the death of
Hon. William O. Goode be communicated to the family
of the deceased by the Clerk.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of roepeetto the mem-
ory 1the deceased, this> House do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk eommuuieatc a eopy of the fore-
going proceedings to the Senate.
Atteat: j. \y. FORNEY, Clerk.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I offer the
following' resolutions:
_ Resolved, mianimoush,> That the member of the Senate
from a sincere desire of showing eveiv mark of iV* 0ct
due to the memory of Hon. William <). Goode deeded
late a Representative from the Siau: of Virginia, will no
mourning by wearing ciape on the left arm tor thirty
Resolved, unanimously, That, as a further markofre«ner*t
jouri'0 memotyof the deceased, the Senate do now ad-
February 20,
I propose these resolutions as the usual tribute
of respect to the memory of a deceased member
of the House of Representatives. From the Sen-
ate, they may be taken as a formal honor to the
dead, but for me, they speak the feelings which
have grown out of the associations and familiar
intercourse of years. As this intercourse became
more mtimatc, I may truly say so grew mv re-
spect and affection for the deceased, whose char-
acter was one of the purest and noblest which t
have known in public of in private life.
, Wij-LIAM o. Goode was born in the county of
-Mecklenburg, Virginia, on the 15th day of Sep-
tember, 1798. After graduating at Wilham and
Mary College, he came to the bar in his native
county, where he was fast acquiring reputation,
when his fellow-oitizens elected him to the House
of Delegates of Virginia. Young as he was, at
that time, he was soon ranked amon"- the first
men of tile House, and such was the position held
by him in public estimation, that he was elected
iaoo'm . r tV th.G .constitutional convention, in
J8~J, svhen Virginia called into that service her
most distinguished citizens. Prom this time forth
lie was almost constantly in the public service'
n ttl0 House of Delegates of Virginia or ill :
<■ R-cpN'scntativesoftheUnitedStates,
of which he was a recently elected member when
he died of consumption, on the 3d of July, 1859
During this period he was sometimes fb^ed , '
the state of his health to retire from public life;
but, not withstanding this, lie brdv< !y kept up for
nearly tmrty years, a constant struggle between
he insidious disease which was slowly sappino-
his hold upon life and drying up the sources of
his vigor,-on the one hand, and his imdymo- en-
ergies and unflinchiris* fidelity to duty on the other
He was twice elected to constitutional conven-
tions in Virginia, was always a distinguished mem-
ber of her Legislature, and was more than once
elected to tile Speakership of the Hru^e nf [>1«.
gates, over which he presided with so much abil- '
i!y and impartiality that no appeal was ever taken
from his decisions. j
In the debate which took place in the Virginia !
Assembly during the session after the Southamp- I
ton tragedy, a debate memorable in the annals of !
that State, however little it may be known with- i
out her limits, he took a leading part. For elo- j
quence, ability, and intrepidity, He was deservedly j
ranked among the foremost men on that occa-
sion. During the greater part of the time in which j
he was a member of the House of Representa- j
tives, he was so disabled by physical disease that i
almost any other man would have given up the I
struggle^nd claimed an exemption from labor and j
service. JVot so with him; his energy was the [
last thing to die about him; and to the end he 1
faithfully discharged lnsduty as a Representative, j
It' is enough to say of him that in the face of these !
physical difficulties he served, and served satis- 1
factorily, one of the proudest districts ill Virginia;
a district which had been represented by such
men as Giles, and Archer, and Dromgoole.
Intensely State rights in his political principles,
and an ardent lover of Virginia, he never faltered
in the support of the one or cooled for a moment
in his devotion to the other. Consistent, pure,
and true to his sense of duty in all the relations of
public and of private life, his career was such as
the proudest might envy. A kind and just master,
an affectionate and exemplary father, an able and
virtuous politician, and\asincere Christian, he so
lived in this world as to be not afraid to meet the
awful mysteries of the next.
Mr. President, I have told the simple story of
a life not distinguished by brilliant achievements 1
or graced by promotion to the highest offices of
State. But, on the other hand, it cannot be said
of his, as of the lives of so many who have left
their shilling marks upon the page of history,
that the skillful eulogist must know what to con-
ceal as well as what" to narrate. The difficulty
with me is that I cannot make this talc of life com-
plete in all its parts. If I could give you in its
very truth the whole experience of the lite-Ion"
struggle of such a man, I should devcJope to yoS
the constant growth of the empire of the moral
and immortal principle over a human soul until it
sj h vr./i t j-wi nirtrtim... 4-^-. !. . . 1 . _
j 7 1  j iiuumu ujj hi 1c j |
had mastered the passions to which so many of j<
the heroes of this world have yielded themselves j
the subjects and victims. I should depict to you
a man who had so strengthened and trained his will I
by repeated trials and victories as to be able to make ! j
the fiercest of his passions the ministers, and not I
the arbiters, of his fate. If one such history could !
indeed be fully told, there would, perhaps, be more 11
of human interest in it than in many of those tales H
of material conquests in which the world delHits. ' i
Such, I believe, if I could tell it, would be the <1
story of the life of Willi\a O. Goode. Forcer- il
tam it is that for years he walked through the < '
temptations, both of public and private hfe, with' !'
garments not only unsoilod by the vile mire of I
corruption, but untainted even by the breath of i
suspicion. And when he felt that his course on '
earth was run, he descended with a fearless spirit i
and an even tread into that dark valley in whose i
weird shadows the forms of mortal life all disap-
pear to return no more. For he believed, with 1
all the sincerity of Christian faith, that he had i
tile promise of an all-powerful and a friendly hand !
to part the clouds from his pathway, and to guide I
nun to a higher and a better life. j
Mr. CLAY. I rise to second the motion of the 1
Senator from Virginia, and to express my cordial
concurrence m what he has so eloquently and so ■
, feelingly sa,d of the virtues and the worth of I
I Goode. My personal acquaintance 1
. with liun was not long or intimate; but I think ''
I knew iiim well enough to learn the prominent i
traits of his character, the distinguishing qualities ; i
conduct™1' prevailing principles of his j
When I first entered the Senate, he was a Ren- ii
resentative m Congress fmm the Petersburg dis- 'i
trict of the State of Virginia, which place ho
continued to fill until his death, T sought h's ac "
qiiaintance, because lie represented the?county in
which my mother was born, whereherparentsand
grandparents and many col lateral relatives had re-
sided, and where some had died and been buried
I sought him as a medium or lmk of connection
I I m<- kindred.
I had mn'e j' seen, and whose f ices had breo for-
ever hidden from my sigh' by the black vail of
death. 1 was drawn to him by that mvs'ic lord
of tender end saci h! feeling that binds us first and
closest to our relatives, next to our friends, then
to the rest of mankind, and ultimately and eter-
nally to the Great Parent of all love.
He won my favor, at our first interview, by his
gentle, affable, and dignified manners, and com-
municative and entertaining conversation; and my
esteem and regard for him grew with our acquaint-
ance. He was, in every just sense of the term, a
gentleman: a man of strict in tegrity, whom no temp-
tations could seduce; of sensitive honor, who re-
coiled at the slightest touch of shame: of pure pur-
pose and chaste speech: ofcandorand simplicity;
of civil manners and high bearing; of proper re-
spect for himself, and due regard for the rights of
others. He venerated truth for its own sake, and
abhorred all compromise with error. He was gov-
erned by principle, and never yielded it to policy.
He cherished what was right,and contemned what
was merely expedient. He aspired to noble ends,
and approached them by honorable means. He
scorned all the masks aud mummeries, the indi-
rection and duplicity, the simulation and dissim-
ulation, the clap-trap and contrivance with which
baseness seeks preferment. His principles and
purposes, his means and ends, were freely exhib-
ited, and fully understood, by foes as well as
friends. He had the self-reliance and courage of
conscious rectitude; ami n«rer shrunk from dan-
ger, or shuddered at responsibility, or shirked his
duty. He was no dodging demagogue, or timor-
ous time-server, or purehasable^pati-iot, but an
honest man, and a firm friend of whosoever or
whatsoever was right, true, and just.
His frequent elections to high and responsible
offices were no less creditable to his electors than
to himself; for they evinced a proper estimate of
true manhood, of fearless maintenance of princi-
ple, and unfaltering fidelity in the discharge of
duty. He was necessarily a faithful public ser-
vant; for such a man could find no enjoyment in®
any pastime or relaxation purchased by neglect
of official duty. No one, perhaps, was more punc-
tual m his attendance upon the sittings of the
House, or the committee of which he was a mem-
ber; more diligent in seeking knowledge and un-
derstanding of the measures pending before them,
or more prompt in resisting the wrongs and de-
fending the rights of his constituents. Even when
emaciated and enfeebled by long-protracted sick-
ness, after nights of restlessness and pain he was
among the first at his seat in the House of Repre-
sentatives. Although sinking daily, for many
years, under the constant and harassing assaults
of that good 01'evil demon, Death, who never la<*s
or falters m pursuit of man, from his cradle to his
grave, that faithful sentinel never slept upon his
watch or abandoned his post or failed to challenge
whoever menaced the peace and security of those
whom he guarded. His constituents never lost
anything by his absence or neglect or inattention
or silence. He knew his duty, and lie did it cheer-
fully, at any sacrifice of his pleasure or personal
comfort, and even at the expense of his health
and the hazard of his life. His constant and cour-
ageous spirit seemed to triumph over the weak-
ness of his body, and, like a generous cordial, to
impart to it fresh vitality and strength
He was not only a faithful, bin an efficient pub-
lic servant. Nature was generous in his men Ml
endowments, aud 'ie improved them well. His
J mind was severely disciplined and thoroughly
trained in his youth by acad. mic studies, and was
actively exercised thereafter n, the investigation
and solution of the difficult problems of the law-
yer and the statesman. He was, to the dose „f
career, a literary laborer,constantly plying the
oai, and striving to ascend the stream of knowl-
edge, that he might imbibe it fresh and unth filed
at its fountain. He entered upon the examination
of every question with the calm and candid spirit
of an earnest seeker of truth, and brought to bis
aid the advnntagi s of a strong mind. wT || stun d
With knowledge and habituatul to all the exer-
cises of the intellectual gymnasia. lf« wis'n-i
tient and thorough m his investigations, anx.ouLl'y
testing every piopositmn by the (ouchsione ' of
reason, and carefully separating the ,„lr,. <„,|d of
' J ' { 1ilj i ^ ii!
truth from the dross of error Hi* sne
play his characii rand habits, methodical
_ 1ll() rn>1P,ns.h „ n'_.
