420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Positions of Parties—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Keps. ■
the country. Government, in their estimation,
has nothing to do with that. It may be consti-
tutional and eminently proper for the Govern-
ment to employ all its power in protecting the
sfove property of a few southern gentlemen who
liiay emigrate to our Territories, but protection
to free LABOR is a very different thing; and grave
doubts are expressed at once as to the right of the
Government to meddle at all in such a matter.
The Republican party believe it to be the duty
of the national Government to promote the gen-
eral welfare, by affording adequate protection
to the industrial interests of the American people,
against all foreign competition whatsoever. They
do not ask protection for one class or one section
of the country at the expense of another, but de-
mand the adoption of a wise policy, which shall
benefit the business of the whole country. This,
we believe, can be accomplished in the imposition
of duties, by a proper discrimination in favor of
those interests which need the fostering aid of
Government. Why any one should object to this
policy I cannot understand. All history is fruit-
ful of facts in its favor. Never, in any country,
have manufactories been established in the face
o£free trade with other nations and without that
protection Government only can bestow.
1 like the teachings of the New Testament on
questions of political economy. St. Paul bids us
" Do good unto all men as we have opportunity,
but especially to the household of faith."
That is, take care of yourselves and your own
families and country first, and then do good unto
others as opportunity offers.
Self-preservation or protection is the first law
of nature, and as necessary to nations as individ-
uals. Our true policy is to import no more than
our natural exports will pay for, and thus keep
the most of the gold we have in our own country,
instead of sending it to Europe. In this way we
shall build up manufactories of our own, and fur-
nish constant and profitable employment for our
laboring men. The farmer would have a good
home market, with steady prices, for his produce,
and the whole country would prosper. Under this
policy, England has become the wealthiest nation
m the world; and if we are wise we shall follow
her example. *
I appeal to the workingmen of the land for their
support; for it is of more importance to the labor
than the capital of the country. Let the policy
of the Democratic party be persevered in a few
years longer, and our workingmen would be re-
duced to the condition of slaves, deprived of the
luxuries of life, and toiling for a bare subsistence.
But adopt the policy we advocate, and enforce it
permanently, and the result will be good wages
for the workingmen, good prices for the products
of our farmers, and a gold currency for the busi-
ness of the country. Its beneficent influences
would extend to every part of the nation, and our
whole country would rapidly become rich, power-
ful, and independent.
Our policy in relation to the public lands is well
understood by the people, and meets with their
unqualified approval. The homestead bill, as it
passed this House, must sooner or later become
a law, and under its operation our national do-
main , no longer monopolized by speculators, will
be converted into homes for an intelligent and
hardy yeomanry—the fit custodians of the liber-
ties of their country.
The Republican party are in favor of making
such appropriations for light-houses, harbors,and
other facilities to navigation, as are necessary to
the prosperity of the growing commerce on the
great lakes of the Northwest. The past and pres-
ent Democratic Administrations have paid no at-
tention to our wants, and 1 feel assured that we
need not hope for any until the Republican party
are in power. I am no advocate of any extended
system of internal improvements, for the benefit
of particular localities only, but this commerce of
the lakes is national in its character, and can no
more be called local than that of the Atlantic.
If it is the duty of the national Government to
construct harbors on the seaboard, it is just as
clearly their duty to constiuct them along the
thousands of miles of our lake coasts, so that our
commercial marine may find a refuge in rough
Weather, and life and propei ty be safe from the
fury of the elements. The average loss on these
lakes is twice as great, in proportion to the num-
ber of men and vessels employed, as it is on the
Atlantic.
I have no recent account of the annual losses
on these lakes, but learn, from an official docu-
ment before me, that in four years previous to
and ending in 1851, over five hundred lives
were lost, and upwards of "two million dollars'
worth of property? This loss falls almost exclu-
sively on the early settlers of a new country, and
is owing mainly to the absence of harbors, and
obstructions to the entrance of those which do
exist. Surely something should be done by the
national Government to save these men, who arc
subduing the wilderness and whc^traffic on these
waters, from so much suffering and loss.
Sir, these lakes would be called seas in the Old
World. They cover over ninety thousand square
miles, and constitute a great national and conti-
nental highway for the trade of the United States
and British America. On one side they are the
boundary of several large and powerful States,
and on the other of a portion of the British em-
pire. A large number of vessels now leave the lake
ports for Europe, and a great and rapidly-increas-
ing commerce is carried on upon them between
the different States and British America.
Buffalo, Cleveland, Detroit, Milwaukee, and
Chicago, are the principal cities; and, though noth-
ing hut villages thirty years ago, the tonnage of
either one of them now exceeds that of any south-
em city, except New Orleans. The tonnage of
Chicago is seven thousand tons larger than that"
of Charleston. Her receipts of lumber exceed
those of any other port in the country, and her
exports of grain are larger than those of any city
in the world. To accommodate this vast trade,
great numbers of vessels arrive and depart daily,
and a forest of masts may be seen extending for
miles up the river. And yet, sir, it is not unusual
to see vessels aground at the mouth of her harbor.
To enter it is difficult always, and in a gale almost
impossible; though a small sum judiciously ex-
pended would make it accessible at all times, and
perfectly secure. Through the vigilance of her
Representative here, a small appropriation for this
purpose was smuggled into a bill at the last ses-
sion, winch the Piesidentwas obliged to sign; but
even that was not applied as it should have been.
Those wiio delude themselves and others with
the idea that the Democracy will ever do anything
for our harbors, should have been in this House
a few weeks ago, when an attempt was made to
pass a resolution directing the Secretary of \^ar
to expend the balance of this appropriation at
once for the improvement of that harbor. Why,
sir, twenty members sprang to their feet at once
in opposition. One might have thought they
had been suddenly seized with St. Yitus's dance,
and could not sit still when such a measure was
before us.
Illinois and Michigan have each of them fur-
nished Democratic leaders of distinction, and im-
mense majorities, at one time, to support them in
all their measures; but what have they done for
the commerce of the lakes? Nothing at all. In
their anxiety to get into the White House, they
have forgotten their constituents, and neglected
their interests entirely. Perhaps I had better say
that they are opposed to appropriations for these
purposes. u Tax the tonnage that enters your
port," says one of them, " and build your own
harbors. It is not the duty of the Government
to construct works of this character!" Yet this
Democratic leader thinks we had better buy Cuba,
at a cost of §300,000,000, and thus get a few more
Senators, who would always be ready to take
western interests by the throat when opportunity
offered. That is constitutional, as everything is
that has a look southward, and tends to the ad-
vancement of southern interests. But the men
who fell the forests of Michigan, or till the prai-
ries of Illinois, must take care of themselves; and
if, in getting their lumber and grain to market, a
few hundred men and a few million dollars are
j lost annually on national waters for want of good
| harbors, what does this Government care for that ?
They have nothing to do with it; but let a south-
ern planter call on the President or his officers to
catch a fugitive slave, or punish some man who
dared to give one a supper and bid him God-speed,
and troops, telegraphs, and railroads are put in
motion if needed,and money cheerfully expended
to any amount, no matter what it may cost; and
no one must presume to question the constitu-
tionality of it. The reason is perfectly plain, and
easily comprehended. The interests of the farm-
ers and lumbermen of the West are local and
sectional in their nature, but catching fugitive
slaves is a national affair, and must be attended
to by the Government.
There is one great natural obstruction to lake
navigation, known as the St. Clair Fiats, and near
the borders of the State of Michigan, of which I
wish to speak particularly. The water here for
a short distance is at times very shallow, and or-
dinary vessels frequently get aground there, and
suffer seriously from delay and expense in getting
off. A small sum of money, properly laid out,
would deepen the channel so vessels could pass
over the flats without difficulty or delay.
Few persons have any conception of the mag-
nitude of the commerce that asks for this relief at
the hands of the General Government. Captain
Graham, of the topographical corps of engineers,
informs us that in 1855 the value of all articles of
commerce and navigation passingovor the St. Clair
Flats exceeded two hundred and fifty-nine million
dollars! He estimates the increase on the rates of
freights in consequence of these obstructions at
more than two million dollars per annum; one half
of which falls on the farmers of the West, being
so much taken from the value of their produce.
Congress, at the last session, made an appropria-
tion to complete this improvement, but the Presi-
dent vetoed the bill. His reason was the uncon-
stitutionality of such appropriations. In his opin-
ion, Government has nothing to do with it, and
he says further:
"When the State of Michigan <;hall cease to depend on the
Treasury of the United States, fcdoubt not that fche. in con-
junction with Upper Canada, will provide necessary means
for keeping this work in repair, in the least expensive and
effective manner, and without being burdensome to any
interest."
Mr. Chairman, Iknowof no reason why Mich-
igan should be taunted with being dependent on
the Treasury of the United States. Is it because
the Northwestern States, of which Michigan is
but one, demand the improvement of the naviga-
tion of these national waters by the General Gov-
ernment? I believo these States contribute their
share of the money in our national Treasury,
which is ever open to receive what we give, but
never to disburse for our benefit. The President
would have Michigan enter into an alliance with
Canada, and make this improvement, and then
tax the tonnage passing until they are paid. But
the Constitution prohibits the State of Michigan
from entering into any treaty or alliance, for this
or any other purpose, with Uanada, or any other
country. I know Congress may consent to let
Michigan enter into such an arrangement with
| Canada, but this is a poliry we should never en-
courage. Let the national Government transact
all our business with foreign Powers. This is my
first objection to the course recommended by the
President.
In the next place, the compact between the
States and the Northwest Territory, entered into
before the formation of our Constitution, and
whose validity and perpetual obligation is asserted
and secured by the sixth article of that instru-
ment, declares that these waters " shall be com-
mon property, [or highways,] and forever,
free, as well to the inhabitants of the said coun-
try as to the citizens of the United States and those
of any other State admitted into theConfederacy,
without any ta.x, duty, ou impost therefor.' *
In my judgment, this settles the question, and
the national Government must remove these ob-
stacles to navigation, or they must remain foiever.
If there was a decent pretext on the part of the
Government for this parsimony and meanness
toward the West, I could endure it better. But
there is none—none whatever. Look at the man-
ner in which money is expended in other sections
of the country. A liberal appropriation was made
a few years a^o to build new custom-houses at
Charleston and Now Orleans. By a gross abuse
of power on the part of our executive officers,
plans were adopted for their construction involv-
ing a much larger outlay than was contemplated
by Congress, and year after year wc have been
called on for more. Well, sir, some four million
