1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
And I add, Mr. Speaker, that they all have
been skinned together.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 think, Mr. Speaker, we
have had enough of this matter.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I only desire to
make a few remarks.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 think it due to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that he should have the
opportunity to make a brief reply. I give noticc
that after that I will insist on my motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire, when the gentle-
man from Georgia gets the floor, if he is holding
it during all this time, to ask that I may have an"
opportunity of presenting a memorial from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, on a subject which is now
before the House. I know that, under the rules,
memorials can be presented and referred to com-
mittees. But a committee has reported on this
subject, and I desire merely to have the memorial
presented in the House. ■
Mr. GARTRELL. I hope it will be done under
the rules; and I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have the rules in my
hand,, and I think it cannot be done.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Itcan be done undcrthc rule.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire merely to say, Mr.
Speaker, that it cannot be presented under the
rule, and I will explain why when 1 get an op-
portunity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is under a mistake.
It may be presented under the rule.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I Jove
to keep gentlemen to the facts. The first portion
of the gentleman's speech which I read I did not
respond to in any other way than ns follows:
" I do not want the gentleman to say that Virginia did
that. Some ot' her politicians did it, but Virginia repudi-
ated it."
That is what I said in regard to the first branch
of the subject. Now, in regard to the second
branch of the subjcct. The gentleman character-
ized the State of Virginia in a manner unwar-
ranted by history, and contrary to what was right
and proper, and justly subjected himself to the \
animadversions in which I have indulged. I
will read it again:
"1 am speaking [said the gentleman] of her politicians."
That was after Iliad called the gentleman's
attention to his first remark. But, mark you now,
gentlemen:
" I am speaking of her politicians, and I wish to say that
theti, ever since, and now, the South had and has men
superior to all such narrow, bigoted, selfish, mercenary piej-
udices and practices."
The politicians of whom he was speaking are
the politicians who were excluded from thisgen-
eral remark. All the rest are obnoxious to that
vituperation.
The gerftleman says, to be sure, that lie did
afterwards say he had no doubt in the world that,
there was a majority of our people who would*
come within his exception.
But,gentlemen, you will recollect, and you,too,
Mr. Speaker, will recollect, that the gentleman re-
ferred to that portion of our people who, he was
pleased to say, had no influence. Obviously he
meant the non-slaveholders, who had no position,
no political power. Sir, I tell the gentleman that he
is greatly mistaken in his supposition as to that
portion of our people. They have political power.
They have position. They wield an influence at
the ballot-box, which is potent and controlling;
and they arc the best, the truest, the most reliable
friends of the institution of slavery; for they are
not willing to recognize the fact that they are no
better than the sons of Africa.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman refers to prominent
men in Virginia, and among others to Governor
McDowell, who, in 1832, entertained liberal sen-
timents on the subject of emancipation. I know
it, sir. I know that Governor McDowell uttered >
 8uch sentiments as those. I know he dhtertained
them. But, sir, that opinion of his underwent a
change. He afterwards, by reason of his thor-
ough identity with the great b«dy of the people
of Virginia, won their confidence, and, in 1843,
1844, and 1845, was the Governor of our Com-
monwealth. It was not because he entertained
abolition or emancipation sentiments, but be-
cause he had denounced them; and I can only
say, sir, that when the gentleman makes these
quotations, he ought to do justice to yiese emi-
nent men, and assign them their true position.
The gentleman also quotes Governor Wise,
where he speaks of our agriculture. I tell the
gentleman that I doubt whether there is a State
in the Union marching forward with such giant
strides in all material improvements. I go further,
sir. I represent a district where, instead of the
land being skinned, we have a soil so strong that
a bullock of one thousand pounds can walk over
it, after a week's rain,and have no more mud on
him than a lovely woman's foot, encased in a vel-
vet slipper, would have on it after walking around
this Capitol. [Laughter.] Let me tull the gen-
tleman, furthermore, that we have an amount of
wealth in our State which gives to every man an^
average of $1,000 greater than the average in the
Empire State. I presume ihe average in the gen-
tleman's own State of Ohio docs not "reach fifty
dollars.
Mr. BINGHAM. "Will the gentleman allow
me one word in connection with this part of his
remarks?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, if you will not
make a speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want to maice a
speech; but I wish the gentleman to understand
that my own opinion is, that Virginia, in hernat-
ural resources, is not surpassed, and perhaps not
equaled, by any like amount of territory on the
continent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I expect I under-
stand the gentleman. But he should not have
made the imputations he did make.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish the gentleman from
Virginia to understand that I am not making any
imputations of the kind impliedly imputed to me
by his remarks.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I regret very much
that thc^eiitleman has sought to make imputa-
tions here upon the Commonwealth of Virginia,
for certainly he has atoned for it, as much as he
could do, in the high eulogy which he has paid to
the good old Commonwealth. Thank God, she
shows at least her merit in her works; and her
people are progressing, m all material improve-
ments, in a manner as fast as it is safe, solid,and
substantial. I am proud of the old lady, and I
do not want to have her aspersed without defend-
ing her.
X want the gentleman from Ohio to recollcct one
thing, however—that General Mason was dead at
that time.
Mr. FLORENCE. The memorial which I now
present, Mr. Speaker, is from the citizens of Phil
adelphia, asking immediate action on the bill (H.
R. No. 338) to provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, and
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, which
the Committee of Ways and Means have reported
to the House. I merely desire that the memorial
may be read. Under the rules I may have it
noticed, but under the rules I cannot have it
presented upon the Journal.
Mr. GARTRfiLL. Let us proceed regularly.
I object. Let the gentleman present it under the
rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have done my duty. I
am sorry tharthe gentleman has objected. But
let it go.
Mr. GARTRELL. 1 want to get into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, so
that we may go on with the speeches. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
ADJOURNMENT OYER.
Mr. FLORENCE. I make a privileged mo-
tion. 1 move that whpn the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HATTON. I trust that the House will do
no such thing. There are many speeches toJpe
delivered; and lc(« us stay here and get them off.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a quorum here.
I am satisfied of that. Members have business
at the Departments to attend to, and unless we
adjourn over that business cannot be attended to.
I think it would be well that to-morrow and the
day after should be set apart for business at the
Departments, on the part of the members ot the
House who have remained in the city.
Mr. GARTRELL. I thought I had the floor,
and th^t that motion was made before the motion
to adjourn over was submitted.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn over
is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is a privileged question.
I can move to adjourn, and then I can make my
motion, if the mode I have adopted be objected to.
Mr. HATTON. Let us have the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn over. It is nil wrong to
adjourn now.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that, on Mon-
day last, the understanding was distinct, that no
advantage should be taken of the fact tl]at the
House lacked a quorum of members. I think the
Globe will bear me out that it was the understand-
ing that this week should be devoted to speech-
making in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It was agreed that no business
should be done, and that no member was to take
advantage of the lack of a quorum. I hope that
we will keep that faith.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am perfectly aware that
what the gentleman states is true, and yet, sir, all
this week we have been doing business. All the
week gentlemen, myself of the number,have asked
unanimous consent to do business of a legisla-
tive character.
Mr. ASHMORE. All that was wrong.
Mr. FLORENCE. No doubt it was; but that
does not affect the fact. I have made the motion
to adjourn over, in order that members may have
an opportunity to attend to the business of their
constituents at the Departments. Let us do that,
instead of requiring gentlemen to come here and
exercise the watchfulness that is deemed a duty
before the House resolves itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in
order that no improper action shall take place. I
suppose a quorum to be present, and therefor® I
have made my motion.
Mr. ASHMORE. If the gentleman will get
up before nine o'clock in the morning he can, be-
tween that hour and twelve, I am sure, attend to
ail the business he has of his constituents before
the Departments. I hope that the House will not
adjourn over; but that it will sit day after day
during this week, that we may be rid of the Bun-
combe speeches that must be got off at one time or
another. If we do that, then, sir, when the mem-
bers now absent return, we will be in good con-
dition to go promptly and deliberately to the dis-
charge of the business of the country. I agree
with the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax]
that there was a sort of bargain or understanding,
or call it what you will, in the House on Mon-
day, that during this week no business should be
done, but that each day should be devoted to
speech-making. I will not, for one, violate what
I deem was the faith pledged between both sides
of the House. I hope the motion to adjourn over
will be voted down. Let us get these speeches off.
I learn from the Chairman of the Committee of
the Whole ojt, the state of the Union that there
are some eighteen or twenty speeches yet to be
delivered. If they are got out of the way now,
they will not retard business hereafter. It is bet-
ter, too, to get them off, for the reason that it is
about all we can do.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from South
Carolina would seem to imply, by his remarks,
that I do not get up before nine o'clock. Let me
disabuse his mind of any such idea. I do get up
earlier than that, and each morning I attend at the
Departments to the business of my constituents.
I cannot permit any gentleman upon this floor to
impugn my industry or devotion to my constitu-
ents. I am proud to say, that I am as devoted to
their interests now as I have been during a decade
of years. I am willing to acknowledge the faith
spoken of by gentlemen; but it has been, never-
theless, as I have stated, that business has been
done during this week. I ask gentlemen to look
around the House, and tell mo how many of those
gentlemen arc present who were so pertinacious
that this House should sit during this week?
I perceive, by this morning's papers, that the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who was
so persistent to keep the House in session, and
who is, more than an^ other, responsible for the
sessions of the House during this week without
a chance to do business, has gone home to attend
to his own private business. I have remained
here to attend to the public business; and that I
