1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
io the understanding and the hearts of his hearers
with the pathos and power of deep interest in hisr
cause, and implicit faith m its justice.
He was, in politics, a strict constructionist of
the Constitution, and zealous champion of the
largest liberties and rights of the States compati-
ble with that instrument, and was fully persuaded
that the dangers of our Federal system are greater
in its centripetal than its centrifugal tendencies.
He apprehended and abhorred consolidation far
more than disunion. His patriotism was of that
natural, wise, and just kind, that preferred his
own State to any and all others, and that recog-
nized his allegiance to her as paramount, in all
conflicts of duty as acitizenof Virginiaand of the
United States. He was a disciple of the straitest
sect of the old school of sturdy Republicans, at
the head of which stood Jefferson and Mason
and Taylor. He reverenced their wisdom, and
followed their teachings, and illustrated their doc-
trines in his political life. Acting from principle
and'not from policy, there is continuity and con-
gruity in all his votes, speeches, and acts, while
a member of Congiess, as rare as admirable.
There is nothing inconsistent with his faith in
his works. This evinces the integrity of the
man and the philosophy of the statesman.
Therewere certainly,among his cotemporaries
and predecessors, those whose intellectual stat-
ures were larger and more imposing, but scarcely
one exhibiting more symmetry, harmony, and
justness of proportions. Many may have ex-
celled him in one or more of the "brilliant charac-
teristics of eminent public men—in eloquence, or
rhetoric, or logic, or learning—but few combined
more of the gifts of nature and the attainments
of art, or employed them better. Some hud wider
fame and more admiration and applause; none
more of the respect, regard, and confidence of per-
sonal and pohticnl friends.
Take him all in all, I never met a man in pub-
lic life who performed his part better, or deserved
more of his constituents. They gave -repeated
proofs of their appreciation of his abilities and
Ins services; but never, perhaps, under circum-
stancesso impressive as in his lastelection. Know-
ing that his lamp of life was feebly flickering in
♦he socket and would soon go out, and that his
attenCmted frame would be wrapt in the cerements
of the grave ere the time arrived for him to take
his seat in Congress, they yet placed the civic
wreath upon his brow, as a votive offering of their
gratitude and praise It was a tender and touch-
ing tribute to his worth, honorable to them and,
doubtless, soothing to the spirit of their dying
servant.
It is a pleasure to review the career of Mr.
Goode, embittered only by the consciousness that
it has forever closed, and that he leaves behind
him but few as faithful and as true. It is delight-
ful to contemplate such a character. It is proper
and profitable to hold it up, and to eulogize it be-
fore the world. It may admonish us of our short-
comings, and incite us to greater efforts in the per-
formance of our parts in the great drama in which
we are actors. It may win the admiration and
excite the emulation of the young and aspiring,
who seek and will fill our places when we with-
draw from the stage of life behind the curtain of
eternity. It must tend to purify and ermoble the
soul, by kindling anew the vestal fire of virtue,
that is never wholly extinguished upon the altar
of any human heart until the dews of death fall
upon it.
The resolutions were adopted, new. con.; and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 20, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by R'*v. Septimus Tustik, D. D.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen as the special committee to which was
referred the bill from the Senate for the abolition
of the franking privilege: Messrs. Vallandig-
ham, Kellogg of Illinois, Burnett, Adams of
Massachusetts, and Stokes.
THE WAR WITH TRIPOLI.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill for
the relief of the widows of officers and others who
died in the naval service of the United States
during the war with Tripoli; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF LAKE HARBORS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the New York Canal
Board and Canal Commissioners, for the improve-
ment of lake harbors; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
POST OFFICE AFFAIRS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to com-
municate to this House, at the earliest piacticable period,
the grofeS amount of the rcvenue&of the Post Office Depart-
ment received in each State and Territory for four years
endm? June 30, 1859; the cost of transporting tile mails in
each State and Territory for four years ending June 3U, J85D;
the compensation allowed to the postmasters in each State
and Teiritory for one year ending June 30, 1859; and also
the total amount of reduction and abiogation of the mail
service in each State and Territory sinee Mareh 4, 1859.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to that resolu-
tion. The furnishing of that infmmation would
cost a considerable sum of money, and we do not
need it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is inform-
ation which we all desire. I move that the rules
be suspended to enable me to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No motion to suspend the
rules is in order pending the special order to go
into the election of a Printer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that there be a call of
the House.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENS IN TIIE STATES.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask leave of the House to
offer the following resolution:
Whereas the Constitution of the United States de-
clare, article four, section two, that the citizens of each
State thai] he entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens of tlse sevejal States: and whereas it is alleged
bv responsible parties tliat citizens of some of tlie States,
going into certain other States of the (Jnion for lawful pur-
poses, such as the collection of debts, teaching, and other
like lawful business, have been subjected to personal in-
dignities, violence, and incarceration: and wlierea-. it is
alleged that certain citizen? of the United States have been
exiled from their homes and driven from their property in
convsequcnce of certain tenets and sentiments which tbey
held and promulgated, and without allegation of crime
against them: and wlierea* it is alleged that a practice is
springing up m this country like the .European passport
svt>tem: Therefore,
'Resolved. That a select committee of five be appointed
to inquire into the above recited facts, and to report to the
House if unv ";thei legislation is necessary to give effect
to the aforesaid portion of the Federal Constitution ; and
they are hereby empowered to send for peiaons and papers
and to examine witnesses undei oath.
Messrs. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, and
KUNKEL, objected.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL,
Mr. PORTER. I rise to correct tlie Journal.
When the yeas and nays were being taken at the
last meeting of the House, upon the motion to
refer the Senate bill to abolish the franking priv-
ilege to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, I voted in a distinct and audible
voice "yea," in favor of the reference; but, by
some mistake, my name was omitted from the
list of persons voting, both on the Journal and in
the Globe report. 1 ask that the Journal be cor-
rected, so as to show that I voted, and how 1
voted.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there he a call
of the House; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Green Adam?>. Adrain, Aldiieh, Allen,
William C. Anderson, A-hmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barr,
Barrett, Blair. Honharn, Bolder. Rouhgny* Boycc, B ration.
Brayton, Bristow. Burch, Burnett. Bui roughs Carey, Ca«\
John B. Claik. Clopton, Cobb. John Cochrane, Cooper,
Corvvin, Cox. Jam#"- Craig. Buuon Craige, Curry, Curtis,
II Winter Davis. John G Davw. Reuben Havis Dawes, De
Janiette, Duell, Dunn, Elv, Floience, Foster, Giirtreli, Gil-
mer. Hale. Hamilton, John T. Harris. Hatton, IILnclmaii,
fjoird, Folmiin. Houston, Howard. Hughes. Humphrey.
HutehinS;Jackson,Jones>,Junkin.KUgore.Kajikel, JLaniaf,
Landium, brake, Logan. Loom is?, Love,jMaeia\. Mar-ton,
Charier- D. Martin. Elbert S. Martin, Maymml,McCh'rnand,
McPherson, McQueen, Mile*, Million, Montgomery, Uaac
N. Morris, Mor-.e, NeNou, Nfblack, tftxon, Noell, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Porter, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Biggs,
Chiibtopher Ro&in?.on,JamesC. Rubicon, Rnftin, Schwartz.,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Jame« A. Stewart, Stokesa '
Stout, Taylor,Theaker, Thoma«,Tompkins, Trimble, Un-
derwood, VaNandigham, Vance, Vandevcr, Walton, and
Webster—115. '
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adam?, Alley, Babbitt, Beaie,
Bingham, Buffmton, Burnham, Buiterfield,Campbell,Car-
ter, Colfax, Conklin*, Edgerton, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Gooch, Grow, GurJey. Hall,Hardeman, Haskin,
Helmick, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kilhnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lovejoy, McKean, Mc-
Knight,Moorlieari, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Pettifc, Pot-
ter, Pryor, Royce, Sherman, William Smith, Spaulding,
Stiatton,Thayer, Verree, Wade, Cadwalader C.^Washburn,
Ellihu B Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
Windom, and Woodruff—54.
So a call of the House was ordered.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Somes.
Mr. STEVENS stated that he was paired for
to-day with Mr. Clemens.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Hickman
was paired for to-day with Mr. "White-ley.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. BARKSDALE. The House seems to be
pretty full now. I move that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. MORSE. I object to that.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn. .The House seems to be full.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. STANTON. I think the objection is made
under a misapprehension. I understand that there
is business to begone on with, other than the elec-
tion of Printer, "i hope the objection will be with-
drawn.
Mr. MORSE. I withdraw it.
Further proceedings under the call were then
dispensed with.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, leave %
was granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the petition and papers of the heirs
of John Tebbs,a lieutenant in the revolutionary
army, for commutation, with a view to their ref-
erence to the Court of Claims.
REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. HARDEMAN, the papers
in the cases of Mrs. Mary Bullock and Mrs. Fer-
guson Smith, for pensions for the revolutionary
services of their husbands, were withdrawn from
the files of the Hoi\se, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PRYOR obtained the floor.
* PROPOSITION TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr. FLORENCE. Before the gentleman from
Virginia proceeds, I hope he will allow me a single
moment. The inauguration of the Washington
statue will take place on Wednesday. The orator
ofUhe occasion will want the day to-morrow, and
we ought not to impose upon him the necessity of
coming here. No business will probably be trans-
acted if we do meet. 1 move, therefore, that when
the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet-on Thurs-
day next. [Loud cries of" No I" " No !"]
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 think that before we do that,
we ought to settle this question as to the seats.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia yield to me for a moment?
Mr. PRYOR. I will.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to report certain
of the annual appropriation bills, with a view to
having them read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
fylr. GARNETT. I do not wish to interpose
any objection to the introduction of the appropri-
ation bills, or to consume the time of the House
by having them read, provided I can have some
understanding with the gentleman from Ohio and
with the House upon the subject. The standing
rules require that no items shall be put in an ap-
! propriation biil, except ill pursuance of law or to
1 carry out former appropriations. The Committee
