1860.
the. legislative halls of my State. Eloquent, act-
ive, able, and zealous, he was one of the leading
spirits in that Legislature memorable for its abil-
ity at one of the most stormy periods in the his-
tory of New York politics. The honors there
von had no dazzling splendors to him; 110 flame
of self-importance lighted up his vision with its
false radiance; but in humility, seasoned with 1
commendable piide—in truth, made more attract- I
ive by the devotion of its champion—he was j
■well prepared for the continued confidence of his |
constituents and the further honors that awaited
him.
(n the political contest of 1856 he bore no in-
significant part. During that campaign he re-
ceived his first nomination for a scat in this Hall.
The opposition, knowing the power, the indomi-
table energy, and the heroism of the man, required
the services of their most powerful and popular
leader for the canvass. Washington Hunt, ex-
Governor of New York,entered the lists; but our
deceased friend came from the conflict at the closc
of the campaign with an overwhelming majority.
Ill 1858 he was again elected with little opposi-
firm. Dm-mo- fliio C!rmo,vr>ss. thn Hierirtc/i w'ntM-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
. 2m
tion. During this Congress, the disease which
had been preying upon him, sapping his life by
slow degrees, rendered him less efficient than he
had been in any public position he had previ-
ously filled.
Never have I been more forcibly reminded of
the truih of that saying,44 In the midst of life we
are m death.'' It may not, Mr. Speaker, be
proper for profane lips to speak of the lessons
which these painful events teach us; and yet all
must acknowledge, that, while painful, they are
freighted with valuable reflection and profitable
instruction. We are brought to see in them, be-
yond the excitement and strife of politics, the
honors of public employment, the successes of
enterprise, and the achievements of temporary
gam, and to realize that these are in the g.and
comparison of eternity's endless and marvelous
scenes, the mere stubble of a day, the chaff which
scatters before thM wind, the vapor of a morning,
and may well conclude that they do not alone coa-
ler enduring honor and renown at th? court above.
Yet these hopes and ambitions of men founded
on patriotic motives are worthy of all example;
they exalt the character, benefit the race, and ad-
vance the interests and welfare of our country;
and I am happy to be a hie to accord to my late
colleague, whose death we now mourn, the pos-
session, m an eminent degre, , of those emulative
qualities which go far to commti^e true and noble
manhood.
"Live:* of iood men all lemind h~,
We can make oui hvo sublime ;
And, I'-ave behind
Footprints Oil the bamis ot time,'''
Mr. Speaker, I second the resolutions of my
coK"a£ue, Air. Ely.
Mr.ETI-IEJUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
fm the purpose of indulging in studied words of
eulogy mi tiicehataeterof Air. Burroughs. Ihave
known him personally only during the prcsenf ses-
sion of Congress. Dining that time, I have been
associated with him on one of the committees of
ihifi House, and 1 have had an excellent oppor-
tunity to wuness his public usefulness, and am en-
abled tn attest his zeal, nidusti y, and efficiency in
the public set vice. All that has been eaid by his
co'len^ues m n gard 'o his public career and his
pjj\ute woirh, of eob.^p, every heart here will
ivadily assent to. i could not, here or elseu here,
Wjiklndd fn,m such man as Mr. Buunor^ns—
from niv such m.in as 1 have known lum to be—
ni'1' i'hhHv assent to all th,xt has been so fitly said
of him. il's memory desei\is more then the
coMpLiU' n' of; he resolutions; a compliment which
e-.«i i>ied"1 !>er muat feel wiiimg to p.iy, win n
I'iokou lus vacant seat; and when he nib-c'son
hi.- '>w11 insignificant «, and ronmmbeis that. p,r-
!)■>;,s, in o f-wdays some fi lend in,iy hav- lomako
a .w.ailar announcement in reg«ii d t[) hnnseif.
If we who aie ( 'n i'v/ay d by tho-se v u*cv,
e- i.u ,id«ng passions which control i'S,;vk1 which
^e.nictnnes almost madden onr dclieeretioes—if
v.v coold thaw a useful lesson trom the decuh
v.'"<• 11 just hrrn announced, we should douht-
]< •, j hn'i.ib]. d and subdued by i\ membermg
h verv insignificant we are, and how small a
port we re^peetiv dy piay on the stage of life. It
is bui a. few uavs smee Mr. Bur houghs was heie
v;v.n us, bearing well his part as a public man,
' and discharging well the duties which his con-
stituents had confided to him.
( It is only just praise of him to say, that those
, who had honored him with their confidence,con-
j tinued it unabated to the last hour of his life. I
; shall offer no words of condolence to those whose
; hearts must be touched much more than ours.
, To those to whom he was most dear, I shall offer
j no words of condolence. They must look to
j a higher power, and await those consolations
, which, if they do not bring forgetfulness, may,
i to some extent, appease their present grief. To
■ ourselves, I trust the announcement which we
I have just heard may not be unprofitable. Prom
it we may learn that charity and forbearance for
; each other which should cause us to restrain and
: subdue those tempestuous passions and bitter
prejudices which are sometimes almost insepara-
ble from the transaction of public business, and
at the same time teach each of us that, however
' important we may be in our own estimation, or
in that of the country, the common levelerof all
, distinctions will, after a little while, confront us
: with that summons which will bear no postpone-
, mcnt and grant no delay.
As a member of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, the deceased discharged his duties zealously,
and with great industry and ability. I may re-
, mark that the Indians of his native State have
lost, perhaps, as zealous a friend as they ever
had; for, if there was any purpose which con-
I trolled him more than another in his public duties,
I it was to represent the interest of the Indians of
i the State of .New York. In his anxiety for their
welfare, he pursued portions of them to the great
: West; and,at the time of his death, he had under
; consideration all the business relating to that por-
tion which had emigrated to Kansas. His whole
soul seemed to have been thrown into the labor
assigned him; and I am sure that no man could
have been more just to them; more scrupulous in
regard to his obligations to the Government, and
more disposed to see that a people, innocent and
unoffending as he believed them to be, should have
. justice at the hands of the Government.
The resolutions which have been offered will,
I am surt*, be adopted; and all that has been said
of the public and private worth of Mr. Burroughs
will meet with a hearty response.
The question was taken on the resolutions; and
they were unanimou&iy adopted; and thereupon
(at half past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June II, 18G0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Curley.
The Journal of Saturday last was road and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE! COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, accompanied by the annua] report of
the Boaid ofRegents, showing'the operations,ex-
penditures, and condition of that Institution for
the year 2859; which was ordered to he on the
table.
CREDENTIALS
Mr. KENNEDY presented the credentials of
Hon. Jamcs Alfred Pearce, elected a Sena-
tor by the Legislature of the State of Maryland,
for the t< rm of six years from ar.cl after the 4tii
davof March, 1861; which were read,and ordered
to be placed on lile.
TONNAGE DUTIES.
Air.KING I present resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York, and
a.sk that t!i"V be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Chamke-u o? Co.,i.mriicc or tue \rn of Xi-:w York,
n ::v york, Jitnc 1c-g0
ihso'v'. That tnc Ch.imbri ofOn-uri < 1 New Voile
c tii>'>-t!\ !'uoji^tsittes Liiramany action l>_' Ce;>irr.'-s jiV-
iiiii it- a-> '!it in ;uh\!!iee,an;! vwiiieat piewoi.- exauiJia-
tiouo. pioper limit toanv U\. - ilie.raaerio !■>: p:i-^"d
by any ot tli« s. nauue tfuitosne^')->112ioffil lonuage duties
oil t!:o n o* sable u.itri- ni t'je 1 iinte.l shale-*.
R'sch-cd,"ThV> tlie Cii.unbei oH of New ** <nk
regard* tin baipendnm n  thcSenot*: u^iie buit-nl Statos
piving U)t* C'niij[i,,!!,i to *he i\c* oi l.otu-«ani toi
fevvm" tnmw duue< <>n ^hippii'iff, f< r die iinpsovci'iciit
of tW i'Ontie <.fthe Mississippi river. <;«• unconsu-
tutional ie «omr, and <le?piy and duectly mjuiioiw to the
conup.cie: of the United StaKis.
Resolved, That the Secretary forward copies of these res-
olutions to the Senators in Congress from this State, and
to the Representatives ik>ui this city.
JP. PERIT, President.
J. Smith Homans, Secretary.
Mr. KING. I ask that the resolutions be re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from New York to move that they be printed,
and lie on the table. The committee have reported
on the subjcct. •
Mr. KING; Very well; letthem belaid on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolutions
will be laid on the table, and the motion to print
will go to the Committee on Printing.
PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. ICING. There is a subject before the Sen-
ate that I have endeavored to gut the floor to call
up for some time, as lias afcso the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.] i refer to the resolu-
tions and report of the select committee on print-
ing, which can only come up in the morning
hour; and I move that they be taken up.
Mr. MASON. I desire to present a petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York yield to the Senator from Vir-
ginia?
Mr. KING. I do for petitions. I am aware
that I lose the floor entirely; but as this is a matter
that ought to be taken up, I expect we shall have
an opportunity to do it.
TELEGRAPH TO THE TACIFIO.
Mr GWIN. I ask the Senate to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 84. I have been trying for three
weeks to get it disposed of. It is a Senate bill
that has been amended in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the House amendment is lyingon
the table; and wc can act 011 it in a few minutes.
Several Senators. What is the bill?
Mr. GWIN, It is the California overland tele-
graph bill. I have only a single motion to make
111 regard to it; and I think it will not take five
minutes to act on it.
Several Senators. Not now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.
with the morning business yet.
The motion was not agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Air. KING presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce, representing that the bill now
before Congress for the codification of the reve-
nue laws is imperfect and objectionable, and rec-
ommending the appointment of a commission, to
be held in that city, to codify and revise the reve-
nue laws; which was ordered to lie 011 the table.
Mr. MASON. I present the memorial of J. D.
Andrews, late United States consul general to
the British North American provinces, in relation
to the commercial intercourse between the United
States and those provinces under the reciprocity
treaty. It contains a good deal of information on
the subject of the treaty and its operations; and 1
ask that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and be printed..
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing; and the memorial was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 present a memorial of A. H.
Griunbhaw and forty four others, citizens of Wil-
mington, Delaware, asking Congress for the im-
mediate enactment of the pending bill for the
ineiease of the duties on imports, and the adjust-
ment of the debt of the country represented by
Treasury notes. The general grounds for action
are stated in the memorial. I am sorry to say that
they seem to have too much of apolitical fueling,
which I think always injurious when applied to
a subject of detail like the tariff. I move to refer
it to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 have also been requested to
present a remonstrance against one of the pro-
visions of the tariff biJi which lately passed ihe
House of Representatives, from J. K. Turner and
others, c.uzens of the city of New York, ps to the
increase of duty upon steel, in which they set
fortn a tabular statement showing the range of
increase of duty from fifty-foui to two hundred
and forty-four per cent, over the present dunes;
and assign general objections to that increase of
