1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
may do so to the most advantage, I have submit-
ted tlie motion to adjourn over. Butas tfce sense
of the members present seems to be against the
ad journment over, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HATTON. I will say that I am informed
that tho gentleman from Pennsylvania sometimes
does not even go to bed at night, so much engaged
is he in serving his constituents. His case should
be considered by the House. His health might
fail him.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is more truth than
jest m the remark.* Probably the gentleman
would bo in tho same fix if lie had the duties of a
large "commercial and manufacturing constituency
to attend to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholcon the state of the Union.
Tho motion was agreed to.
THE TARIfF BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the stateof theUnion,
(Mr. Buffinton in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
notes, to authorize a loan, to regulate and fix the
duties on imports, and for other purposes; on
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jen-
kins] had the floor.
Mr. JENKINS addressed the committee on the
slavery question. [His speech will be i&blishcd
in tho Appendix.]
Mr. RiCE. Mr. Chairman, it is my purpose
to solicit the attention of the committee to a few
remarks, which I trust will be pertinent to tho
subject now legitimately before us. And I shall
pro®e®d directly to its consideration, after allud-
ing for a moment to a single proposition here and
elsewhere made, and which seems to be con-
firmed by some of the customs of the House. It
is, that the true province of legislation consists in
defining the rights, and not in looking after the
interests of the citizcn. As what I shall have to
say, on the present occasion, relates chiefly to
these interests, I will state, at the beginning, that
a more adequate and just conception of the prov-
ince of legislation, as it seems to me, is, that it
shall seek to aid as well as to govern the peoDle;and
for thebettcraccomplishment of this purpose, that
it shall take cognizance of and study into those
very interests which lie within the daily concern
of every industrious citizen. Nor does the wide
distinction ordinarily exist which specialists in-
timate between the rights and the interests of cit-
izens; especially not, when taken in their most
comprehensive view. For it will be universally
admitted, that whatever is false in principle and
pernicious in practice, must sooner or later inure
to the common injury, and their opposites to the
general welfare; and it will thus be seen that, in
this aspect at least, the rights and the interests of
a people lie in the same plane, and are both en-
titled to the attention and guardianship of those
who exercise the public authority.
It need not be denied that there may be per-
sons of moral perceptions so acute as to be able
te conceive of right in the absolute; minds of such
sharpness and subtilty as to be able to carve
out in clear delineation the image of abstract vir-
tue, and to discover in it those attributes which
charm the eye, and captivate the judgment, and
absorb the ambition. Such, if they exist, doubt-
less have their place and vacation in the world;
but it is not tho vocation of the masses of man-
kind. For, sir, when that dispensation was es-
tablished under which we live, there were placed
everywhere in the world, for human ends, rela-
tions between ideas and circumstances, between
rights and purposes atid efforts; and, in the econ-
omy of society, all effort presupposes and points
towards some interest, cither moral or material,
as its object. If it be intended only to institute
a comparison between these two, it will, of course,
be esneeded that paramount importance must be
given to the moral over the material, where the
two arc in conflict; to the maintenance of correct
principles rather than to the adoption of expedi-
ents for gain . Yet so large a portion of the busi-
ness of legitimate legislation consists in the ad-
justmentof the material mterestsof men according
to equitable standards, that the extremest easuisl
ought to bo able to find a satisfactory duty therein.
With thegreatpreponderance of literary and pro-
| fessional men in the public councils, I apprehend
1 there is much less danger that any political rights
will be overlooked, than there is that the great
agricultural, commercial, and industrial interests
of the country may bo neglccted. So long as the
former constitute in the main the basis of parly
organizations, and are the themes of perpetual
discussion by the press and upon the platform,
legislation will not be far behind its duty in re-
spect to them. And whether it be in politics or
morals, all legislation which is much in advance
I of, or contrary to, public sentiment, is hazardous
if not pernicious; since the law itself should be
the determination of enlightened public sentiment,
the embodiment of the honest conviction of the
pubjic judgment concerning what is right and
wrong upon a given subject. Fill up the statute-
f books with enactments which vary materially from
I these standards, and wc shall see them tossed
aside as too contemptible for observance, or tram-
pled under foot as assumptions of authority not
, to be tolerated. The whole stream of legislation
! is lined with such wrecks, which lie rotting upon
j its shores, or standing as monuments of the folly
of their builders, and warnings to fresh adven-
turers among corresponding perils.
But, sir, there is more danger that commerce,
agriculture, and the arts, will languish for want
of the fostering care of tho Government, or that
these great interests, vital to the prospeiity of the
country and to the welfare of every man, woman,
, and child who dwells in it, may be retarded or
destroyed by inconsiderate if not by hostile legis-
lation. Laws made for the government of these
affairs must not be merely theoretical, because
tliey ought to be permanent. It has been said with
great truth that so sensitive are these interests to
the effects of fitful and inconstant legislation,
that statutes which are positively onerous in their
provisions are preferable to any policy which is
ii nat'ililn ov rl t bka t   ..i . ,  «
- ----- vv x-xiij wmui xo
unstable and transitory. It is evidenfcthat this
must be so, when we take into nccounuiow vast
and complicated is tho network of human pur-
suits, employing the greater part of tho capital of
the world, and the labor of tho majority of every
civilized people. And that the laws which regu-
late these pursuits may be practical and salutary
as well as permanent, they should, as far as pos-
sible, be based upon experience—the experience
of our o wnpeople and that ofothcr nations—accom-
modated to the difference of circumstances under
which the results have been attained. That there
have been grave errors in our own industrial and
commcrcia! systems, such disastrous revulsions
as those through which tho country has recently
| passed, and from the effects of which it has not
I yet fully recovered, render probable. And it is
i possible that we may gather some suggestions
respecting their cause and their remedy"by com-
paring our own policy and position with those of
other nations where domestic industry and com-
merco have received the fostering care of the Gov-
ernment, and have not been considered of sec-
ondary importance by their ablest and most
sagacious statesmen.
1 do not claim for myself the requisite ability
to discuss with thoroughness all the phases of a
subject which has so extensively engaged the at-
tention of political economists, as thelariff; nor
will the present hour afford sufficient space to
consider all the points which might nosvproperly
be reviewed. This, however, is less important,
since the subject is somewhat familiar, and espe-
cially since its bearings upon subjects within the
scope of the bill before us have already been so
well presented by the gentleman from Vermont,
who reported it. I will therefore offer a few sug-
gestions upon the general policy of developing
and sustaining our own industry, and then refer
somewhat in detail to one of the provisions of
this bill to which I have given more careful atten-
tion. It will probably be admitted that there are j
but two primary sources of internal wealth, and '
that they are, first, natural products, and sccond-
1^, the labor which is applied to them in order to
perfect their adaptation to purposes of utility*or
taste. And undoubtedly the nation which abounds
in an industrious and peaceful population has the
more valuable of these two possessions. But it
is to be observed, that the labor of this popula-
tion is essential not only to its prosperity, but to
its existence; and that diversity of employments
must be multiplied and maintained according to
the degree in which those already undertaken be-
come crowded, or the markets for their products
otherwise supplied.
When these various pursuits are linked together
by a well-balanced and fostering policy, they not
only afford mutual strength and protection to each
other, but to every other social interest and pur-
suit. The farmer then finds a ready market for
the products of his farm or his plantation; the
merchant abundant freight for his ships; the cap-
italist legitimate and safe investments; and the
laborer constant and remunerative employment.
The burdens of Government, being widely dif-
fused, fall lightly upon the public at large, and
morefreely open to all classes, not only the abund-
ance of physical comforts, but the intellectual and
social privileges and enjoyments of a more ad-
vanced and substantial civilization. In a condi-
tion thus prosperous, the allurements to vicc are
also diminished, and tho incentives to virtue cor-
respondingly strengthened, while the country
become strong, not in material wealth only, but
in the integrity and manhood of its people, is
prepared to wield a more powerful influence for
their benefit in times of peace, and to summon
both means and men for defense, whenever its do-
main or its honor is assailed. It is for ends such
as these that Government ought to lend its pro-
tection to tho material interests of its people, and
in such a proportion as their several necessities
require.
Within our own borders we have not only a
large and rapidly-increasing population, but wa
have natural resources and products which have
scarcely be£n equaled by any nation under heaven.
Nearly every great staple which grows between
the tropics and the poles flourishes within tho
limits of our vast domain; while beneath its sur-
face, the earth abounds in coal and in the varieties
of precious metals and ores.
Now, sir, the question which presses home
upon us is, " what value have these great re-
sources, and what policy are wc pursuing for the
encouragement of that industry to which, under
proper auspices, they are so inviting?" It is per-
fectly clear that there was no value in them all,
and that they served no useful purpose to mart-
kind, while they laid in an undiscovered wilder-
ness. And of what value are they now—the tim-
ber,the coal, the iron,'the silver, the gold, or even
the cotton, the rice, the hay, the wool, the herds,
the fisheries, and all the catalogue of this abound-
ing plent)'— unless the Promethean touch of labor
is applied to them ? It has been said that whoever
causes two blades of grass to grow where but one
grew before, has conferred a blessing on mankind;
and it is equally true that whoever devises means
for imparting new value to the products of a peo-
ple, confers upon them a corresponding benefit.
Ws have heard it stated upon this floor, during
the session, on more than one occasion, and with
something of pride and satisfaction in the utter-
ance, that cotton is king; and if I am not prepared
to bow to its scepter, I am fully prepared to ac-
knowledge, and glad to recognize, its importance
m the markets of the world. We are accustomed to
point to it as the great staple, in universal requisi-
tion, and to watch with eagerness the steady and
rapid increase of its cultivation.
There is not a citizen of this country who would
not consider it a great point gained in political
economy, if, by the application of any means,
the quantity of this and of every otliGr product
could be largely increased. But if a pound of
cotton may be increased, by being wrought into
cloth, to two or three times its original value, is
it difficult to see that the four or five million bales,
which form the annual product, have attained but
a fraction of their value, vast as that is, in the
hands of the planter, or as an article of export;
and that whoever has the industry to expend upon
it, imparts an additional value two or threefold
greater than the crop itself? Moreover, is it not
obvious that labor is the very dependence of nine
men out ef ten in every populous country; that
it is the very thing which the great majority of
men hav£ to dispose of, and all they have to dis-
pose of, in procuring subsistence and achieving
the ^foundation for future competency?
Isow, what becomes of the cotton crop of this
country? If I mistake not, about one fourth of
it is'wrought at h®hie, and the other three fourths
are exported, to be wrought elsewhere; a con-
siderable portion of which returns to us in the
iorm of manufactured goods, demanding of us,
