280.8,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
duty which the bill,as it passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, proposes. 1 move its reference to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN presented the memorial of
Hoiden, IXawley & Co. and others, of the city
of New York, praying that the duty on steei may
not be increased, as contemplated by the tariff
bill now pending before Congress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. THOMSON presented the petition of Dcn-
nistoun, Pvich & Brewster, and others, dealers in
hardware, of New York city, praying that the
duty on steel may not be increased, as proposed
in the tariff bill now pending before Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr.CHESNUT presented the petition of Henry
Atwatcr, secretary and treasurer of the iron and
steel works, and others, of Derby, Connecticut,
praying that the duty on steel may not he in-
creased, as proposed by the tariff bill now pend-
ing before Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK presented the petition of
H. & J. Hopkins and others, of New York city,
importers of iron and steel, praying that the duty
on steel may not be increased, as contemplated
by the tariff bill now pending before Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POWELL presented the memorial of Mrs.
Eliza Piympton, widow of the late Colonel Joseph
Plympton, of the United States Army, prayinga
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HALE. I have received and been requested
to present to the Senate a remonstrance from va-
riousgentlemen in the State ofNew York, against
the increase of the duty upon steel, proposed in
the tariff bill which has lately passed the House
of Representatives. If it were not so lute in the
session, I should like to say a few words on it;
but as it is, I simply move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. LATHAM was, on his motion, excused
from further service on the select committee ap-
pointed to consider the resolution of Mr. Green,
m relation to the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury;and the Vice Presidcntuppointed*Mr. Pearce
to fill the vacancy.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Josiah Atkins,
of Ohio, reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was icferred the bill (S. No. 41) to affirm certain
entries of land in the State of Louisiana, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY,from the CommitteeonNaval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Brenton Boggs, a purser in the Navy,
praying to be allowed additional pay during the
time he was attached to the expedition for the ex-
ploration and survey of the China seas and Behr-
mg's Straits, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
238) for the relief of Robert Johnston, reported
it without amendment, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. THOMSON, from tho Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
436) for the relief of Eliza A. Merchant, widow
of the late First Lieutenant and Brevet Captain
Charles Gr. Merchant, of the United States Army,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 385) granting an
invalid pension to Beriah Wright, of New York,
reported it without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 337) for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Smith, of Coffee county, Ten-
nessee, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jethro S. Smith, a
pensioner, praying to be allowed a pension from
the time of his discharge, to that at which his
pension commenced, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the select commit-
tee, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 428)
to provide for the ascertainment and satisfaction
of claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 31st day
of July, 1801, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
Henry Rice, praying that the amount of two
bonds given by him for the payment of dutieson
goods imported into Castine, while in possession
of the British, during the last war with Groat
Britain, may be refunded, reported a bill (S.No.
501) for the relief of Henry Rice. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 426) or the relief of John Y.
Sewell,.reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
531) granting an invalid pension to James C.My-
ers, reported it without amendment, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 398) granting a
pension to Sarah Blackwell, reported it without
amendment, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 533) granting a
pension to Adriene Rich, of Habersham county,
Georgia, reported it without amendment, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 461) granting an
invalid pension to Charles Applcton, reported it
without amendment, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 452) granting a
pension to Asa Wells, reported it without amend-
ment, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to wiiom was referred the memorial of
William Maxwell Wood, a surgeon in the Navy,
praying compensation for services performed un-
der orders of his commanding officer, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
FRANCIS LAVONTURE AND PIERRE GRIGNON.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 556) for the relief of Francis Lavonture
and Pierre Grignon, have directed me to report
it back and recommend its passage, and desire
that it be put on its passage immediately. It is a
bill which was previously reported by the Senate
committee, and reported by a distinct committee
of the House; £oth reports favorable, and it has
passed the House. It is a very small matter.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 556) for the relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon, which proposes
to confirm their title to certain tracts of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin, reported on favorably by
the commissioners appointed under the act of
Congress approved February 31, 1823, entitled
" An act to revive and continue in force certain
acts for the adjustment of land claims in the Ter-
ritory of Michigan."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and give notice that I shall call it up to-
morrow morning:
Resolved, (th« House of Representatives concurring,)
That the resolution directing the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives to declare
their respective Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the
18th instant, at twelve o'clock, meridian, be, and the same
is hereby, rescinded; and that the President of the Senate,
and the Speaker of the House of Representatives declare
their respective Houses adjourned sine die on Thursday,
the 28th of June, instant, at twelve o'clock, meridian.
ORDERS FOR CONTRACTS.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to th<? Senate a!) outers issued by his dm-etion
from the Quartermaster General, Commissary General, or
ordnance orticers, bv winch a preference is dnected to be
given to specified individuals in contracts, purchases, orin
furnishing supplies under either of their departments. Also,
that he report the reasons for not allowing competition in
those cases ; and that the report be made at this session of
Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS and others objected to the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution; and it lies over
under the rule.
AMENDMENT OF TUB RULES.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
Rule 52. As soon as the Journal is read, petitions shall
be called for and disposed of; in doing which, the Pres-
ident shall call the States alphabetically; and when all the
States have been called, then the President shall call upon
each standing committer! for reports, in the order in which
they are named in the 34th rule ; and when all the stand-
ing committees have been called on, then it shall be the
duty of the President to call for reports irom select com-
mittees.
LIEUTENANT ITEs's REPORT.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed, foi the use of the Senate,
ten thousand extra copies ot'theieport of Lieutenant J. C.
Ives, topographical engineers, upon the exploration of the
river Colorado of the West, and Ave hundred copies for
the use of tile War Department.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION REPORT.
Mr. PEAPiCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copirs of the re-
port of the Board of llegents of the Smithsonian Institution,
lor the year 1859, be printed—five thousand for the use of
the Senate, and five thousand for the use of the i ir titution :
Provided, That the aggregate number of pages contained in
said report snail not exceed four bun lied and lorty pages,
without wood cuts or plates, except tho&e furnished by the
Institution.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Plouse had passed the following bills, in which
the concurreno#of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 99) for the relief of Benja-
min Sayre;
A bill (H. R. No. 622) to authorize notaries
public in the District of Columbia to take ac-
knowledgments of deeds for the conveyance of
real and personal estate therein; and
A bill (H. R. No. 6G3) to authorize divorces
in the District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 201) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, a
sum of money advanced towards the construction
of the Little Falls Bridge;
A bill (No.252) to incorporate the Grand Lodge
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows of the
District of Columbia; and
A bill (No. 261) to authorize the levy court to
issue tavern and other licenses in the District of
Columbia. '
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 287) to
incorporate the National Gallery and School of
Arts xn the District of Columbia, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
PRINTING OP A DOCUMENT.
The message further announced that the House
hadordered tliisday,at eleven o'clockand twenty-
five minutes, the printing of a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institution, communica-
ting the annual report of the Board of Regents of
that Institution.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 9th instant, an act (S. No, 117) for
