1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
which his soul aspired with ecstatic anticipation.
After disposing the interests of earth with an
anxious solicitude for the welfare of his children—
the fairest and gentlest of whom were present to
soothe the anguish of the final struggle byall the
tender caresses of a woman's love—he gave up
his spirit in a rapture of grateful praise to the
Redeemer. Thus to " see how a Christian could
die," was full consolation for all the pangs of
afflicted friendship.
Mr. Goode's intellect was remarkable rather
for the just proportion of its powers, than by the
strong development of any particular faculty. If
he was not conspicuously superior, he was cer-
tainly not deficient, in any mental endowment.
Perhaps lie was most largely gifted in a clear and
comprehensive understanding, so that whatever
• his intellectual resources, they were always mar-
shaled and employed with the happiest possible
effect.
From an early familiarity with the classic
authors of antiquity, he acquired at once a taste
for literature and an exquisite susceptibility in the
appreciation of its beauties. His reading was re-
spectable in any seiise; by comparison with the
average attainments of politicians, he was a per-
son of large and liberal culture.
As an orator, he was graceful and persuasive,
rather than ardent and energetic; but his speeches
were always instructive from accuracy of judg-
ment and fullness of information.
In the discharge of his official responsibilities
he was governed by a sense of right and the ob-
ligations of public duty.
It is, however, in respect of personal character
that Mr. Goode merits most of admiration. By
birth, by education, by native instinct, and by the
companionship of the choicest spirits, he was a
gentleman; delicately respectful of another's rights
and feelings, fearlessly resolute in vindicating his
own dignity and honor. Albeit of the most cour-
teous bearing and the least aggressive temper, it
happened, during a lifetime of active competition
for the prizes of political ambition, that he was
occasionally involved in personal controversies;
and in such situations it was difficult to determine
whether he exhibited greater readiness to repair
an adversary's injury or to incur hazard in the
redress of his own grievances. His amiable and
engaging presence rendered him a favorite m gen-
eral society. The truth, courage, loyalty, and
love, which were the essential virtues of his char-
acter, attached his friends by the indissoluble ties
of affection and fidelity. These moral excellences,
Mr. Speaker, apart fi om the adventitious claims of
hie position, entitle the memory of William 0.
Goodc to some signal mark of our admiration.
Accordingly, sir, I submit the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the House ha? lrnrncd, with feeling* of
deep le^rer, of (he death of Hon. William O. Goode, a
memtKM elect or tlie House ol Kepiesentatives trom tile
State of Virginia. *
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect to the memory
of the dec ?a^ed, the members and officers of this IIousc
will wear tile u.-iml badge of mourning foi thirty days.
Re'olvetl, That the procepdings in relation to the death
of WilliO. Goode be communicated to the family of
the deceased b) tlie Clerk.
Resolved, That, as a fmther mark of respect to the mem-
ory of t'ie deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Mi". MILES. I rise to sccond the resolutions
of my friend from Virginia. The formal announce-
ment of the death of a member of Congress, the
customary eulogy and resolutions, the usual ex-
travagant laudations of personal friends testifying
to the possession by the lamented deceased of all
the noblestqualities of human nature in their high-
est development, are matters with which, unhap-
pily, we are too familiar. The exaggerated praise
which is so commonly bestowed upon the memory
of the dead is not. however, unnatural. It is a be-
nignant precept which teaches us to say " de mor-
luis nil nisi bonuni." The grave should properly
cover all hatred and heart-burnings and jealousies
which might warp the judgment, and lead to ca-
lumniation or detraction. But we pervert the true
lesson which tile calm review of any human life will
always furnish when we attempt to portray it in
exaggi rated colors, and hold up an unreal creation
as a model for admiration in the present, and ap-
plause and imitation in the future. We should
remember "how much of enthusiasm often lies in
the language of reserve." True greatness, true
goodness, true worth need not to be tricked out in
the meritrieious adornments of adulation and flat-
tery. Their moral beauty, like physical beauty,
is " when unadorned adorned the most." As sim-
plicity is an inseparable, attribute of the highest
intellectual or moral natures, so should it be of
their descriptive analyses, or even professed eulo-
gies. These reflections have occurred to me in
the very outset of the remarks which it is my mel-
ancholy, but grateful privilege, to offer on this oc-
casion; and I desire to give utterance to them in
the outset, because, impressed by them as I am,
I cannot follow in the beaten track of hackneyed
and inflated panegyric.
Mr. Goode was not one of those rare geniuses
which appear only at distant intervals in the his-
tory o£a country, and before whose transcendent
power the people bow with instinctive and invol-
untary homage. Nor was he one of those great
"moral reformers," who, far in advance of their
day and generation, propound truths which an
unbelieving world is not worthy to hear, which
it cannot understand, and is unwilling to acccpt.
I-Iis noble and generous spirit, wore he still with
us, would recoil from the expression of such an
estimate; one which his manly sense would feel
was only redeemed from the appearance of irony
by being uttered by the partial lips of friendship.
No, sir, we advance no such pretensions for the
memory of our loved and 'lamented friend. But,
we do claim for him, that he was a man noble and
wise; of fine intellect; of scholarly culture and
training; who assiduously improved the talent
which Gcd had intrusted to him; who was con-
scientious and zealous in the discharge of all the
duties of life—public and private; a brave, pure,
high-minded man, and in every relation, whether
tifehis fellow men, his country, or his Maker, a
true hearted, loyal, and Christian gentleman! In
the language of the greatest living poet of England,
in his tribute to his deceased friend, we can say:
" And thus he bore, without abuse,
The grand old name or gentleman ;
Defamed by eveiy charlatan,
And soded with all ignoble use.'5
Arid yet, Mr. Speaker, must I confess itJ I utter
this with some misgiving. It seems to be con-
sidered somewhat dangerous to speak of a public
man (save in parliamentary parlance on the floor
of this House) as 44 a gentleman," if we desire to
command him thereby. It is supposed not to
advance him in the estimation of the masses. It
is thought rather to excite their jealousy and sus-
picion. Now I do not believe that this is sc.- It
surely ought not to be. While it is natural and
praiseworthy that the rudest and most illiterate
laborer, who earns his daily bread by the daily
toil of his hands, should take pride in seeing one
of his own class rise to position and distinction—
in reflecting that in this country political power
and office are attainable by all; yet it seems to
mc that there is a growing disposition to flatter
him into the idea that he has individually a more
special claim to such power and office, and is bet-
ter fitted to wield the one and to fill the other, than
those of his fellow-citizens who may possess
superior advantages of education, training, and
social position. The theory of our republican form
of government is that all citizens are equal. Let
us not, then, in our admiration of, and sympathy
with, the so-called 44 self-made man," run into the
error of supposing or implying that the man who
has enjoyed peculiar advantages of training, edu-
cation, and culture is less fitted on that account to
fill offices of public trust and confidence. The
State is entitled to the best talent of all her sons
for her protection and guidance at all times. There
should be no privileged class from whose ranks
her rulers and legislators must always be selected.
Why should not men who have a stake m the
country, who are above the low temptation, at least,
of gain, whose minds have been enriched by study,
or trained by the exercise of a liberal profession,
have an equal chance in the political arena with
any other class of the community? Does not the
history of the country, from the trying days of the
Revolution down to the present, show that such
men have marched in the path of duty and of
danger with as firm and unfaltering a tread as those
from any other walk of life? Why this attempt
to array class against class by arousing the morbid
spirit of social jealousy ? And yet, so sensitive is
this spirit that I fear me, sir, my present remarks
will be misrepresented. This I should regret. I
think there is no man living who would adiairo
more than I would the noble spectacle presented
by some poor, unfriended, humble son of toil,
" Who breaks his birth's invidious bar,
.And grasps the skirts of happy chance,
And breasts the blows of circumstance,
And grapples with his evil star;
Who makes by force his merit known,
And lives to clutch the golden keys
To mold a mighty State's decrees,
And shape tlie whisper of the throne;
And_, moving up from high to higher,
Becomes on fortune's crowning slope
The pillar of a people's hope,
The center of a world's desire.''' '
There is something morally sublime in such a
sight, and every generous instinct of tlie human
heart swells the full current of sympathy and ad-
miration. But let the calm sense of justice allow
some meed of praise to the man bom to afllucnce
and high social consideration, with every means
of luxury at command, with every temptation
to case and idleness, who yet, from a patriotic
sense of duty, or even from the less elevated, but
not ignoble, desire for honorable distinction, de-
votes himself laboriously to public affairs; studies
to promote the best-interests and the happiness of ^
his countrymen; buckles on his mental armour in
defense of their rights, when assailed in the Halls
of legislation, with the same alacrity with which
he would fly to arms to protect their fire-sides;
holds up between his people and their foes the
broad shield of the Constitution of his country;
and with the sword of truth smites at those who
are hacking and strivingtopierce that shield, until
he falls as a true knight would wish to fall, and
dies as a true knight would wish to die, 44 with
harness on his back." Surely such a man as-this,
such a life and such a death as this, are deserving
of admiration and worthy of imitation Such a
man was William 0. Goode; such was his life
and such his death.
It would not be appropriate, Mr. Speaker, for
me to give any sketch of this lamented gentleman's
political career. That was a duty which naturally
devolved upon his distinguished successor, and
admirably and ably and faithfully and truly has
he discharged it. Mine has been merely the mel-
ancholy privilege of mingling my grief with that
of the State of Virginia, at the loss of so true and
devoted a son. But, sir, I may be permitted to
bear testimony to some of the noble qualities
which marked his individual character, and which
made it so spotless and so lovable.
Never did I meet with a man in whom the love
of truth was stronger. It was a genuine pas-
sion. Not only was he incapable of any sort of
deception himself—instinctively incapable, if I
may say so—but nothing could exceed his scorn
and contempt for those who m the slightest man-
ner practiced it. This transparent truthfulness of
nature was enhanced by his earnestness and bra-
very. Lying is the temporary make-shift of the
triflcr, or the refuge of the coward. No braver or
more hcroic heart ever beat than his. Courage and
truth go ever hand in hand. No possible consid-
eration of danger; no unwillingness to take re-
sponsibility; no arguments of party expediency,
could ever shake the settled purpose of his soul,
or deflcct him from the path of duty.
And in this noble exaltation of mind, he was
sustained not only by his nice and exquisite sense
of honor, but by that strength 44 which cometh
from above." He was, as I have said, a Chris-
tian gentleman, and he strove to make his daily
walk and'conversation conform with the precepts
of his divine Master. His religion, however, was
cheerful and did not make him either ascetic or
sanctimonious. He was a member of the Episco-
pal church—as his fathers had been before him—
and, for many years before his death, regularly
received the sacrament whenever the church cele-
brated4'the order for the administration of the
Lord's Supper or Holy Communion." In society
he was genial and frank, and his manners were
marked by that happy mixture of ease and dignity
so characteristic of tlie old regime under which he
was nurtured. He was a thoroughly well-bred
man, and, therefore, scrupulously observant of
the rights and privileges and comfort of others.
I cannot forbear, in this connection,from men-
tioning a little incident which occurred during his
last winter in Washington. He was ill and suf-
fering, feebly struggling with tlie fatal disease
which was destined so soon to claim him as its
