2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. TOOMBS. The unfinished businessisthe
special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There will be a
special order at twelve o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, sir, it is very near
that now. This is the fourth time that this case
has been called before the Senate at the present
session,and the Senatorfrom Oregon on each oc-
casion, looking occasionally at the clock, has
talked the time out until the hour when the spe-
cial order was to be taken up. It has been post-
poned from time to time, at his instance, during
the session, though it was one of the earliest bills
reported. It has been reported upon four times
by the Committee on Indian Affairs of tins body,
and three times by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs of the House of Representatives. It has
passed the Senate twice already. It has now
passed the House of Representatives. I desire to
know whether, when a member, upon a bill of
this kind, from time to time takes the floor and
occupies all the time up to the point when the
hour for the special order arrives, the Senate of
the United States will not postpone the special
order and let the case be finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will pause. The Chair calls up the
special order at this hour, being the bill making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone the
special order, so that we may have a vote on the
pending bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to the Sen-
ator's bill; but I really think wo ought not to
postpone a general appropriation bill for the pur-
pose of taking a vote on this. I sustain the Sen-
ator in it; I think the claim is a proper one; but
being charged with this appropriation bill by my
committee, I cannot consent to let it bo over-
slaughed
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Georgia, if the Senate will consent
to it, I move that the bill which has been dis-
cussed be made the special order for half past
eleven o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent, that motion can be put to the Senate at this
time. The Chair hears 110 objection.
The motion was agreed to.
EXIIOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Cieik, announced that the
Speaker iiad signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheim;
A bill (S. No. 385) to incorporate the proprie-
tors of Prospect Hill Cemetery;
A bill (S. No. 426) to dissolve the Washington "s
Manual Labor School and Male Orphan Asylum
Society of the District of Columbia, and to au-
thorize the transfer of its effects to the Columbian
Institution for the instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind; and
A bill (II. R. No. .>23) extending (he charter
incorporating the German Benevolent Society of
Washington city, approved July 27, 1842.
PUBLIC CONTRACTS.
Mr. DAVIS, i ask the Senate to take up the
bill to provide for regulating public contracts. It
js somewhat amendatory of existing law, and
follows some regulations and adds a little thereto.
On the whole, I think it will protect the Treasury
and give secuiity to contracts. I doubt if there
will Ljq a single objection to it when the bill is
reed. If there be, f shall not press it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be taken up.
I believe it requires unanimous consent. The
miNcellaneous bill is the business in order before
the Senate.
rk he VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
n before the Senate. The Senator from Missis-
sippi a.--=i;s uu-inimous consent to take up a par-
ticular bill, io objection made?
Mr. TOOMBS. I deem it my duly to object,
and call for the regular order of business.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be taken up.
PUBLIC PRINTING INVESTIGATION.
Mr. KING. I ask the consent of the Senate
now to take up the report made by the printing
investigation committee. I have relied chiefly 011
the Senator from Louisiana, who made the ma-
jority report, to call it up in the morning hour,
and I know that he made some effort to do so.
For the last three or four mornings, I have en-
deavored to get the floor to call for the considera-
tion of that report during the morning hour, but
I have been unable to do so. He moved to post-
pone the order of the day a few days since for
the purpose of taking it up. It is a subject that
ought to be considered. A portion of the resolu-
tions ought to go to the Committee on Printing.
"We are approaching the close of the session. So
far as 1 know, I am not aware of any intention to
protract the time by discussion upon it. There-
ports of the majority and minority ought to be
printed. I desire to have a vote upon one of the
resolutions of the majority. I therefore move to
postpone all orders now before the Senate, in
order to take, up this subject.
TThc VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves to postpone the order before
the Senate, and all prior orders, to take up the
report of the select committe on printing.
Mr. SEIDELL. I am soiry that the chairman
of the Committee on Finance is not in his seat.
I was under the impression that there was an
understanding^ the efFcct that these reports and
resolutions) might be considered for half an hour
or an hour to-day, in order to dispose of them;
but as the Senator from Georgia has charge of this
appropriation bill—an important one, and it is
necessary to act upon it—I will appeal to his cour-
tesy to permit us to take up these resolutions for
a limited time; but I shall not feel myself at lib-
erty to vote against him, if he will not consent. I
will not feel at liberty to postpone an approptia-
tion bill for the purpose of taking up other busi-
ness; but I hope he will allow us an hour.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. P.esident, it strikes me
this is one of those questions which I am very
well aware are likely to lead to much more pro-
tracted discussion than gentlemen think. It is n
subject that will evidently take more time than
they seem to suppose. I think we had better go
on with the appropriation bills, and send them
back to the House with our amendments. This
miscellaneous bill is one to which a great many
amendments will be made. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, and all the other committees, put
their suiplus uppioprntions upon this bill; and
[ think it very important to dispose of it, as the
amendments must necessarily be numerous—the
Committee on Finance have presented a good
many—in order that time may he allowed to the
House of *ileprescntatives to act upon them.
Theieforo, as the organ of the Committee on Fi-
nance, I do not feel at liberty, without stating to
the Senate the condition of the business, to yield
to tins motion. Of course, if it be their pleasure
to do so, I have no personal objection.
Mr. FITCH. I can state a reason which may
have some weight with the Senator from Georgia,
and will add to the request of the Senator fiom
Louisiana, that tins matter be taken up and acted
on now. The Committee on Printing meet to-
morrow morning, perhaps for the last timedunng
the session. Various bills and propositions have
been referred to them looking to a change of the
present system. They are unwlling to make
any report without some expression on the part
of the. Senate. These resolutions contain that
expression. If they are adopted, the committee
can act understandmgly, knowing what the views
of the Senate are. if rejected, of course, we have
the same knowledge of the views of the Senate*,
but their prompt disposition to-day, if they can
possibly be disposed of—and I trust they will be
without protracted debate—is very desirable.
Mr. IIING. There is no question that this is
a subject that ought to be disposed of by the
Senate. I am not disposed to entertain the ap-
prehension that there is a disposition in any quar-
ter to avoid an expression on this subject; but it
is one in which there is at least an imputation of
very serious abuse in the practices which ha\c
been had. in this printing business. It was a la-
borious and protractcd investigation by the com-
mittee, the result of which is presented m very
short resolutions, so thntthe Senate may hnve an
opportunity of expressing its opinion on the sub-
ject. I think it ought to do so, and that for its
own sake it should not avoid this subject. As I
have said, I have looked to the Senator from
Louisiana to call the subject up, and I know he
has addressed the Chair with a view to that pur-
pose; but I put it to him, that he cannot expect
the committee to give way for this purpose. We
must do it by a vote; and I trust the Senate will
vote on it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sure the Senator from
New York will do me the justice to admit that 1
have been urgent to bring this matter to the con-
sideration of the Senate, and have it acted upon.
Mr. KING. I know the Senator from Louis-
iana addressed the Chair for this purpose, and. I
know that during the morning hour he has moved
to postpone, as 1 have done this morning, the or-
der of busiuess; and I say I hope he will vote for
the proposition this morning. That is the only
way to carry the proposition, by voting for it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it would be an econ-
omy of time if the Senator from Georgia would
permit 11s to take up this subject for an hour.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to suggestto
the Senator from Georgia, as it seems to be ad-
mitted this subject will not lead to protracted de-
bate, that the special order be postponed until one
o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. As that seems to be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, I have 110 objection to inter-
pose; but if protracted beyond that time, I must
call for the appropriation bill. Until one o'clock,
as it seems to be the pleasure of the Senate, I
suppose I must yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New York modify his motion as suggested
by the Senator from Illinois?
Mr. KING. I do not know what the,inten-
tions on the part of the Senator from Louisiana
may be on this subject. If there is to be a speech
and discussion upon one side of this matter, so
as to make it proper and suitable that a reply
should be made, an opportunity should be given
for that reply. We should give this subject a
fair hearing in the Senate, and vote upon it. I am
content to vote upon it on the reports; but I shall
not be willing here, before we reach a decision, to
have an hour occupied by the other side in pre-
senting views that the facts testified to in the testi-
mony might enable me to corn it. I am not aware
that there is any such intention; but we have had
very great difficulty in getting this subject befoie
the Senate, and I do not want blindly to assent
to a proposition that may make this a one-sided
matter as presented to the Senate. That is the
reason why I am unwilling to take it up for a
specific time. We ought to have a vote upon the
resolutions. I suggest this to the Senator from
Louisiana, that he may say whether he intends
to discuss this proposition on one side, or whether
we arc to have an equal time allowed for discus-
sion. We differ upon one of the resolutions. I
am corttciu to ask a vote of the Senate 011 a sim-
ple statement of the proposition, without a word
said, or I am content to express my opinions at
some length; but I think it better, at tins stage
of the session, that we make it as brief as pos-
sible.
Mr. SLIDELL. It appears to me that the ap-
prehensions of the Senator from New York are
totally unfounded.
Mr. KING. I hope so.
Mr. SEIDELL. I may appeal to the experi-
ence of Senators upon this iloor, and ask w'w,ther
I am in the habit of making long speeches, or
talking out of time and place, consuming tim«* un-
necessanly, or occupying too much spaec in the
deliberations of the Senate' I have 110 idea of
making any speech at all; but 1 wish to hear what
the Senator from New Y01 k has to say in support
of the amendment that he pioposus to offer to the
resolutions of the committee.
Mr. KING. I can state that in one minute
when the resolutions are up.
Mr. TRUAJHULL. We are losingtime. When
the hour of one o'clock arrives, if we are net
through with this subject, let us go 011 with the
appropriation bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that is the vnderstanding, I
will yield. The Senator from New York car kes
no understanding. The Senator from Louisiana
is wiling to do so; but I am content, if that can-
not be. done, to let gentlemen take a vote; and if
they choose to postpone public business on account
