424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 12,
36th Cons 1st Sess.
Positions of Parlies—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Reps.
mechanics excite no surprise. But what crea-
tions of wealth and power and splendor have we
witnessed! An English statesman, not long ago,"
declared that if it were necessary for England to
go to war, she could, by a trifling addition to the
income tax, which would not be felt in such an
emergency, raise $100,000,000 to carry it on—not
for a year pr two, but ten of them, if necessary.
How is it, that thirty millions of people have be-
come so rich and powerful ? Her troops and her
fleets are all over the world. She can furnish the
monarchs of Europe with money, and hire their
armies, if needed, to fight her battles. From
whence comes this ever-increasing wealth—this
power to control the world ?
Mr. Chairman, it is the product of intelligent
labor, that can multiply power to any extent to
accomplish its purposes, and sometimes enables
one man to perform the labor of a thousand. It
is said the machinery in operation in England can
do as much work as four hundred million men.
Therein you find the secret of her wealth and
power; four hundred million producers, and only
thirty million consumers. Is her wealth a won-
der now? What they have done in England, wc
are doing in the free States now. We have cre-
ated the steam engine, to toil for us, and com-
pelled the lightning to carry our thoughts. The
laborer is hundred-handed now, and the elements
are his slaves. If we do not live as long as Me*
thusaleb, wc can do as much in eighty years as
he could in eight hundred. We have perfected
that marvel of mechanism, the printing press, that
we may educate the toiling ^millions, and make
ignorance and slavery alike impossible.
This multiplication of power, and consequent
increase of wealth, by the creation of machinery
—this education and elevation of the masses, with
the introduction of the comforts and luxuries of
life to the home of the humblest workmen—is the
cifect of free labor. I say free labor, because it
wa-sjirsf/ree, and then intelligent and creative, fill-
ing the world with the trophies of its triumphs,
and illuminating the history of our times with the
glory of its achievements.
I trust our youth, as thcyadvancc to manhood,
"will learn to love labor, and comprehend its dig-
nity and importance. Let them not be surprised
if some speak of it with contempt, for the world
is but just emerging from forty centuries of serf-
dom and slavery, and but a small portion of the
masses have compelled an acknowledgment of
their rights, and obtained that education so neces-
sary to their happiness and success in life. But
these prejudices will pass away, as education be-
comes universal; for intelligence will lend dignity
to every calling and pursuit. Nothing ihn.1 needs
to be done can degrade him who does it, if it is
v:ell done. M matter ivhat the employment, " the
man's the man for all that."
Thirty years ago there was a day laborer split-
ting rails on a farm in Illinois, and on the 4th of
March next, if God spares his life, he will be
President of the United States. Let our young
men read his life, and follow his example, imitate
his industry, his integrity, and they will be re-
spected, ancl not go down to the grave unheard of
and unknown. What a comment on our free in-
stitutions is the career of Abraham Lincoln! I
wish to say afew words in reply to the arguments
I hear in defense of slavery. I regret the neces-
sity for it. Slavery is a legacy of the past to the
present, and the problem of its perpetuity or its
abolition is not easily solved. The national Gov-
ernment has nothing to do with slavery in the
States, and do not propose to meddle with it. But
we have Territories, and let us agree that they
shall remain free till they become States; after
that, if they choose to establish slavery, nobody
can prevent them. Slavery in the States needs no
outlet at present. There is room enough for a
dcore of years to come for all the slaves you own
where you have a fine climate and fertile soil. Let
us agree to this, and put an end to this everlast-
ing discussion of abstract principles, and attend
to the business and interests of the people. Why
not? There is but one difficulty in the way-—free
speech and a free press. You think we should
stop the discussion of the question of slavery at
the North.
The eminent Senator from Illinois, if I under-
stand him, proposes to enact a law by which he
says he can repress the u irrepressible conflict"
among us—that is, break up anti-slavery societies,
and put down anti-slavery papers and public
meetings. Was there ever madness like this?
Do gentlemen suppose we could do this if we
would, or would do it if we could? The armies
of Napoleon are not sufficient for such an under-
taking. If our men assail slavery, yours must
answer them; and if you get worsted we shall
think you are on the wrong side. If your insti-
tutions cannot stand these discussions, what will
3*#u do about it? Suppose you secede: that will
do no good unless you could cut your territory
loose from ours and sail off to Asia. No; we are all
here together, and there is no help for it. You may
as well take this question out of Congress, and if
you do not wish to answer our northern speakers
and presses who assail you, you can keep still.
I presume we shall make noise enough for both
sides. But you say you would not submit to this;
you are too rich and powerful. The world must
have cotton, and cannot get it unless you grow it
and sell it; and unless we behave better, you will
stop trading with us, ruin the business of New
York, and bring the whole North to their knees
again. Well, they have been in the habit of
kneeling so long, I do not know but they would,
but I guess not note.
This great idea of the wealth and power of the
South somehow revives my recolection of the ar-
rogance of the Assyrian monarch, who, standing
among his princes like aplanterainonghis slaves,
exclaimed: "Is not this great Babylon xohich J have
buildedV Like him you may see power sud-
denly pass away like the dreams of morning and
the early dew. But 1 must say a word about this
cotton argument in defense of slavery. You say
the world must have cotton, and that the loss of
a single crop would be an awful calamity to Eng-
land. What would it be to the South ? I fancy Old
and New England both could live as long without
cotton as you could without the pay for it. You
say, too, we cannot raise cotton with free labor;
slaves are indispensable to its cultivation, and so
slavery must be eternal if cotton is. This may
be so. I do not believe it. Free labor has never
been fairly tried in the cultivation of cotton, but
the immense and increasing profits of this busi-
ness will tempt men sooner or leUer to try it. I
do not know how they will succeed now, but I
do know free labor has always accomplished what
it has undertaken. He is a bold man, not a wise
one, who affirms anything is impossible except to
perpetuate slavery. Another argument for sla-
very is based oti the inferiority of the race. If
good for anything, it applies to all inferior races,
white or black; but it is not wbrth a moment's
notice. It is the old argument kings and princes
use in defense of despotism, and will not do for
this meridian.
If a man is a vagrant, a beggar, or a criminal,
let the law say what shall be done with him; but
inferiority of intellect confers no right on any
State, or person, to c'nslave another. Other rea-
sons are urged in its favor, but they need no
reply. The damning fact that the institution of
slavery will not bear examination, is sufficient an-
swer to all of them. Wherever it exists,freedom
of speech is necessarily unknown. The penalty
of speaking against it is death or banishment.
The press and the pulpit must be muzzled ere
slavery feels secure.
In these reasons against the extension of sla-
very we have not considered the condition of
the slaver, but the effect of it on the free white
men of the country, and that condemns it every-
where.
In New Mexico slavery is not only established
and protected by the severest laws, but free white
men, who hire by the year, have no legal protec-
tion against ill treatment. The courts are forbid-
den to take cognizance of their complaints against
their employers foi any violence done them. And
thus, wherever this institution is established in a
new Territory, every right we have been wont to
regard as sacred is trampled under foot; and not
slaves alone, hut free men must suffer. The slave-
holder is as supreme as the Sultan of Turkey,and
allows less of liberty than the Mohammedan des-
pot. Th«i prevalent customs are unlike those of
highly civilized States. Pistols and other weap-
ons are pocket companions; and men go armed
in this way for the same reason that kings keep
up standing armies—for fear of insurrection.
This readiness to resort to force at any moment
is attended with frightful results. Street fights
arc not unusual, and friends and neighbors are
shot down in a moment of excitement, for a fan-
cied insult. The laws ofhonor" are substituted
for the law of the land and the law of God, and
the duelist often finds his calling a round in the
ladder of preferment. Of course, there are thou-
sands of excellent persons in all such communi-
ties who are better than their laws and institu-
tions, but I speak of the controlling portion of
society, and of the manncrin which their customs
and usages appear to others. I have no desire to
say harsh things of slavery orslavcholders, though
I have been compelled to listen to the fiercest de-
nunciations of the free States and free men since
this session commenced. Let the slave States
retain and enjoy their peculiar institution as long
as they please, but do not ask us to consecrate
one foot more of territory now free, to the "ei>er-
lasting curse of human bondage."
I have read a recent speech by a member of this
House, who resides on the borders of the slave .
States, and he seems to think the borderers know
more about slavery than we do further North.
Perhaps so; but I remember an old Scotch prov-
erb, that " the border is always the worst part of
the web," and thatmay be true. I do not know.
He makes a long speech to prove the Republican
party are in favor of the social equality of the
negro. No reply to this is needed at the North.
It was not made for our section of the country,
but for southern consumption, and an immense
edition of it has been sent off that way, with a
view to strengthen the prejudices of the people
against the Republican party. I have no desire
to follow him through the filthy details of the evi-
dence he brings forward to fortify his assertions,
but I doubt if any jury would find a man guilty
of stealing five dollars on such evidence as that.
He gives an account of a ball held at Five Points
in the city of New York, where white women
and negroes mingled " in sweet confusion in the
mazy dance." I believe that is the strongest
Democratic ward in the city, and I doubt if a
Republican vote was ever polled there. The Dem-
ocratic majority in that city is larger than the en-
tire vote of some southern States, and I believe
some papers printed there—not Republican—say
it is the worst-governed city in the civilized world.
Probably the partv have managed it much as they
have the national Government. There, too, Five*
Points and Fifth Avenue unite m voting the Dem-
ocratic ticket—the one by instinct, the other for
southern trade and the spoils of office. This may
explain why they suffer such scandalous affairs
to take place in the commercial capital of our
country; but what the Republican party have to
do with it passeth my comprehension.
Then he has a story, taken from some paper,
about a beautiful white girl eloping and marrying
a negro in Michigan. He probably thought it
might be true, but there is not a particle of any
foundation for it. Andrew Robinson, Esq., writes
to the Detroit Advertiser, from the town where
the scene is laid, and says he is assessor of the
town, and has been for six years, and knows
every person in it; that no such persons ever lived
there, and nothing of the kind has taken place
there, or anywhere in the vicinity. I presume
the most of the stories he has published are as
destitute of truth as this is. Such a case may
occur once in a long time, or among millions of
people, but I venture the assertion that where one
white woman marries a negro in a Republican
State, a hundred white men can be found in Dem-
ocratic States who sell fheir own children because
they are tainted with Afiican blood. An eminent
southern statesman, many years sincc, said, in
substance, that the African race was bleaching
out rapidly at the South, and the returns of the
census confirm the statement. There arc hun-
dreds of thousands of mulattoes, quadroons, and
octoroons—men and women bleached and par-
tially bleached—and the number is rapidly in-
creasing; and the whole African race at the South
are growing whiter and whiter every day. As
there are no Republicans in these States, this
must be considered Democratic, and, of course, ail
right.
