1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1867
Besides, sir, there is no pretense that the wool
grower is not generously and satisfactorily com-
pensated.
Another reason assigned for the proposed
change) is the desire to stimulate and increase the
home production of wool. The means are the
poorest that could be devised for this purpose;
and in this aspect the change proposed indicates a
limited and totally incommensurate view of the
subject. "We have before us the fact that the native
product is but a trifle when compared with the
amount of woolen goods used in this country;
that the effect of the decrease of duty has been to
increase the importation; and that this has resulted
in the revival and increase of manufactures, by fur-
nishing scope of raw material to enlarge the classes
and kinds of goods; and thattheresult of this has
been, here as elsewhere, to advance the price of
native wool by rendering it in demand for uses in
combination for which it is not adapted alone. In
short, we have, as a grand result, an increased de-
mand and a higherprice, because of a greater con-
sumption.
This may be illustrated by citing the example
of a single mill in Massachusetts, which, under
the tariff of 1846, produced between four and five
hundred pieces of goods per week, and now pro-
duces sixteen hundred pieces per week from the
same machinery. Under the former tariff, this
mill consumed all American wool for its four hun-
dred pieces, and-now consumes two thirds Amer-
ican and one third foreign wool for its sixteen
hundred pieces. Or, to state directly the advant-
age of using the foreign wool, even to the Amer-
ican wool grower, this mill, which without foreign
wool used native wool for four hundred pieces of
goods per week, now that it has the foreign wool
to use in combination with it, consumes American
■wool besides to the extent of thirteen hundred
pieces per week, or more than three times as much.
But if more need be said upon this point, the argu-
ment and the evidence are abundant. The earlier
French tariffs were imposed for a- similar pur-
pose. The Secretary, writing to the Chamberof
Deputies, February 3, 1835, says:
" The duty upon wools has produced results entirely con-
trary to what was expected, and much more unfortunate.
This duty has not encouraged with U3 the production of
wool—an end that the customs duty necessarily proposed
as the only suitable motive."
And again, the present Secretary says, in his
recent communication advocating the free admis-
sion of wools:
" As to the agricultural interest, it is not involved in the
question. The production of wool is far ffom following
the progress of consumption; and everywhere, in some de-
scription, this material is deficient. This is so true, that,
to satisfy the over-increasing demands ol producers, it cre-
ates for itself a new industry, which consists in separating
the fibers of old woolen stutfs, to produce a matei ial to
whieh they have given the name of renaissance, (shoddy,)
and which combines usefully with fine wools lor common
stuffs, and at a cheap rate. Our agriculturists should not
fofget, cither, that the wools of France have spccial quali-
ties which causc them to be sought for everywhere; that
they mix perfectly with other kinds; and that, consequently,
the arrival of these in the Fiench market cannot but de-
velop the use of our own wools.'1'
There is but one other point in connection with
this subject, as presented in the bill under consid-
eration, which need be referred to, and that is the
imposition of a duty upon the manufactured goods
supposed to be an equivalent to the additional
duty on the raw material* .
The principal difficulty in dealing with this pro-
vision is its speciousness. There is no possi-
bility of so equating and equalizing results, and
rendering them beneficial to all concerned, when
they proceed from an error which is itself funda-
mental. The manufacturer asks no additional
protection; he has learned, among other things,
during his pilgrimage of tribulation, that the great-
est evil, next to a ruinous competition from foreign
sources, is an excessive protection, which stimu*
lates a like ruinous and irresponsible competition
at home. The farmer neither asks for it nor needs
it, nor can be benefited by it. Such a course, so
far as it should beopcrative,could produce no other
effect than to cripple and dwarf the entire woolen
business of the country. Every man knows that
the cheaper you can render any article of utility,
or domestic comfort, the greater you make the
sale; and that, vice versa, the demand slackens witn
an advance of price, especiallj^f there be substi-
tutes for the article thus affected. The higher the
cost, the less the number of persons who can avail
themselves of it. The poorest class, wkich can
now afford garments of such material, will first be
deprived, and then the next in the rank of poverty;
thus throwing the new burden heaviest where it
is hardest to be borne.
And stjll further: the business thus crippled
renders the demand for the raw material less, and
also the demand for labor less, while the capital
already invested must be less profitable, if, in-
deed, it does not break down altogether, as it did
before a more enlightened policy was instituted.
But there is another aspect of the proposal which
shows more clearly how pernicious and repre-
hensible is the theory upon which it is based—
a theory against which I will never cease to enter
my protest so long as I am honored with a place
upon this floor. It is proposed to put an addi-
tional duty upon the raw material, professedly
for the benefit of the wool grower; and a corre-
sponding duty upon the cloth, for the benefit of
the manufacturer—that is, for the capitalist; but
not one word is said for the toiling multitude of
laborers who earn their bread by t he sweat of their
brows. It proposes—though with much injustice
—to protect the wool grower and the capitalist;
why not the mechanic—perhaps the poorest paid,
and yet the most laberious of the three?
Norisit so trifling a matter to disturb this groat
branch of industry, in another view. It is very
easy to say that a duty is imposed upon the cloth
equivalent to the duty on wool; but this cannot
be done by arbitrary sums; there are a thousand
elements to be taken into the account besides the
price of the raw material, and the number of
pounds or ounces necessary to make a yard of
cloth. The cast of manufacturing depends much
upon the facility with which the operations are
performed, the skill derived from experience upon
certain kinds of goods, and the adaptation of labor*
and machinery to every stage of the process, so
as to secure the highest success and the greatest
economy. The change which is proposed in this
bill, as I am directly informed, will render the
stoppage of mills now running on certain kinds
of goods absolutely inevitable; and others will be
obliged to launch out anew into the field of exper-
iment, to see whether there is yet any place left
secure from the tamperings of the Government
where this branch of American industry can be
successfully prosecuted.
And finally, sir, the proposal to add duty to the
cloth and to the manufactured wool ought not to
take effect, because neither is necessary for the
protection of any branch of industry; and because
it will impose so much additional tax upon the
consumer of woolen fabrics. I am thoroughly
convinced of the expediency and of the duty of
Congress to adopt such measures as are necessary
to sustain every branch of industry which suffers
from foreign competition; and that thi^protection
should be proportionate to the actual force of that
competition against the inevitable obstacles which
may be opposed to our efforts, and having a re-
gard also to a fair compensation to the American
laborer; although I think that protection should
occasionally be lessened as these disadvantages are
gradually overcome. But I am as thoroughly op-
posed to burdening the public with needless taxes
upon food or clothing, or any of the necessaries
and conveniences of life, for the sake of giving
useless and unwarrantable protection to any pur-
Before finally leaving the subject of wool, I wish
to refer to a single change which ought, m justice
to the American importer, to be made m the ex-
isting law, as well as in the bill before us. The
law reads:
'■ Sheep's wool, ^manufactured, of the value of twenty
cents per pound, ojmcss, at the poit of exportation,-' &c.
The phrase" value at the port of exportation"
is interpreted by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and by the courts, to mean the day on -which the
vessel sails from the port, without regard to the
date of invoice or bill of lading. It is manifestly
impossible that a cargo should be bought, shipped,
and the vessel sail, in one day. For example, at
tiie Capd- of Good Hope the American agent js
often two or three months in collecting a moderate-
sized cargo. He may buy wool during them©nth
of November, under twenty cents per pound; it
is shipped and the vessel sails the last of Decem-
ber; in the mean time the market value may have
advanced to twenty and a half or twenty-one cents
per pound; and the merchant at home, instead of
getting his wool free, as he had a right to expect,
is compelled to pay the tiycnty-four per cent,
duty. On the other hand, if prices decline be-
tween purchase and shipment, the American mer-
chant is compelled to invoice his goods at the
actual cost; whereas the foreign merchant, ship-
ping on his own account, can always make out
his invoice at the market value at the date of ex-
portation, regardless of actual cost. What the
American merchant needs is such a change as
shall cause the actual cost to be taken as {he value,
the invoices to be accompanied by proofs sufficient
to satisfy the appraisers that what is represented
as the actual cost is really so.
I am prepared, therefore, to give my cordial
and earnest support to this bill, so far as it takes
the direction which I have indicated; so far as it
gives the needed protection to pursuits not now
cared for; so far as it shall promote the welfare of
the great States to be favorably affectod by it, if
there be such; but I as earnestly hope it may be
cleared from those provisions which I believe to
bo unsound in principle and ruinous in their oper-
ation, and which, if universally applied, might
launch us forth beyond the favoring winds and
safe channels of prosperity, into the unsounded
and mapless sea of individual suffering and na-
tional bankruptcy.
Mr. HOLMAN. The American people, sir,
have ever contemplated their Government with
honorable and patriotic pride; for the statesman-
ship that arranged its political elements is without
a parallel in the history of nations. By a just
disposal of power, its founders sought to secure
the freedom of the citizen',, the sovereignty of in-
dependent States, and the strength and dignity of
a united people. Yet this division of power, how-
ever admirably balanced, would,in the very nature
of things, give rise to parties differing, as men
have ever differed, as to the proper repository of
political trust; for the wisest statesmanship, in-
structed by the experience of ages, could not have
soclearly defined the landmarks between Federal
power and the reserved rights of the States and
of the people as that, in the ceaseless mutation
of human affairs, no conflict of authority should
arise. , .
While our fathers sought with eager solicitude
the benefits of a united nation, they were ever
mindful of the natural aggressiveness of power
and of the centralizing tendency of political in-
stitutions. While a strong Government was de-
sired, the statesmen of the day differed as to the
true strength of Government. Founding their po-
litical theories on the virtue and patriotism of the
citizen, and the wisdom of the collective intelli-
gence, some of those statesmen saw in the people
themselves the true foundation of national strength.
Others, doubting the stability of a Government
■ resting on the vacillations of the public mind,
sought to secure its permanency by the central-
ization of its powers. From this conflict of opin-
ion arose the Constitution of the United States,
conforming in the main to the opinions of the men
whose faith in mankind inspired a vigorous hope
of the future.
But the more vigilant statesmen saw, m the pos-
session of the various departments of the Govern-
ment, a dangerous andsubtile agency for encroach-
ment, on the reserved rights, in the construction
theymightimposc,inthearrogation of authority,
on the instrument which was at once a grant and
a limitation of their powers. Hence the amend-
ment of the Constitution, of the eleven articles
of which, involving the principles of govern-
ment, not one proposes an enlargement of Federal
power; but each is a positive declaration of some
right of the people or element of State sovereignty,
hedging in the Federal Government, as if by im-
passable barriers, that it might not, by anysubtilty
of interpretation, assume the exercise of authority
not clearly conferred by the words of the Consti-
tution or inevitably implied. But, sir, power is
ever aggressive; and from the very beginning it
inspired the contest between the domination of
Congress and the supremacy of the people, which
has moved on with the march of events, ever
changing as new principles of policy arise and
disappear, yet ever the same with reference to the
cause which gave rise to the contest, to thepres-
cnt hour.
Rising among the statesmen of that period , not
more patriotic than his cotemporaries, but "with <x
wiser and better faith in the people, hating the ar-
rogance of power, and in the prescicnce of his
