1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
of the military establishment for the year 1859;
which was oidered to lie on the table; and a
motion by Mr. Dams to prim the report, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. -
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of George
P. Iline, praying compensation for services on
the^ boundary survey between the United States
and Mexico, and an allowance for transportation
from said survey to his home; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin in relation to the affairs
of the Menomonce Indians within the limits of
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
John Brannan, an employe in the Department of
State, praying compensation for extra services;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WADE presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Scioto and Lawrence counties, m the State
of Ohio, praying such a modification of the rev-
enue laws as will afford protection to those en-
gaged m the manufacture of iron; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of James
L. Williams, of the second regiment of Kentucky
volunteers, who was wotmded at the battle of
Buena Vista, Mexico, praying an increase of his
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. •
Mr. POWELL presented the memo rial of
Thomas P. Dudley, praying to be allowed an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of Jane
B. Evans, widow and executrix of Cadwallader
Evans, deceased, praying for the renewal of a
patent granted to her late husband; whicl^was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. 4
Mr. WILKINSON presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Minnesota in favor of an
increase of mail service on certain mail routes in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota, praying the establishment of
a mail route from LaCrosse, in the State of Wis-
consin, to Shelby ville, in the State of Minnesota,
by way of Brownsville, Sheldon, Dedham, Pres-
ton, Carimona, Forestville, Spring Valley, Grand
Meadow, Mower City, Lansing, Frankfort, Aus-
tin, Sumner, Albert Lea, Freeborn, Walnut
Lake, and Winnebago City; which was icferred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POWELL, it was
GrJeicii, That the petition of Maiy J. Maltbw widow of
James We -f, prajing to be allowed <i pension, with the
adverse ioportthereon.be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Ordered, That the memorial ot "William Vance & Bioth-
ers, foi leimbuicement ef expanses ineuired in immsh-
mg outiit« to eeitam volunteer foi the Mexican war, who
were marched to the place or' rendezvous, hut were not
(inally mustered Into the service oftlm IJinied tftate>, now
on tin.* files of the Senate, be refencd to the Committee on
Mihtaiy Affairs, and MiliUa.
On motion of Mr. HAMMOND, it was
Chdercd, That the paper* in the ca?e of William Haz-
zard VVu*g, received from the Couit of Claim* on the 20th
mptnnt, b<; referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claim?.
On motion of Mr. HEMPHILL, it was
Ordered, That the papers lelating to the claim of 8 E
Edward- to certain land m New Mexico, on the files of the
Senate, he refencd to the Committee on Private Land
Claims
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom were referred
two petitions of citizens of Michigan, praying that
the hoirs- of the miiilia killed m the Indian wars,
or in that of 1812, may be placed on the same
footing in regard to bounty k nd as the heirs of
those who served in the war against Mexico,
asked to be discharged from tieir further consid-
eration; which was agr^'d to
Mr HEMPHILL.'The C( mmittee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William L.
S. Dearing, praying remuneration for expenses
incurred in raising a company of volunteers for
service in Florida, have instructed me t« make
an adverse report. I hope it will be acted on at
once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Did the Chair
understand the Senator to ask that the report be
printed ?
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator desires the judg-
ment of the Senate on the report.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I ask that the report be
read, and agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I must object. It may lead
to discussion. Let the report take the usual course
and lie on the table.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to my friend from
Georgia that wc have some day set apart for the
consideration of adverse reports. Wc arc not
prepared to consider adverse reports now. Other-
wise we may consider half a dozen, and the rest
will go by.
Mr. HEMPHILL. Let the report be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of the
legal representatives of George Mayo, deceased,
piaymg compensation for his services as a clerk
in the Post Office Department, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of Jofdiua Shaw,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia; which was agreed
to.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of W. A. Cameron, legal representative of
James Bell, submitted a report, accompanied by
: a bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of the legal rep-
| rcsentatives of James Bell, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading: and the
' report was ordered to be printed.
Air. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
. to whom was referred Jthe petition of John H.
j Wtckizer, praying additional compensation for
taking the census of the counties of Monterey and
Santa Cruz, in California, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to'whom
was referred the petition of Charles M. Perry,
praying compensation for services in the office of
the Treasurer of the United States, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of the legal representatives of Charles Porter-
field, deceased, praying bounty land, commutation
pay, and the reimbursement of advances made for
the public service, submitted a report, accompa-
] nied by a bill (S. No. 196) for the relief of the
< legal representatives of Charles Porterfield, de-
[ ceased. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
| ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
MARKET-IIOTISE IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referied a joint resolution of the City Councils of
Washington, to report a bill, and I am further in-
structed, as it is very much needed, to ask for its
present consideration and passage.
There being no objection, the bill (S.No. 192)
authorizing the corporation of Washington city to
make a loan and issue stock for $200,000, for build-
ing a market-house, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that bill had better
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objection
be ffiade, it must he over under the rule.
Mr. BROWN. It is very important that it
should be passed at once. It does not involve us
in the expenditure of a sixpence, one way or the
other, or entail on this Government any respons-
ibility. The necessity f*r it is this: the city au-
thorities have issued proposals for building the
market-house, to be returned, 1 think, on the 15th
of March, and they want to get the bill passed by
that time, with the hope that, havingan assurance
that they are going to do the work, the bids will
be for a less sum than they would otherwise be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore\ The bill will
be read for information.
The Secretaiy read the bill, which authorizes
the Mayor, Board of Aldermen, and Board of
Common Council of the city of Washington, any
provision of the act of incorporation of the city
to the contrary notwithstanding, to contract for a
loan and issue stock to the extent of $200,000, on
the faith of the corporation, for the sole purpose
of paying for the erection of a market-house on
the site of the present building, which stock is to
bear interest at not more than six per cent, per
annum, and to be redeemed at the pleasure of the
corporation within the space of fifteen years from
the date of its issue, the interest to be paid quar-
terly; but the entire revenue of the building, after
paying contingent expenses and interest on the
stock, is to bo appropriated to the payment of the
stock issued in accordance with the provisions of
this act. It is also provided that not more than
&220,000sliall be expended in building the market-
house; nor shall any contract be entered into which
shall involve a larger expenditure for its comple-
tion. *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw his objection?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to tell us What
is the provision in the charter of the city of Wash-
ington which this bill seems to contravene.
Mr. BROWN. There is aprovision in the char-
ter which forbids the corporate authorities here
from borrowing money or issuing bonds.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the debt of the
city ?
Mr. EROWN. I do not know what it is. The
statistics show that the rents from* the building,
when it is up, will more than pay the interest on
the bonds. The market-house will be a self-sus-
taining institution.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HAUN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 193) to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State ®f
California, which were collected in the ports of
said State as a revenue upon imports, since the
ratification of the treaty between the United States
aud the Republic of Mexico, and prior to the ad-
mission of said State into the Union; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. HAI/N. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Finance. •
Mr. GW1N. I ask my colleague to let it go on
the Calendar. It was before the Committee on
Finance at the last Congress, and reported back.
It is well understood.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 197) in
relation to the assignees of bounty land warrants;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON asked, and by unanimous-con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
! (S.No. 14) to repay the State of Georgia the
moneys advanced by that State for the defense of
the frontiers against the Indians, and not hereto-
fore repaid; \\ hich was lead twite by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HAUN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to rasi&e a commission for
the purpose of ascertainingand reporting to Con-
gress upon all the claims against the Government
m California, known as "military claims," or
those which arose out of the supplylothe Army
and Navy of stock, provisions, stores, and muni-
tions of war, in the conquest of California.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
| to introduce a bill for the purpose of causing the
' ea&turn boundary of ttie State of California to be
i sur\' ved and established.
lle'also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
i to introduce a bill to appoint an agent by the
