2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
gro
Wi
the post office in the blanks. I have no doubt
that some astute printer—a man who knew all the
trickery and machinery of his trade—had the law
framed in that way. The best evidence of that
fact is, that Mr. Rives, a man whose shrewdness
in business nobody can dispute, was perfectly
ignorant that this charge for composition had been
made until after his third or fourth examination
before the committee. ( will appeal to the chair-
man of the committee, whether we were'nat all
roping about in the dark on this subject at first.
"*e felt there was something wrong, but we could
not discover where it was; and it is not at all sur-
prising that neither the head of the Post Office
Department nor any other Cabinet officer of the
Government should have known how these im-
mense profits were realized.
The country is divided into three districts—
post office districts. In each of these there is an
agent for the distribution of the Post Office blanks.*
These men receive from the different postmasters
requisitions, as their wants may require at the
different post offices, for a certain number of
blanks. They send them on to the General Post
Office. They sometimes send from each district
as many as two or three a day. Each of these
comprise,in mostinstances,from fifteen to twenty
orders for different post offices. They reach the
Post Office Department, and they arc given to an
Assistant Postmaster General, who issues an or-
der, at the foot of each requisition, to the Public
Printer to print. At the very inception of this
business this abuse commenced. From 1852 until
1856 a Mr. Croweil printed these blanks under
a contract; but at the expiration of his contract
it went into the hands of the Public Printer, Mr.
Hams, who was represented by Mr. Wendell;
and some months afterwards the order was given
to Mr. Rice. Wendell was extremely intimate
with Mr. Seaman, the Superintendent of Public
Printing; and to give the Senate an idea of the
connection which existed between Mr. Wendell
and Mr. Seaman, I will read a few paragraphs
from the report of the select committee on print-
ing of the House of Representatives last year:
" The testimony in the case force? your commiitcc to, the
conclusion that some intimate, confidential relation'did
exist between Mr. Seaman and the principal paities in-
volved, and that they were not ignorant of the action and
interests ot each other. It is dircelly in testimony that one
of the paper contractors toid Mr. Seaman that lie would no
longer employ a party who had, up to that time, acted as
an agent lor the receipt of the paper; and further, it ap-
pears that the Superintendent then directed a gentleman,
who spoke to him in behalf of hi* brother, to send him to
Mi. Wendell to taik about the matter. The gentleman's
brother was. soon afterwards employed by Mi. Wendell to
do tiie work of an agent, at$l,U00 per annum. Tins per-
son did the work, looming the paper, and saw that it was
lfgulaiiy delivered to the Superintendent or hid clerk. For
these services Mr. Wendell paid him $1,000, while Mr.
Wendell was recognized as the agent, in iaet, for which
he received large percentages.
"Tins testimony betrays the impoitant fact that the em-
ployment ot Jin agent lor this duty was a matteroi arrange-
ment between the contractor and the Superintendent, and
that the agent thus employed did not peaorm the little
woik to be done; but, with the knowledge and consent of
the contractor and ol the Superintendent, he employed an-
other person, at a small compensation, to do it.
" Independent of any criminal interest, this conduct, and
the lelations thus established, were, undoubtedly, vviong.
Mr. Seaman wih the officer of the Government, whose
duty it was to inspect, and, if necessary, reject the paper
furnished ; while Mr. Wendell wa* the Public Printer, who
used the paper, who knew the quality of the aitiele, and
who was the only peison likely to complain of its quality.
The Supeiintetid'-iit was a large and constant borrower
from the contractors, and thus far lost his independence ;
while the Public Printer became the hired agent of the con-
tractor, and positively interested in the receipt of their
paper, no matter how inditlerent its quality.
'• Your committee find that Mr. Seaman received from the
engraveis, litliogiaphers, and papei contractors, examined
dunngthe investigation, in the way ot loans chiefly, buta
portion in money dnect, about the gross sum of thiity thou-
sand dollars.
" Your committee find, as heretofore stated, that Mr.
Wendell received from the paper contractors abouttwelve
thousand dollars. The evidence shows that he also re-
ceived from engravers and lithographers, during Mr. Sea-
man's supcrintendency, about twenty-seven thousand dol-
lar;,; making the grot-i sum paid to him, as far as ascer-
tained, about thirty-nine thousand dollars."
I merely state these facts in order to show what
were th^ relations between the Superintendent of
Public Printing, at that time, and Mr. Wendell,
the Public Printer, who was printing these blanks.
The first difficulty tiiat occurred to me in this
question was, that if the parties were entitled to
make any charge of composition at all for these
Post Office blanks, why were they not equally
entitled to make fifteen charges on each order,
instead of one; because, if the law authorized
them to receive that compensation, they were
equally as well entitled to receive it for each or-
der for each post office. The attention of the
Post Office Department was called in some way
or other to this subject; I believe, in the first
instance, by a very vigilant officer, Mr. Whittle-
sey, who said, in giving his final construction of
the law:
"The eleventh section further provides that 4nothing
shall be paid for altering post bills when the alteration
consists in the meie change of the name.'
"There being an express prohibition in this particular,
the inference of law is that other alterations aie to be
paid for. The same inference is in regard to the rules of
i printcis."'
Here, then, I think it is clearly established that
there was no violation of law on the part of the
Post Office Department. There clearly, to my
mind, was a neglect, a want of proper vigilance
in superintending the expenditure of the public
money. I should be very sorry to place myself
in the attitude of screening any department of
the Government from a well-founded charge of
negligence; but the Senator from New York will
admit that it is impossible that any head of a De-
partment can be acquainted with all the minute
details of his office. Such abuses may be going
on under his eye for years, and he not have the
slightest suspicion of them. I appeal to the Sen-
ator from New York if, with every disposition to
getat the truth of this matter, we were not unable,
for a long time, to find it ourselves? I appeal to
him whether Mr. Rives, who, as I said before, is
one of the shrewdest men in the country in his
own particular branch of business, knew or had
any idea of it until this investigating committee
found it out?
Then I say, there is no fault to be imputed to
the officers of the Government. I do not under-
stand the chairman of the committee to say that
the President had any complicity in this matter,
or had anything to do with it. 1 do not under-
stand him to say that any officer of the Cabinet
had anything to do with it. I appeal to him
whether that is so? I should hke to know
Air. ICING. I have stated my views clearly
and distinctly in a brief report which I have pre-
sented to the Senate, as a counter statement to
that made by the Senator from Louisiana; and in
that I did say distinctly that I thought officeis of
the Administration were guilty of improper con-
duct in this,matter; that they were complicated
in consultations as to these abuses. 1 cannot
mitigate the statements made in my report, and
which I think are fully sustained by the testi-
mony.
Mr. SLIDELL. That declaration of the Sen-
ator from New York obliges me to go more at
length into this matter than I had anticipated.
Mr. KING. I have no objection to thar, but
I trust the Senate will go on with this matter until
we get through with it. I do not wish to protract
the vote.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, as regards the
Post Office blanks, I have said that I am not dis-
posed at all to dispute the fact that there was fault
somewhere in the Post Office Deportment. I think
this abuse probably was known to some subordi-
nate officer of the Government, and ought to have
been corrected; but the whole testimony shows
conclusively that the President and Postmaster
General exercised no sort of control in this mat-
ter, except in the first instance to give the print-
ing of these blanks to Mr. Puce; and had nothing
to do with the quarrels and difficulties that after-
wards grew up. As regards what was the chief
ground of indictment or accusation against the
Government—a corrupt understanding, or an at-
tempt to establish a corrupt understanding, be-
tween the President and Cabinet,as to the transfer
of the Union by Mr. Wendell, 1 say it has been
most explicitly proved that the President was
never even acquainted with the negotiations that
were going on, unti 1 after they were consummated.
I think it is proved most conclusively by the tes-
timony of Messrs. Nichols ox, Apple ton, Bigler,
and several others, that he invariably declined
interfering in any way in the determination of
this question; that he kept himself totally aloof;
that on all occasions he expressed his disgust and
annoyance at the struggle for these spoils of pub-
lic printing, and uniformly declared that he would
have nothing to do with it. I shall content myself
now with this explicit declaration; and if the Sen-
ator from New York chooses to go into speciali-
ties, to cite any particular proof on which he
relies for the establishment of the assertions he
has made, I shall then reply.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
New York, I presume, is intended to imply that
these abuses have been encouraged and abetted
by the Administration. If itdoes not mean that,
it means nothing. The resolution, as reported
by the majority of the committee, is this:
"Resolved, That the laws regulating the prices and mode
of public printing, and the abuses necessarily growing out
of the expenditure thereof, requiie icfoim."
I think that this resolution presents the diffi-
culty in the strongest form. It declares that this
system is inherently bad, vicious; that no regu-
lation and no administration of the Government,
however pure and vigilant, can prevent the abuses
that exist under the system. I think the amend-
ment emasculates the resolution, and would rather
tend to encourage the continuance of the present
system; because, if the abuses grow out of the
administration of the law, and not out of the law
itself, there is not the necessity of reform which
the committee agreed did exist. I hope, then, the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, as will appear
from the reports and the statement the Senator
from Louisiana has made, the majority of the
committee were disposed to look more leniently
on these abuses than the minority. In their re-
port that clearly appears. The minority believed
that there were not only unnecessary abuses, but
abuses that were in violation of law. That opin-
ion appears in the reports and statements which
the minority have made. These resolutions pre-
sent the point to the Senate whether these abuses
were the necessary abuse of the laws iclating to
printing, and that there is nobody to blame about
it, or whether these abuses have existed on ac-
count of neglect, misconduct, or improper action
of the officers who executed the laws. The mi-
nority believe that the officers of the Government
who have administered the laws have done wrong,
and that a great deal of corruption and abuse has
existed which they are not willing to admit was
the necessary result of the laws.
But, sir, I desire a vote on this subject; and as
the opinions of all the members of the committee,
and their declarations, appear in the reports and
what has been said, I will not now repeat those
opinions; and I certainly am not disposed here
to single off any individual anywhere to acquit
or discharge. The question as to the gentleman
who may be acquitted by one resolution—the
present Superintendent, Mr. Heart—will come in
after this matter is disposed of. I ask for the
vote now on my amendment striking out the word
'* necessarily,55 on the ground that to retain that
word is to declare that these abuses have been
only the ordinary, necessary abuses which grow
out of the administration of government. 1 be-
lieve that we can have honest government, and
that no such abuses are necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to prolong
this debate, and I am not going to do so; but, as
one of the committee that went through this very
long and laborious investigation, I feci that I
should not be doing my duty to myself and to the
Senate, one of whose servants I was, unless I said
that these abuses were not necessary. Many of
them may hhve grown up naturally out of the
system. Many of them may have been nothing
more than carelessness; and I think some of them
were mere carelessness, but I do not think it ex-
cusable carelessness. I understood the Senator
from Louisiana, in his remarks in the former de-
bate, and I believe he repeated it this morning, to
say, that while he acquitted the Postmaster Gen-
eral of all complicity, (and m that I fully agree
with him,) he thought there must be somewhere
in the Department a connivance in this matter;
there must have been some officer in the Depart-
ment who, when a bill came m for five or six
times the fair price for doing the work, ought to
have found it out, or at least have inquired what
caused the great increase. I do not think that is
necessary; I think it is unnecessary. The res-
olution originally offered in committee by the
chairman, but which did not receive the assent
of a majority, was this:
'•'Resolved, That the laws jegulatmg the prices of public
printing, and the abuses piactieed in the expenditure of
money drawn from the public Trcasiuy, on account of pub-
lic printing, require reform."
