848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
President, to take charge of the New Almaden j
quicksilver iriin'e in California, for the purpose of i
working the same, and depositing the proceeds 1
thereof in theTreasury of the United States, sub- j
jeet to the decision of the case by the Supreme j
Court, it being now in litigation, and enjoined j
from working;.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I give notice
that I shall ask leave of the Senate, hereafter, to
introduce a bill for the admission of the State of
Kansas into the Union.
With the consent of the Senate, I now ask leave
to introduce the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection.
The bill (S. No. 194) for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union, was read the first time by its
title, and ordered to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read the second time, if there be no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not ask for the second
reading of the bill now. I shall ask it on a future
day for tUo purpose of reference, and on that day
I desire to address the Senate on the subject. *1
find that the time of the Senate is engaged for this
week by special orders, and I therefore will ask,
if it be not otherwise than convenient to the Sen-
ate, that they will allow me to call for the second
reading of the bill on Monday next, at half past
one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. Monday is a very busy day.
Will the Senator say Tuesday next?
Mr. SEWARD. Tuesday, with great pleas-
ure, or any other day.
Mr. MASON. In connection with what the*
Senator from New York has suggested, I will
say that I shall ask the Senate to-day to go into
executive session at its convenience, and in exec-
utive session I shall then ask the Senate to con-
tinue from da^ to day in executive session upon
the public-business. I give notice that on Mon-
day next I shall ask the Senate to go into execu-
tive session at an early hour, and to continue in
session until the public business demanding it .
shall be through with. j
Mr. SiSWARD. Will the honorable Senator j
not allow mo the floor on Tuesday? j
Mr. MA SON. I should be very sorry to inter-
fere with the Senator; but I presume it would
make no difference, and will not affect his conve-
nience, whether he be heard on Tuesday or Wed-
nesday. Perhaps wo may get through on Mon-
day with the executive business to which I allude;
probably by Tuesday, at any rate. But for that,
I would defer to the Senator's convenience with
pleasure.
Mr. SEWARD. I have named Tuesday, be-
cause I presumed that would be entirely agreeable
to the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Put it at Wednesday.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I will say Wednesday
of next week.
Mr. GREEN. I merely wish to remark to the
Senator from New York that I shall resist any-
thing like a test vote on the bill until it shall have
been referred to the appropriate committee; but
to accommodate him in presenting his views on
the subject, I have no objection whatever to his
asking ior the second reading of the bill, with a
view to reference. I shall certainly resist any-
thing like a vote on the engrossment or passage
of the bill, without a reference of it to the appro-
priate committee.
Mi. SEWARD. I hope the honorable gentle-
man will allow me to ask whether it is a peace-
able resistance
Mr. GREEN. It will be one of those
prcssible conflicts." [Laughter.!
_ Mi. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state, in rela- '
tioi) to the motion to print the Kansas eonstitu- j
tion, which was made by me the other day, that !
i wish to withdraw so much of the motion as is '
for the purpose of printing the constitution, as it
has been already printed by the House of Repre-
sfnt^'ves.andJmduponourtabksjand, therefore,
all the object I had in view has already been ac-
comphshed. I desire .however,simply to move that
the instructions which were moved by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. BrowkO
and also the amendment offered bv myself mav
be printed. "
Mr. GREEX. I see no necessity whatever for
the printing of these instructions. Wc all under-
stand them. They'have not been finally acted
on. T4iey impart no information to the coun-
try; they can do no good to the country by being
printed, and I shall object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I sslt ait< the sense of
the Senate be taken on the subject of printing
those instructions for our convenience.
The motion to print was agreed to.
SURVEY OF MINES.
Mr. IIAUN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lanrls be in-
structed to inquiie into, and repoit upon, the propucty of
causing a geological ami mineralogrral survey of the silver
and other mines on the eastern slope of the Sieira, Nevada
mountains.
NEW ALMADJS2* MINES.
Mr. HAETN. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Militaiy Affiiirs and
Militia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the State of California ull til" n<;!it. title, and
interest of the United States in and to the quicksilver mine
of California, known as New Almaden, m such manner
that the proceeds thereof (-hall be applied to the construc-
tion ot a t'.'u-i/ie railroad.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to ths mover of this
resolution that it had better go to the Committee
on Public Lands, or oil the Judiciary, than to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. HAUjNt. My object in placing it before
the Military Committee is, that I deem this great
railroad a military work, and I deem that this
mine may be appropriated in that way; and if it
goes to any other committee, it will not receive so
early a consideration. I wish to say a few words
on the character of that mine, and it's present con-
dition, so that the Senate may act advisedly 011 the
subject.
The New Almaden quicksilver mines are situ-
ated on a tract of land containingabout two square
leagues, in Santa Clara county, about forty miles
from San Francisco, and forming a part of the
rans^e of mountains known as the Sierra Azul.
The land on which the mines are situated is
claimed under three Mexican claims. First, by
a company, chiefly Mexicans, who took posses-
sion during the war, and call themselves by the
name of the New Almaden Company; second, by
persons claiming itiidei agiant by the Governor ■
of California to j os? Santos Berrcyesa; and, third, !
by persons claiming under a grant from the Gov- I
ernor of California to Justo Lannn. ]
These claims are disputed by the United States. '
The last two grants are admitted to be genuine; 1
lint, tho TTnir it Sfntftcj maiot limt t i <■  1 . • _ 1
but the Uni! d States insist that their boundaries'
do not embrace the mine: and the United States
insist that the claims of the New Almaden Com-
pany are forged, and fictitious m fact, and invalid
ill law.
On the hearing before Judges McCallister and
Hoffman, of the circuit court of the United States ,!
for an injunction in September, 1858, it appeared 'j
from the accounts and returns of the Almaden i
Company, as shown by their own books, that from I
the month of July, 1850, to the month of March, ;!
leio5, the mine had yielded quicksilver to the net '
value of §8,377,184. (
In the last nine months of that time, the yield j
had been §1,772,700; and it was estimated that the
y'1. ila<1 bce" ™uc!l greater during the years :i
1856-57; and, until the injunction was granted, ij
probably over two million dollars annually The
product exceeds that of all the other mines m the ,
world put together.
j; The proposition is not to interfere with the con- "
irrc- |j troversy pending between the United States and i
the private claimants, but only to devote the in- |
terestof the Government in the mines to the con- '
straction of a Pacific railroad, in case they should , *
prove to belong to the United States, and nat to '!
■ any private claimant.
:j It would be equal to a credit of §20,000,000,
i and would secure the completion of the road. The
,j Government would have much difficulty in kecp-
nig and working the mines; and a sale would sac-
nice them to speculators without anything like ..
'! their value: whereas, they could be advantageously |!
■: worked under the authority of the State of Call- 1
;! toinia, when known to all that the income of this
■ ™1J mine, the. greatest in the world, was secured j
to the building and completing the greatest na- I
"Clonal work of this or any former age, mid mi
much desired by California.
Mr. President,i might well pause here and ex-
claim, Avith Euclid, Eureka! for I have now show n
you a Avay in which a railroad can be huilt to th^
Pacific; here is the foundation laid deep cnousrh,
strorig enough, attractive enough, to draw suffi-
cient capital, without a dollar from the General
Government, to make this great, military, com-
mercial, social, Union-defending, national interior
fortress, harbinger of hope to posterity, blessing
of progress and safety to the living, and a na-
tional duty to the patriotic dead.
All parties are committed to this piojecr, whether
national orscctioual, gieat or small. * Then do it,
and astonish the Avorld with the achievement;
whilst they arc expecting daily a dissolution of
the Union. Do this, and let the hearts of your
"kith and kin" beneath von setting sun rejoice.
Do this, and let your loyal sons who guard your
golden western front, know and feel the family
recognition of which they are so proud. Do this,
and let your kinsmen who breathe the breezes of
the placid Pacific know* they are looked upon as
part of the Union, and not as mere provincial
rowdies. Da this, and it may be the means of
healing this hellish hate of sections so dangerous
to the Union, and so disgusting to $ frontiersman.
Do this, and seal the ^perpetuity of the nation,
"the Union and Constitution, one and insepara-
ble, now and forever!"
I ask for the immediate consideration of this .
resolution.
Mr. PUGH. This proposition to instruct the
Committee on Military Affairs to release the title
to property which is now m controversy, seems
to me rather premature. If it is to be examined
by any committee, certainly it ought to be exam-
ined by the Committee on the Judiciary. Never-
theless, as the matter is this day in litigation, I
think it Avould be well for Congress to refrain
from any action whatever. .1 understand there
has been a decision that this title is in the United
States, but the other party proposes to appeal to
or take a writ of error from the Supreme Court.
I think the matter had better not be acted on at
present, especially not by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, which certainly will not pass on the
jj title. However, if the Committee on Military
;j Affairs will take jurisdiction of such a question,
u I shall make no special objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I declined, on the part of the
Committee on Military Affairs, when the resolu-
tion was first presented. I did not think Ave had
any business with it.
Mr. HAUN". The resolution dors not con-
template interfering with the pending litigation at
all. It does not contemplate the raising of the
! judicial question whether this mine belongs to the
; company or any claimant, or to the Government.
I It simply contemplates a single naked fact of which
i the Military Committee may be as good judges as
I any other committee, though I am not particularly
: partial to their considering it. The propiiety of
i it is simply this: if the mine belongs to the Gov-
i eminent, or shall in future turn out to belong to
the Government, as the result of the litigation
now pending, then they are instructed to inquire
whether it cannot be devoted to aid iniiccomphsh-
ing this great achievement of the age. It does not
pretend to interfere with litigation.
Mr. MASON. I think it is a subject that re-
quires consideration at least, and I object there-
fore to the consideration of the resolution to-dav.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the rus
olution lies over under the rule.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Air. MASON. I ask leave to make the follow-
ing report trom a select committee, accompanied
by a resolution:
Whereas-, Thaddcus Hyatt, of the city of New York, was
on the 'Jlth day of January, A. D. 1660, duly summoned to
appear before the «e!ect committee of the Senate, apo: unfed
'to inquire into the facts attending the late uiv\i  nn and
seizure ot the armory and arsenal of the United Mates at
Harper's Forty, in Virginia, by a hand of armed men," and
lias tailed and refused to appear before said committee pur-
suant to said summon?-: Therefore,
Resolve rf, That the President of the Senate issue hi* war-
rant directed to the Sergeant-at-Amw, commanding Win
to take into \m custody the body of the s-aid Thaddeu,
Hyatt, wherever to be round, and to have the same toith-
with before the bar ot the Senate to aiMver as tor a run-
tempt ot the authority ot the Senate.
The same order was made a f-w days a^o in
reference to other contumacious witnesses. * The
