1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
remember—and it is a pleasing recollection—that
many southern members on this floor and in the
other end of the Capitol, and, in the main, the
press of the South, have done, impartial justice
to the northern Democracy. I quote with pride
from a leading southern journal:
"The tiuth is, tlie Democracy of the North have the true
leaven; ttfey are the refined gold that has withstood the
fne of Abolition fanaticism In tlie defense of the South,
and are the hope and stay of the country. If the South
repudiates them it necessarily gives up the Union, and de-
votes itself to bloody war and desolation."
There are not, sir, upon the face of this broad
land, truer men than the Democracy of the North.
Amidst the* surging billows of fanaticism they
have gathered the more closely around the Con-
stitution of their country, resolved to defend it as
they would their own hearthstones. They have
seen, in the invasion of the rights of any gart of
the Republic, an assault upon the Constitution it-
self. They have heard, in the dishonoring re-
flections which have been made on different com-
munities of the Confederacy, a burning insult to
% every American citizen. They are resolved to
stand knock-kneed and shoulder to shoulder in
defense of the honor and the constitutional rights
•of the whole nation; and if the fierce and vindic-
tive spirit of recrimination, which is impelling
the ultraism of the South and the fanaticism of
the North against each other, shall, in an hour
of madness and folly, attempt to dissolve the
Union, their closed ranks, inspired with the im-
perishable glory of the early days of the Repub-
lic, will present a living bulwark in its defense. -
But I trust in God, sir, this Union will for ages
survivethe storm that now beats with fearful suc-
cess against the foundations of its strength, and
that the " ancient warrior twin-born with man"
will achieve another victory for the race.
The union of the Democratic party, sir, exists
in its determination to maintain the integrity of
the Constitution and the Union of the States. Dif-
ferences in its ranks have ever existed on subor-
dinate questions. The vigorous material of which
that party is composed renders an absolute con-
currence of opinion impossible; yet, like the found-
ers of the Republic, while its members are gov-
erned by principle, they will make concessions
and sacrifices for the common good. While they
glory in the independence of individual opinion,
they yield a respectful acquiescence to the collect-
ive wisdom of the whole party, drawn together
from every section of the Union; not, indeed, as
infallible, but as the best and only method of se-
curing the countless blessings of a united nation,
and of handing down to the generations that are
coming the heritage of freedom which the con-
cessions and conservative wisdom of the past have
secured to the present. "While the Democratic ■
party have ever been jealous of Federal power,
and vigilant to guard against its encroachments,
yet, within the strict limits of the Constitution,
they have firmly maintained the legitimate suprem-
acy of the several departments of the Federal Gov-
ernment. While the decisions of the Supreme
Cou rt may not establ ish principles of public policy,
■ yet elevated as it is, as far as may be, above the
storms of party strife, irresponsible to the dynasty
of the hour, yet responsible, as every institution
must be in a free nation, at the bar of deliberate
public judgment; designed by our fathers as the
peculiar guardian of the Constitution and the most
conservative element in the Government, its opin-
ions, especially on constitutional questions, are
entitled to profound respect. That court, sir, has
exercised its great and delicate powers with such
prudence and moderation,firmness and integrity,
as to have challenged the admiration of the civil-
ized world and sccured the respect and confidence
of the American people.
A recent decision of that court has.given it un-
usual prominence in public discussions, and ex-
posed to the country the vindictive temper and
reckless policy of the Republican party^. TmU
party, asserting in their platform of 1856 "that
Congress possessed supreme power over the Tell l-
torios ofthc United States, for their government,
were indignant that their Federal dogma shouldbe
met by the decision that the Constitution had not
invested Congress with any suclvdespotic power.
They had asserted, by the legislation of States
where their authority was firmly established, the
equality of the races;" and their partisan sympa-
thies were fiercely aroused by a decision thatour
fathers had not conferred upon the negro citizen-
ship of the United States. Hence the war which
has been waged upon the Supreme Court, and the
envenomed and unscrupulous assaults on the ven-
erable men who, for a generation, have worn its
spotless ermine, and whose learning and integrity
have added imperishable luster to the administra-
tion of justice. Hence the effort to destroy in the
public mind the supremacy of the law and respect
for the court, by imputing to the decision an at-
tempt to deteimine a question not involved in the
record. And it is remarkable, sir, that the Repub-
lican party of the North and gentlemen represent-
ing the extreme views of the South have, through
widely different motives, concurred in attributing
to that court a policy which, if really indulged
in, would, at once annihilate its claim to public
confidence—a willingness to abandon the record,
and, in the exercise of unwarrantable discretion,
pronounce an opinion with a view to merely po-
litical results.
It is asserted, sir, that the Supreme Court have
decided that neither Congress nor a Territorial
Legislature can exclude slavery from ^Territory;
that it exists there by virtue of the Constitution,
and is entitled to absolute and peculiar protection.
I deny, sir, that such is a fair statement of the
decision. Itis also asserted, by gentlemen of the
State-rights party of the South, that it is a fair
deduction from that decision that the Constitu-
tion pledges the General Government to protect
slavery in the Territories. I deny the deduction.
And standing with the gallant Democracy of the
great State of Indiana—a State that has never for
one moment faltered in its devotion to the Con-
stitution, or failed in fidelity to its obligations—
and determined to stand by the legitimate inter-
pretation of the Constitution, I would defend that
decision against the insidious assaults which have
been made upon it.
There were two questions before the court, both
of which were decided in unequivocal terms, in
an opinion of unsurpassed ability. The court
held that a negro, whose ancestors had been im-
ported into this country and held as slaves, was
not a citizen of the United States in the sense in
which the term " citizen" is used in the Constitu-
tion; and secondly, that Congress had no power
under the Constitution to exclude slavery from
the Territories; and that therefore the act of Con-
gress, known as the Missouri compromise, was
unconstitutional and void. This is the whole
length and breadth of the decision.
It issaid, sir, that " the safety of the people is
the supreme law," and their rights are not to be
retrenched or their liberties imperiled by ambigu-
ity of expression, or by the subtility of legal argu-
ment. Itis true that the Clyef Justice, incidentally
referring, by way of illustration, to a question not
even remotely before the court, says that Con-
gress cannot confer upon the Territories pcfter
which it docs not itself possess; and it is inferred
that as Congress could not exclude slavery from
a Territory, a Territorial Legislature could not;
and why? Because Congress could not confer
that power upon it? What! Can the people of a
Territory exerciseno power not conferred oh them
by Congress? Is it on the power of Congress, this
creature of delegated sovereignty, this offspring
of nationalnecessity.that the popular institutions
of this Republic are founded? Congress cannot
exercise this power of exclusion—and why? Be-
cause the Constitution does not confer that power
upon it; and powers not conferred on Congress,
nor prohibited to the States, are reserved " to the
Statesrespectively,orto thepeople." It is, then,a
reserved power; reserved, in the broad language
of the Constitution, not to the States only, but
to the States or the people.
That the legislative authority of a Territory is
dependent on the powers of Congress, is a Federal
doctrine. Congress cannot legislate on any do-
mestic subject outside of the District of Columbia.
The records of seventy-three years do not furnish
one instance of such legislation. The nearest ap-
proach to such Federal arrogance is to be found in
the recent attempt of this House to punish domestic
crime in the remote Territory of Utah. Does it
follow that, because Congress cannot do this, the
people of a Territory cannot? Why, sir, your 1 er-
ritories, from the very beginning, have exercised
o-eneral powers of legislation on a thousand sub-
jects over which Congress has as little direct au-
thority as the Parliament of Great Britain, ana
have enacted half a million lawsj not one of which
has Congress the power to.enact.
I thank God, sir, that there'is a deeper and
more enduring foundation for tlie legislative au-
thority of the American people than the Congress
of the United States.
That authority, sir, is not the result of consti-
tutions, or acts of Congress, or the judgments of
courts; it exists in the collective reason of the liv-
ing masses of each separate community, and at
the furthest, acts of Congress can only organize
its elements.
The Supreme Court had -no occasion to exam-
ine into the inherent or conventional rights of tho
people of the Territories, or to what extent their
organic act is to be regarded as a grant or an or-
ganization of their powers. The questions of pop-
ular power and of reserved rights were not before
them in any conceivable sense; and that august
tribunal—perhaps the most learned, dignified, and
impartial that the world has ever seen—could
scarcely have intended, by vague expressions, to
determine one of the gravest questions, to the
discussion of which the genius of freedom has
ever summoned the godlike powers of the human
reason—the source and foundation of political
society. Indeed, sir, there are passages in the
arguments of the judges which clearly repel any
such conclusion. Mr. Justice Campbell said:
"How much municipal power may be exercised by the
people of the Territories, before their admission into tlie
Union, the courts of justice cannot decide. This must de-
pend, for tlie most'part, on political considerations, which
cannot enter into the determination of a ease of law or
equity. X do not feel called upon t<> define^he jurisdiction
of Congress. It is sufficient, for the decision of this case,
to asceitain whether the residuary sovereignty of the States,
or people, lias been invaded by the eighth section of the
Missouri act of 1820."
I admit that the Supreme Court decided that
the Constitution had not invested Congress with
power to exclude slavery from a Territory, and
that slaves are property, and that the Constitutipn
protects property; but not that it protects it in a
different maimer, or to a greater extent, in a Ter-
ritory than in a State. The Constitution protects
property in the one as it does in the other. How
does the Constitution protect property? By pro-
hibiting the impairing of the obligations of a con-
tract, or the appropriation of private property to
public use, without compensation, and securing
to rights of property the sanction of law; and are
not these provisions of the Constitution as effect-
ive and binding in a State as in a Territory? Can
a State any more than a Territory annul a " vested
right ?" And yet, sir, did any statesman ever
doubt that a State might exclude slavery? But it •
is said that the States are equal, and the Territo-
ries the common property of them all; that, there-
fore, whatever is property by the laws of the sev-
eral States, is entitled to protection as such in the
several Territories. But are rights of property,
sir, secured by a higher sanction than other rights
of tho citizen? Do all the rights of all the citizens,
as recognized by the laws of all the States from
whence they migrate, enter the Territory with
the citizen and exist there, in defiance of the ter-
ritorial authority? The proposition, sir, is the
very climax of absurdity.
The powers of the Constitution of the United
States, as to territorial limits, are general, and
affect the whole people of the United States in
their national relations, but not ill the domestic
policy of their local governments. The natural
vigor of the Constitution to protect rights of prop-
erty, or the still more valuable rights of the cit-
izen, is the same everywhere within the limits of
the Republic. It has not delegated a power to
the Federal Government, nor reserved a powerto
the States or the people, that does not affect in tho
same manner the internal policy of a Territory
and a State.
Chief Justice Taney, speaking of the General
Government with reference to the public domain,
says:
<  It enters upon it with its powers over the citizen strictly
defined and limited by the Constitution, from which it de-
rives its existence, and by viitue of which it alone con-
tinues to exist and act as a Government and a sovereignty.
It hast no power of any kind beyond it; and it cannot, when
it enters a Teiritoryof tho United States, put off its clutrac-
ter and assume discretionary or despotic potters, which tlie
Constitution lias denied to it. ft cannot createjor^selj a
new character separate from the citizens of the United Mates
and duties it owes then* under the provisions of the Con-
stitution."
The court did not decide that the Territories
