THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiiikty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, I860.
New Series No. 54,
committee have reported the fact and ask for the
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent for the consideration of the
resolution to-day. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to the con-
sideration of the resolution; but, as I voted against
the former one, in a minority of four, and expect
to vote against this one in about as small a mi-
nority; and as I look upon it as a dangerous pre-
cedent; and as itisadmitted, I think, by the chair-
man who introduced it, to be an innovation upon
the practice of the Senate 
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. I thought I understood the chair-
man-to say that he had never found any precedent
for a resolution of this sort.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will indulge me
for a moment. I said this: that, in looking into
the records of the Senate, I did not find any pre-
cedent here; which I understood to mean thai the
occasion had not heretofore arisen; not that this
was an innovation.
Mr. HALE. Then the difference between us
as to the term " innovation" is simply a difficulty
about definition. It is a new precedent here, es-
tablished for the first time now; and as I believe
it is a dangerous, a very dangerous, exercise of
power, entirely unwarranted by the Constitution,
and of dangerous example, I crave the indulgence
of the Senate while I state very briefly the reasons
which will induce me to vote against it, and pro-
test against it, here and elsewhere, now and for-
ever.
I look upon it, sir, as a most gigantic stride of
power on the part of this central Government,
winch is to throw down all the barriers that the
State governments can throw areund the indi-
vidual for the protection of his personal rights;
and I ask gentlemen who propose to vote for this
resolution, to put their finger on the Constitution
and tell me where the power is to be found. I
think I can tell them that, while they cannot find
it, 1 can put my finger on the placc and show
them where this Government is expressly forbid-
den, either the Senate or House of Representa-
tives, or the two Houses combined, to exercise
any such power. Sir, this was a very delicate
subject in the convention which formed the Con-
stitution of the United States; and they provided
in the Constitution two cases in which this power
might be exerted to take a citizen out of one State
and carry him into another. One was the case of
fugitives from justice. They thougjht it was neces-
sary in forming this Confederation, leading to the
States as much power as they could, that there
should be a power given by which a citizen might
be taken out of one State and carried into another
when he had escaped therefrom after having com-
mitted a crime. The other case was that of fugi-
tives from labor. The convention provided that
in these two instances, in regard to fugitives from
justice and fugitives from labor, the arm of the
Federal Government might be extended into the
States—I mean as the Constitution has been con-
strued—and take out of the Statesthose twoclasses
of individuals, and none other.
Then, sir, the jealousies that were existing
against this Government were so great that in the
amendments that were adopted soon after the Gov-
ernment went into operation, the States putin this,
which I construe to be a prohibition to the Fed-
eral Government to meddle with a citizen in any
one of the States, except m the manner provided
for m the clauses to which I have referred:
" The powers not delegated to tile United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reseived
to the States respectively, or to the people."
I construe that as much as if this amendment
had said, "we have given to you the power to
take a fugitive from labor and a fugitive from jus-
tice out of any State into which he may escape,
and carry him back to the State from which he
came; but beyond that, touch not the citizen; be-
yond that we withhold the power; we reserve to
the States and the people everything else; and the
protection of the individual rights of the citizen
54
by the State governments shall be sacred and in-
violable forever, except in the two cases which
we have provided for in the Constitution." To
my mind this argument i« unanswerable. I con-
fess that it strikes my understanding with all the
conviction of demonstration.
I know, sir, that there has been a construction
ofthe Constitution sometimes called latitudinarian,
behind which the advocates of the extension of
Federal power have sought to fortify themselves.
In this article, after enumerating all the powers
that are conferred by Congress, it is said they
shall have power
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper
for carrying into execution the foregoing powers."
I concede that; but if that covers the ease, it does
not say that the Congress shall exercise all pow-
ers which may be necessary; but that they shall
have power to make all laws which shall be ne-
cessary for carrying into execution the granted
powers. A sufficient answer to the argument de-
rived from that is, that Congress have made no
such law in the case, and if this power of taking
the citizen out of one State and carrying him to
this District was necessary for carrying out the
execution of the powers granted, itis necessary to
be done by law, and that law has not been passed.
Rut, sir, I have another objection to this resolu-
tion , though the one which I have stated is perfectly
unanswerable to my mind; I do not pretend to
speak for anybody else. I think that, in the hurry
of the moment and in the excitement of the hour,
the powers that were conferred on this committee
were broader than we had any authority to give
them. We had no power to give that committee
anything that we had not ourselves. 1 grant that
the Senate, a part of the legislature, is also a part
of the judiciary, and it has certain judicial powers;
but those judicial powers are limited to the ex-
press grant where the authority is given, and they
are, if I recollect the Constitution rightly, twofold :
one is the case of impeachment, and the other
where it sits to try the right of its own members
to their seats. These are the judicial powers of
the Senate; and, if I recollect rightly, though I
maybe mistaken,but I think I am not mistaken,
these are all the judicial powers that the Senate
possess. The article of the Constitution which
says that Congress shall have power to make all
laws which are necessary to carry out the granted
powers, does not mean that they shall have all
powers which are convenient; but when the term
" necessary" is used it implies something without
which the power granted could not be exercised.
It does not mean that they shall have all powers
which would make the exercise of the power
granted more convenient; but it means that they
shall be absolutely necessary, and " necessary"
implies that the thing granted cannot be executed
without it. But, sir, the power with which the
Senate undertook to invest this committee, and
which they do not possess themselves, is in these
words:
" Whether anv citizens of the United States not present
were implicated therein, or accessory thereto, by contribu-
tions of money, armmunitions or otherwise."
I contend that that is strictly arid literally a
judicial power. Itis a power to which the judi-
ciary is perfectly competent. It is a power emi-
nently peculiar to that department of the Govern-
ment. It is the right of Congress to pass laws, to
make general laws; but to ascertain whether an in-
dividual is amenable to the law for a violation of
it, is, if I know anything about language, strictly
a judicial power. Congress can only inquire in
reference to the necessity ofpassinggeneral laws.
What has it to do with the necessity of passing
laws, whether this or that individual has been
guilty of a certain specified crime' I think that,
m the hurry and the excitement of the moment,
and in the desire and the anxiety which we all
possessed to give an opportunity for investigation
to those who felt themselves aggrieved by the out-
rage of which they complained, we went a little
too far, and undertook to invest this committee
with powers which we did not possess ourselves.
That was a judicial power; or it might, without
being invidious, be called an inquisitorial power,,
by which witnesses were to be summoned, and
inquiries were to be made, not as to th6-necessities
of legislation, but as to whether laws that were in
existence had been violated by individuals. That is
an invasion of the judicial power, and ah infringe-
ment of persdnal rights, which, I think, the Senate
would not have adopted if they had given it that
consideration which, in my judgment, it deserves.
But sir, as to this other power of sending into •
the States and taking witnesses, and carrying
them at your pleasure from one State to aaother,
to my mind, it is one of ftie most alarming strides
of Federal power that has ever come under my ob-
servation, and one most liable to abuse. I have
seen here, during the present session, rewards,
large rewards, offered for the life of a citizen of
Massachusetts, and a citizen of Ohio: Howeasy,
then, if this power is to be exercised, is it for any
individual to go before a magistrate arid make out
a case, under the law; have the witnesses sum-
moned from one State to another, and, under that
pretense, get him to a place where neither his
rights nor his life would be safe; for I take it that
no man's rights or life would be safe in a com-
munity where a price was set upon his head.
I know very well, thatthis principle was adopt-
ed in 1846, in an act of Congress, and the power
was given to your Federal judges, all over these
United States, upon the mere showing of the pros-
ecuting attorney, to summon and compel the at-
tendance of witnesses from New Hampshire to
Louisiana, or anywhere else. I have not that law
before me, and I do not know but that, in its
terms, it might be broad enough to authorize some
of your five dollar commissioners 
Mr. SLIDELL. I am sorry to interrupt the
Senator from New Hampshire, but the morning
hour has expired, and the regular order is the tin'
finished business of yesterday.
Mr. MASON. I submit'that this is a question
of privilege, strictly, and I ask the Senate to go
through with it. Without any discourtesy in the
World, to the Senator from New Hampshire, I
shall not feel myself called upon to reply to him,
but shall ask that the vote be taken
Mr. HALE. If that is the case 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the im-
pression of the Chair that it is a privileged ques-
tion, and the Senator is in order.
Mr. HALE. I did not want the Senator to re-
ply, I will say without any discourtesy. I only
want to vindicate myself before my constituents
for the vote I shall give. I did toot get-up to make
a speech. I do not care to go on; I simply got up
to state the grounds on which I shall vote against
the resolution. I content myself with simply ask-
ing for the yeas and nays on the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. MASON. I said that, without the slightest
discourtesy, far less disrespect for the Senator, I
did not feel called upon to reply. The Senate,
within the past week, has made a similar order in
regard to witnesses who refused to attend before
this committee. I said that the precedents of the
Senate showed no case, as far as I had been able
to ascertain, where a witness had refused to at-
tend; but they do show more than one case—cer-
tainly one—where, when a witness who did attend
refused to give evidence, a like case of contumacy,
the Senate exercised its power to arrest the witness
and confine him; and he applied for a habeas cor-
pus, and the courts refused to discharge him, ac-
knowledging the power of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will indulge me a
single moment, I will point out the difference be-
tween that case and this. I contend that if a wit-
ness submits to this authority and comes here
before the Senate to testify, then this objection
does n ot exist, but they may exercise such author-
ity as they have for contempt when he is here.
That does not authorize you to send a summons
into another State to bring him here.
Mr. MASON. The consent of the witness
could confer no jurisdiction on the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I voted for the other resolution,
