I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess. Executive Protest, Prerogatives, and Patronage—Mr. Beale. Ho.: of Reps.
made chairman of the committee; and in the case
cited by the honorable and distinguished chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, in his able report, Mr.
Whitbread, mover of the impeachment against
Lord Melville, was appointed one of the commit-
tee raised.
Nor can I see why, in a matter either of accu-
sation or of inquiry, as in this case, the mover of
the resolution should be excluded from the com-
mittee and the chairmanship of it, in accordance
with all parliamentary practice and precedent.
If the President had been left friendless upon
this committee, he might perhaps have reason to
omplain, and might, with more propriety, charge
anticipated unfairness. But the presence of the
experienced parliamentary skill, acknowledged
ability, and personal friendship of the honorable
and distinguished gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] should have removed all appre-
hension on the part of the President, and shamed
his imputation of unfairness.
The President complains that the resolutions
are vague and indefinite. In his own language—
" The resolutions are as vague and fienerat as tlie Ensiisli
language affords words to malic them.""
If the resolutions were accusations, their vague-
ness could scarcely be urged as a valid objection
to them, for a vague accusation is no accusation,
and did not deserve at the hands of the President
the notice with which he has honored it. In
every court of law, of honor, or of Parliament,
precision is the essence of an allegation; and any
charge, rambling,undefined, or vague in its char-
acter, if it at all arrested the attention of a defend-
ant, would be required to be made certain—would
demand explanation or would be disregarded.
But if the resolutions are merely of inquiry,
they are of necessity \ague. They are often based
upon suspicion, upon hearsay, and, at best, upon
general and imperfect information. The object
of the resolutions is to obtain precise information
upon which to ground specific allegations. If the
contrary were the fact, no investigation would be
necessary; for upon accurate information charges
could be preferred without any preliminary in-
quiry. Investigations of all cases of corruption,
bribery, or crime, are based upon vague inform-
ation, and seek from the little in possession to as-
certain the entire truth.
The mistake of the President in this, as in his
former objections to the resolutions, consists in
his determination to regard them as condemna-
tory, and as final judgments upon himself and his
official conduct.
This sensitivenesss and determined perversion
of the true intent of the resolutions awaken not
a little-suspieion, and justly expose the President
to the charge of a desire to suppress investiga-
tion, and avoid its consequences.
Against this suspicion, the President, in anti-
cipation, declares emphatically that he makes this
protest "for no reason personal to himself."
Why indulge in such a forecast? Every pre-
sumption should be m favor of tjje supposition
that the President, acting as the great conserva-
tor of the Constitution and laws, was actuated
by a simple desire to protect both. The law so
regards every official, and would so interpret
every message of the President, if disconnected
from circumstances impeaching the assumption.
But those circumstances, the array of the Presi-
dent's argument, and his giatuitous disclaimers
of egotism, justify the country in suspecting and
condemning him.
The President, after congratulating himself
upon the " exalted position" which he accident-
ally occupies,assures us that " he will take care,
so "far as in him lie*, that the rights and preroga-
tives of the position shall never be violated in his
person, but shall pass to his successors unim-
paired." Interpieted by the circumstances of this
case, tin' expression is'one of deep significance.
The term prerogative has ever been displeasing
to the ears of freemen; and the struggle between
prerogative and privilege has ever been the strug-
gle between the Repiesentative and the Executive
to prevent or procure the transition of power from
the many to the few, has ever involved the con-
stitutional rightsof the former, and has ever been
the covert blow aimed at popular liberty by the
Executive. We will take from the Piesident of
the United States no right guarantied to him by
the Constitution. We will infringe upon none.
But, sir, we are bound to watch with jealous eye
the prerogatives of any officer. And we will
watch those of the President. Wewillkeep'them
within the defined limits, and we will denounce
their undue exercise.
The President's allusion to the " Star Cham-
ber" and " general warrants," have a juxtapo-
sition to his defense of "prerogatives," full of
meaning suggestion. They were all involved in
that great struggle whose historic record is the
proudest of England's many heroic conflicts,and
which resulted in the establishment of constitu-
tional safeguards for popular liberty, and in legis-
lative guarantees for the rights and redress for the
wrongs of the citizen.
With the spirit of that strife our revolutionary
sires were deeply imbued; and the duty of us,
their descendants, is to preserve it intact.
With us, also, that other doctrine, asserted by
the Stuarts, and shadowed forth ail through this
protest, that the right of the ruler is divine, and
that he can do no wrong, meets with equal rep-
robation.
These odious doctrines led one Scotch sovereign
of England through the windows of Whitehall
upon the scaffold, and drove another to a return-
less exile from throne and friends. The Presi-
dent may learn a lesson .from the latter; and
in the fate of his namesake see his own fore-
shadowed.
The President has called our attention to his
age, and shelters the extravagance of his assump-
tions at that sanctuary. Sir, the President can
invoke no reverence for ago itself to which my
heart will not devoutly respond. I yield to none
of my associates, to no man, in reverence for the
"hoary head." But, sir, let it be that old age
which approaches its final harvest crowned with
the fruit and the whiteness of public and of private
virtues; that age going down like the sinking sun,
whose disk from behind the great verge illumes
the western sky, and shines far back toward its
eastern morning, until it pales amid the coming
out of the summer stars.
T^Jie Piesident reminds us of his "gray hairs."
We might remind him that those sacred snows
should have cooled the ardor of many a denuncia-
tion in this protest, ere he asked at our hands
consideration for them.
It was not in the best taste for the President of
the United States, a high public fuctionary, to
allude to either. He was not too old to enjoy the
sweets of official position; let him assume its re-
sponsibilities, and the difference is wide between
the old age of private life, the old age which only
comes forth like the " venerable man "of the poet,
to soothe the public tumults and bring peace to
his country, and the age of the veteran politician
and office-holder, who grasps the reins of power
with palsied hand, and reminds us, ill this pro-
test, "how fields were won."
The age and gray hairs which are aggressive
can claim no exemption. Thatflagof truce which
nature holds out must cover no advancing foe,
must wave over no hostile outpost. To neither
of these will it afford immunity; and by a rigid
construction of every rule of warfare, it would
even exempt such vanquished from mercy.
With much of complacency, the President as-
serts that" the present is the first attempt to assail
his personal or official integrity;" that he 11 feels^
proudly conscious that there is no public act of
his life which will not bear the strictestscrutiny."
Sir, I will not attempt to assail the personal
integiity nor invade the private life of the Pres-
ident. Tilts is no place, nor is that the warfare
in which I ever indulge toward a political oppo-
nent, A warfare of crimination is an ungenerous,
unmanly warfare. Against it all the sanctities
of private life, all the chanties of humanity, and
the age to which the President alludes, lifta shield
before his breast. Rut, sir, to his public acts I
may allude; nor will I pass within the intrench-
ments of this committee, and gather facts and con-
clusions from its investigations. I will content
myself with what history has already made her
! own, and garnered up for us and coming time,
i I might call the attention of the House to the
j calumny originating with the President, while a
I Representative in Congress in 1825, and which for
!, years hung like a somber cloud over the name of
the illustrious " commoner" of Kentucky, and the
only refutation of'which tended to obscure the
fame of the patriotic and gallant Jackson—a
charge oft and completely refuted, but which,
earnestly persisted in, accomplished its objed,
and once and again bore back from the highest
positions its noble victim; a charge -which, cred-
ited by thousands,-followed him to his final rest;
but, yielding to that last demonstration, dissolved
in tearful regrets upon his corse. And, shyarotiiid
those cold remains, as in their great tranquillity
they traversed the Union he so much loved, gath-
ered more of earnest earthly honor than followed
his maligner as his triumphant foot pressed the
eastern porch of the Capitol; more than has con-
centrated round his Administration, or graced his
whole public career. And justly, too; for the
former, even in his cerements, murmured, peace,
peace—peace to jarring sections; peace to conflict-
ing interests; peace to the angry passions of men;
peace to that whole country to whose interests
his life and death were consecrated "While the
latter, finding the gates of Janus shut in peace,
burst their bars, and through them sent the sword
and the Furies.
Sir, although the soil of Kentucky embraces
the ashes of Henry Clay, still he is of the Union;
still we hear, as from a trumpet, his manly ac-
knowledgment of the evils, and earnest warning
against the extension of the peculiar institution;
the. institution whose swart statue stands to-day
the deity of the White House3 and for whose
worship and its propagation modern Demociacy
has become a missionary enterprise.
I wonder not, sir, that the gallant Opposition
in this House, the Clay Whigs of the South,.so nio
of whom stood close by his standard, cherish as
of religion his memory,and have scorned to strike
hands with the minions of his foe. And in that
respect for his memory, sir, I, who ever with-
held my vote, but not my heart, from their chiv-
alric leader, would unite with them, and would
lay my chaplet upon his grave.
Mr. Speaker, in 1844 the majority of the De-
mocracy presented the name of an illustrious
statesman frommynativeState and district for the
highest office in the gift of the people. He was
the choice and favorite of such majority. His
financial policy was deemed necessary to, and has
become identified with, the prosperity of the coun-
try.
In the Democratic convention which that year
assembled at Baltimore the Pennsylvania dele-
gation stood instructed and pledged to Mr. Van
Buren; but by the machinations of Mr. Buchanan,
then Senator in Congress, and his present prime
minister, under the dictation of southern Democ-
racy, the absuid •' two-thirds rule" was initiated,
was carried by twelve Pennsylvania votes, and
another rival removed from the path of the pres-
ent Executive. And, gentlemen of the northern
Democracy, you w^io are desirous of nominating
another northern candidate at another Baltimore
convention, pardon me if I simply refer you to
the history of the convention of 1844, and say,
"read the books of the sybil."
In 184G the Democracy of my own State nom-
inated for Govei nor her favorite son, the man who
had clectedthe Democratic President of 1844,and
bad given to Mr. Buchanan the portfolio of office.
That man, thus deserving, was struck down by
the same hand, and went back to his home, his
farm, his grave. Sir, it is matterof history, tliat
Mr. Wright was defeated, in 1846, at Washing-
ton, by the President and bis .Secretary of Strife
and of War, because lie dared to oppose the ag-
gressions of slavery, and those who kissed its
scepter. He was defeated, sir; but no earthly
reverse or enemy could triumph over the soul ot
Silas Wright. He went back to the plow and
field he so much loved, and from which alone he
boasted any honors. He went back, the object
of a popular love, which built itself, like a tri-
umphal arch, over his passage to private life. He
went back, the center of bright hope to millions
—the coming man for the coming time; and there,
sir, this Christian Cincimiatus met and yielded
to a mightier than earth. Amid the rural scenes,
the rural pursuits, the rural friends of his earlier
| and mature years, he " passed the bourn." His
| stern integrity, his purity, his manly simplicity
I of character, his wide-reaching mental grasp, liis
