2814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senate
committee.
Mr. HAMLIN, Then I understand the con-
ference must be asked here, and now. That branch
having the papers must ask the conference The
other branch has nothing to ask a conference on.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes; that is the parliament-
ary law.
Mr, PUGH. I insist on my motion.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 understand the House has
already asked for another conference.
Mr. BROWN. Then let us wait until they
send a message to us. Such a report, I believe,
may be received; but it cannot be discussed to the
prejudice of my right to the floor on the other bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consid-
eration of the appropriation bill will be resumed.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr. PUGH. At the request of the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Siv .ioks,] I move to re-
consider the vote bv which the Senate referred to
the Committee on Claims the bill for the relief of
Isaac S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York. I only-
want the motion entered.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, i
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. >
510) making appropriations for sundry civil ex- \
penses of the Government for the y >ar ending j
June 30, 1861, which had been reported from the !
Committee on Finance with various amendments. j
The first amendment o£ the committee was in line i
forty-seven, page 3, to insert the following: !
To pay for marble already delivered at the Charleston |
custom-house, to be used in continuing the work on that j
building, $15,000; and for continuing the construction of i
that building, §133,000—making $150,000. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright '
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment which has just been read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Georgia to this amend-
ment. Ought not the preceding clause to be struck
out?
Mr. TOOMBS. What is it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. " For preserving the un-
finished work upon the Charleston custom-house,
$5,000."
Mr. TOOMBS. That was left in by mistake.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the amendment of the
committee is agreed to, that clause should be
stricken out. It is a part of the amendment, but
is not so printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment which has been
read.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the clause:
kS For preserving the unfinished woik upon the Charleston
customhouse $5,000."
Mr. TOOMBS. That was the amount lequired
for simply preserving it. Subsequently the com-
mittee inserted, in lieu of that, a provision to pay
for marble already delivered there, $25,000; and
for continuing the work, $135,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the appropriation of £>5,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to ask one
question m regard to what has been said by the
Senator from Georgia: whether this amount jt is
supposed will finish that building?
Mr. TOOMBS. The amount called for by the
estimates last year was $500,000. That is the
estimate. They have had nothing for two years.
The last estimate made by the Department for
continuing it is $500,000. We have not got an
estimate of how much it will cost, and I do not
know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the question I
designed to ask. The Senator from Georgia has
answered it—that we have no estimate whatever
us to what this building is to cost.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have the original estimate
of the cost.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Upon this building we
have already, I think, expended about two mil-
lion dollars.
Air. TOOMBS, 1 think not so much. It has
cost about one million two hundred thousand
dollars, I understand, though that is a question I
have not looked into.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that there
has been already expended on the custom-house
at Charleston $2,000,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think not. I can turn th«
Senator to the estimate for it, if he wantsjt. The
committee found the work in this condition: that
there was §15,000 worth of marble there delivered
and not paid for. They found that that work and
the custom-house at "New Orleans had already
been contracted for on a particular plan, and were
going to ruin, and it became absolutely necessary
now to continue the work. Neither the commit-
tee nor the Senate now have any ri^ht to alter
it. It is being built according to contract, both
for materials and workmanship, with the Gov-
ernment, and we are doing nothing more than
appropriating an amount to keep it on during this
year, which is §350,000 less than the estimates,
that has been the action of the Committee ou
Finance on it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, I
submit to the Senate whether this is not a very
loose way of legislating, and whether we ought
not to stop and consider before we appropriate any
more money to these custom-houses at Charleston
and New Orleans. I once looked into this mat-
ter. We had it up at the last Congress; and my
recollection is that there has been expended at
the custom-house of Ni w Orleans neaily three
million dollars, and upon the custom-house at
Charleston nearly two million dollars, and that
we have no estimate of the amount which these
building? are to cost when completed. I under-
stand now from the Senator from Georgia, that
we have no estimate of the amount which these
buildings are to co3t, particularly the one at
Charleston; but I suppose it to be the same as to
the other. He did not answer in regard to New
Orleans. I do not know how the fact may be in
reference to that; but they are both in the same
category.
Now, sir, although these buildings have been
contracted for, I think the Congress of the United
States should stop and ascertain at least what it
is estimated these buildings will cost before we
vote any more money. There have been ex-
pended £,2,000,000 upon this building. I under-
stand from the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] that the original estimate was §2,000,000.
I have not the repott before me at this moment,
| but I think something like that has already been
expended. I submit to the Senate that we ought
not to appropnate another dollar to eilliei of these
buildings, which have cost such extiawigunt
prices. The one at New Orleans, it was shown
a former occasion here, was built upon a founda-
tion which was giving way; that different poi-
tions of the building had sunk seveial inches—
several feet, I am reminded by one of the Senators
here—within a few years. Under such circum-
stances, for one, I am not disposed to appropriate
any money until we have a specific estimate,
showing what these buddings are to cost when
completed, 1 care not what the contracts are. We
had better foifeit the contracts and pay the dam-
ages. There is money enough appropriated in
this bill now for one of these buildings—the one
at New Orleans, $280,000—to build the building
from the foundation, and that sum is only to con-
tinue it. I do not know how much it is to cost
to finish this building. It will cost more to keep
one of these extravagant buildings in repair, after
it is finished, than it would to put up a building
which would probably answer all the purposes.
Mr. CHESNUT. I have no doubt, sir, that
the plan for this building of the custom-house at
Charleston was upon a most extravagant scale,
it was unnecessary; but the Government has
made the contract on that scale, and has gone to
some extent towards its completion. They have
expended, I think, somewhere in the neighbor-
hood of the sum which has been mentioned by
the honorable Senator from Illinois; and it be-
comes now a question of economy with the Gov-
ernment whether they will complete this building
or allow it to go into dilapidation. They have
had no money for two years; and if it goes on, as
it is now, with these contracts open, and parties
suffering from the non-performance on the part
of this Government of these contracts, we shall
have claims for damages, besides the ruin of this
large building and the loss consequent upon it.
In order to throw such information as I have
on the subject, I will ask the Secretary to read a
letter, which has been furnished to me by the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
mons,] communicated to him by the superintend-
ent, in which he refers to the estimate which he
had made on this subject, and which he now
renews.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Treasury Department, jFebruary 10, isfio.
Sir : I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt ot your
request tor "an estimate to pay the indebtedness and to
carry on the worK on the Tieasuiycxtonsion, the Charles-
ton cu-toia-house, and the New Orleans custom-!.ousef
until the is£ of July, I860," and to s>av in icply, that in mak-
ing up my annual leport to the honorable sSecretaiy of the
Treasmy, I made a careful estimate of the amount which
would bo required tor the above puipo^es during the coming
fiscal year. Since making tiiat report, I have been con-
firmed in the opinions then expressed, and shall therefore
be guided by the estimates, men made m complying with
your pre-ent request. These estimate* for the whole year
were as follows:
For the Treasury extension $1,000,000
<£ Charle&ton custom-house  500,000
New Orleans £k   500,000
Fiom the fact that (owing to the omission of Congies?*
to make the usual approptiations for these woiks at its last
session) liabilities have accumulated, under tiie various
contiacts tor the dehveiy of material?, which must first be
discharged when an appropriation u made ; and Irom the
fin tlier ract that these accumulated mateuals mustimme-
diatel> be placed, when the e is an appropriation for the
purpo-e, the larger moiety of the above estimates would
neces.-arilv be expended in tile fir*t halt of the period es-
timated lo'i, and quite the largei proportion oi that moiety
in the cailiest pait of the peuod. I thereto! o estimate that
one half ot the above amount will be required before the
L-t ot' July, 1660, namely:
For the Treaty extension §500,000
Foi the Charleston custom-house  ^50,000
Foi the New Orleans custom-house  2o0,000
I do not entertain a doubt hut that a true policy and
sound economy, as well as the be«.t intciest.s ot the Gov-
ernment, r<-quiie that these appropriations should be made.
My ica&ons lor this belief are given at length in my annua!
report, and need not be here reiterated ; butexpeuence has
Mtiec proven that the waste and injuty to matei ials, accu-
mulating contingent expenses, and otner like causes, make
it still moie imperative that atiue economy demand-, these
appiopiKitious, without icierence to any ciainisot damage
that may grow out of the non-compliance by Government
with the eo.macts of the Department. 1 cannot, tbereiore,
too earnestly recommend them, and that they maj be made
immediately available.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, youi olvHhent
servant, A. II. DOWMAN,
Engineer in charge of the Trectsuiy Department.
Hon. James F. Simmons, Senate Chamber.
Mr. CHESNUT. It will be seen,from ^that
letter, that the point raised by the Senator from
Illinois is not fully met. It does not give the
amount which is probably required to complete
the buikhng. It only goes so far as to say what
ik necessary for the picsent expenditures in the
year to come—that is, the 1st of July, 18G0—
which he puts down nt ^500,000.
But the other question is a question which the
Senate must consider: whether it is more eco-
nomical, whether it is better that the Govern-
ment should throw away the vast amount of work
which it has already done there at great cost; and
besides that, leave the Government open to the
piussure of claims fiom without from the reason
of the non-perfoimance of the contract on the part
of the Government. If the Senate choose to de-
cide that against the economy as proposed by the
committee, and as indicated by the officer of the
Government, who has charge of the construction,
why, sir, I suppose it is a matter of small import-
ance to us; certainly it is to the people of South
Carolina. That work redounds to the benefit of
those who do not live with us. Those who are
chiefly benefited by it, are those mechanics and
stone masons who come from abroad, and the
material is greatly supplied from abroad. It is
true, that the citizens of Charleston have some
pride in seeing a building; there which has been
commenced by the Government, and which prob-
ably will be one of great architectural beauty, and
to that extent may be interested in it. How far
beyond that 1 know not. The custom-house is
of very small consequence to us; very small in-
deed. Being a free-trade people, perhaps we could
( do as well without any custom-house. As the
I representative, however, of that State, and under
the application of those whom [ have the honor
to represent, i support the measure. 1 think the
least that can be done in view of economy; in the
view of propriety so far as the Government has
already acted, is to go to the extent of the appro-
priation recommended by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
