1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
could not exclude slavery; and the proposition
that the Constitution protects slave property or
any other kind of property, or any other right of
the citizen in a different manner, or through differ-
ent agents, or to a different extent in a Territory
than in a State, is not even suggested by the de-
cision. Does the Constitution protect property
in a State cxcept through judicial agency ? Can
it protect it in a different way in a Territory.
The truth is, sir, the question of the power of
the people of the Territories over their domestic
institutions was not before the court. But that
tribunal, sir, judging from its past history, will
never hold that the Constitution is qualified in its
supremacy by the character of the local govern-
ments; that it shrinks back in the presence of State
sovereignty, but assumes the arrogance of a des-
pot over the inherent sovereignty of the people.
No, sir; the Constitution, and the laws of the
United States which shall be made in pursuance
thereof, are the supreme law of the land;" but no
more supreme in a Territory than a State. That
Constitution was the aet of the people of the Uni-
ten States, as a people, not as confederated States;
and its broad asgis overshadows them—not in the'
States only, but wherever they may be banded
together, for the purpose of giving supremacy to
law, on American soil. In the midst of the pop-
ulous city, where commerce builds her empire;
or on the boundless savannas, and in the giant
forests of the great West, where the strong arm
of the pioneer grapples with determined purpose
the unsubdued forces of nature; in the solemn
Hall's of your Capitol, or under the shade of the
wide-spreading tree; where iron men pronounced
the judgment of the unwritten law; in the abodes
of wealth, or at the hearthstone of poverty, the
Constitution of the United States utters the same
majestic words of political equality in domestic
rights, and guards with the same eternal vigilance
the freedom of the people against the encroach-
ments of the Government if has established. It
does, indeed, sir, enter the Territory with the citi-
zen, not merely to protect his rights of property,
but to stand around him as a wall of fire in the
protection of his rights as a man.
If then, the Constitution pledges the General*
Government to protect slavery, is not the pledge
equally effective everywhere? Can the people of
a State, more than in a Territory, annul a consti-
tutional right? The truth is, sir, that this doctrinc
strikes at the very root of popular government,
and breaks down the barriers of constitutional
liberty. 1 sec in it, sir, the germ of a consolida-
ted power, "whose subject comprehends an em-
pire." Let the people give their approbation to
this new and subtile agent of centralism, and fol-
lowingjts lead, sir, your Federal Government
will, in the progress of time, if no violent agent
should interpose, march forward to a despotic as-
cendency over the reserved rights of the people.
In vain, sir, would the Democracy have hurled
their anathemas against the arrogance of Govern-
ment, and planted their triumphs on the ruins of
ancient Federalism. In vain had their leaders in
the early days of the Republic achieved imper-
ishable honor in the defense of popular freedom
against the sleepless rapacity of power, and given
a just supremacy to the empire of opinion, if in
the hour of temptation they had consented that,
on the pretense of protecting property against the
aggressions—not of government, but of the peo-
ple—the powers of the General Government, by
the "art of definition," shall be increased, open-
ing up an unlimited career of Federal usurpations
m the vast empire which it is the destiny of the
nation to control, and building up the strongholds
of consolidated power, which, strengthened by time,
nothing but the righteous sword of revolution can
hew down. Sir, the Democracy never could con-
sent that such shall be the termination of a career
so illustrious in its beginning.
Remembering, sir, the vigilance of our fathers,
I might well inquire of the Opposition, in the vig-
orous words of Mr. Justice Campbell, in the Dred
Scott case, whether " it is probable that the su-
preme and irresponsible power now claimed for
Congress over boundless Territories, the use of
which cannot fail to react upon the political sys-
tem of the States, to its subversion, was ever
within the contemplation of the statesmen wlio
conducted the counsels of the people in the form-
ation of the Constitution?'*
I have sought to illustrate, sir, the extent of the
powers of the General Government over the Ter-
ritories by reference to its authority .over the
States; for the right of a State to regulate its in-
ternal policy, except so far as the right is ex-
pressly surrendered by the Constitution, has never
been called in question. I claim that a citizen mi-
grating from a State to an organized Territory
does not cease to be a citizen of the United States,
and does not cease to possess any of the attri-
butes of reserved sovereignty which he possessed
as a resident of a State. Suthe possesses no con-
trol over the Confederacy; for that is the result of
the delegated powers, and as a citizen of a Terri-
tory—*'a new State" not yet admitted into the
Confederacy—he can only, in common with other
citizens, exercise, not the delegated, but the re-
served rights, and these are absolutely, and in all
respects, and to all intents and purposes, the
same in a new as in an old State. But the one may
not only regulate its own internal affairs, but par-
ticipate in the Government of the Confederacy;
the other may regulate its internal affairs only—
for the one is a State of the Union, the other " a
new State'5 not yet admitted to the fellowship of
the Union, yet in a proper sense a sovereignty;
for the sovereignty of the people gives character
to their Government, and the Government is only
so far inferior as the people themselves are subordi-
nate. You must break down, sir, tl^e old land-
marks of the Constitution, and build up new ones
" on the plea of implied and incidental powers,"
before you will find a warrant for interfering in
the domestic affairs of any part of the American
people outside of the District around your Capitol.
The decision of the court would seem to indi-
cate, indeed, the absence of power in Congress
over the Territories, except in that general legis-
lation that applies to the whole Union. Chief Jus-
tice Taney, speaking of the Federal Government,
said:
" It has no power over the person or property of a citizen
but what the citizens of the United States have granted.
And no laws or usages of other nations, or reasoning of
statesmen or jurists upon the relations of master and slave,
can enlarge the powers of the Government, or take from
the citizens tiie rights they have reserved."
And again, speaking of the powers which Con-
gress is prohibited from exercising, he says:
" And this prohibition is not confined to the States, but
the uords arc general* and apply to the whole territory over
which the Constitution gives it power to legislate, including
those portions of it remaining under territorial govern-
ments, as well as that covered by States. It is a total absence
of power everywhere within the dominion of the United
States, and places the citizens of a teintoiy, so far as these
rights aie concerned, on thesame footing with the citizens
ot the State*, and guards them as iiimly asamst any inroads
which the Oeneial Government might attempt, under the
l'lea of implied or incidental powers."
In view of these general principles, which rig-
idly limit the Federal Government to the powers
which are clearly conferred on it by the Constitu-
tion, what becomes of the Federal doctrine, that
the Constitution confers on Congress sovereign
powers over the Territories for their government?
or that other kindred doctrine so confidently ad-
vanced by gentlemen,
" That slavery exist" in the Territories by virtue of the
Constitution, and it is within the power as it is the duty of
Congress to cnact laws for its protection, unless protected
by territorial authority."
There is no warrant, sir, for the exercise of
either power in the Constitution,
But if Congress can exercise the one power, it
can the other. Mr. Justice Nelson said:
"If Congress possesses the power, under the Constitu-
tion, to abolish slavery m a Territory, it must necessarily
possess the like power to establish it. It cannot be a one-
sided power, as may suit the convenience or particular
views of the advocates. It is a power, if it exists at all,
over the whole subject."
The Republican party of the North and the
State-rights party of the South only differ as to the
method of Federal intervention. The one would
protect slavery in, and the other would exclude
slavery from, the national possessions. The dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,]
more consistent than either, but apparently alone,
recognizes in Congress the power either to pro-
tect or prohibit slavery. I insist, sir, that the true
doctrine i^ that which has been avowed by the
conservative national Democracy, that Congress
possesses neither the power to protect or prohibit,
nor any other power in connection with domestic
slavery, except for the rendition of fugitives from
labor; and that the people of the Territories pos-
sess, as reserved rights under the Constitution,
unqualified power to establish, protect, or pro-
hibit slavery, as, in view of their local interests,
their own judgment may determine.
The question of the inviolability of contracts
under the Constitution, which may arise, is for
the determination of the courts, and not for Con-
gress; and to the mastery of the law every citi-
zen who is loyal to the Constitution will submit.
But after all, sir, this question is only one of
theoretical importance. In the midst of the con-
vulsions which threaten the permanency of the
Union and alarm the public mind, while states-
men are brooding over abstract questions of power,
the people themselves who swarm into your Ter-
ritories from all parts of the Union, controlled by
the laws of nature, policy, and interest, settle the
question for themselves and their posterity, and
prepare to take their placos in the Union as the
founders of great and prosperous States. All the
fanaticism of the North will not exclude slave-
ry from a Territory where the people desire to
establish it, and the combined chivalry of the
South will never impose it on a people contrary
to their will. Such, sir, is the resistless force of
popular opinion in a free Government. Why,
then, sir, should the national Democracy, involv-
ing in its integrity it may be the destinies of the
Republic, exhaust its vigor and imperil its har-
mony in the discussion of an abstract question ?
If the people of a Territory do not desire slavery
as a domestic institution, a code enacted by Con-
gress, even if constitutional, is the only rem-
edy; and then, sir, unless you can quell the free
spirit of the American citizens, and reduce the
pioneers of your Territories into the condition of
serfs, who are willing to obey laws which they
have not enacted, the act of Congress will be but
a by-word and a reproach—an illustration* of the
feebleness of tyranny in a contest with afreepeoplc.
I claim, sir, for all parts of the American peo-
ple, an equal right in the Territories. In my
judgment, no act of Congress could be more un-
just or more unconstitutional than one which,
either directly or remotely, should arbitrarily de-
prive any citizen of the iJnited States, by limita-
tions on his person or property, of the free enjoy-
ment of the common territory. I deny any such
power in Congress. The common mind of the
whole nation, as represented in the Teiritorics,
should be left perfectly free to determine the char-
acter of their own institutions.
The Democratic party is rigidly impartial. It
recognizes no right in the citizens of any commu-
nity to sit in judgment on the domestic or social
institutions of another. It will not tolerate a
spirit of fanaticism or prejudice or sectional arro-
gance in the legislation of the country. It will
support the supremacy of the law, and stand by
the matured decisions of the courts of justice. It
will as freely enact laws to protect in the Terri-
tories the constitutional rights of citizens from
the South as from the North. It will maintain,
in the spirit of fraternal justice and national
honor, the constitutional rights, even to the utmost
verge, of every section of the Union; but, I trust,
will never consent, yielding to the impulse of the
hour, to abandon its well-settled policy of non-
intervention with slavery in State or Territory,
and trample upon popular government.
That party, sir, will be true to its past history.
It will not consent that, by any refinement of
reasoning, or subtilty of interpretation, a system
of encroachments on the sovereignty of the peo-
ple shall be commenced. It is by these covert and
silent agents, and not by violence, that the liber-
ties of a people are overthrown.
It has been the glory of the Democratic party,
sir, that for half a century it has successfully
resisted the stratagems of that arch enemy of re-
publics, which would bind down the arms of
Freedom " with chains concealed in chaplets."
That party, sir, will not consent to any infringe-
ment on the.Constitution, however subtile may be
the attempt. It-will not be awed into silence and
submission by the hope of victory, and would
rather encounter defeat, than, by yielding to the
demands of either extreme of the Union, consent
that, oven in theory, the constitutional rights of
any part of the American people shall be stricken
down.
" Oh, not yet
Mayest thou unbrace thy corslet, nor lay by
Thy svvoul ; nor yet, O, Freedom ! close thy lids
In slumber; for thin*  enemy never sleeps,
And thou must watch and combat till the day
Of the new earth and heaven."
