I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4$
36th Cong.... 1st Sjsss.
The President's Protest—Mr. Loomis.
Ho. w Reps'.'
either wing of the Capitol, how the "legislative
was aggrandized at the expense of the executive
department." Persistently, menacingly, seduc-
tively, the Executive approached the Representa-
tive; but for a time in vain. Republicans, Amer-
icans, Democrats in name, but freemen and free
Representatives, confronted, bore back the iniquity
and its author, and " Lecompton, naked," was
defeated.
And, sir, when that scheme came up in a mod-
ified and insidious form, what executive admin-
istrative influences were used ? I say, what
influences? Let the result and the Covode com-
mittee answer. I speak not alone of checks skill-
fully drawn to avoid detection; of official patronage
promised; of a return to this House assured to
Representatives; of a social political cordon drawn
between the obedient and refractory; of the smiles
of executive and Cabinet favor lavished upon
one and withdrawn from another; of tremblers
or trimmers, who desired to fortify themselves by
Cabinet advice, and accidentally voted against it;
ofparvenues, whose heart's blood of principle con-
gealed in the shade of a placeman's displeasure,
and who have striven and are striving to buy
back the sunshine of power, by infidelity to
pledges and to the people. I speak not of any
single one, but of all of these things, and ask the
question, which department encroached upon the
other—executive or legislative ?
The bill passed, became a law, and the consti-
tution and the proffered bribe were indignantly
spurned by the people of that Territory. They
have framed a free constitution, and their eloquent
Delegate has come with it; and Kansas stands
waiting at the gate of the Union, demanding ad-
mission. We, the Representatives of the people,
have said, by our votes, swing wide those gates,
and welcome our sorrowing sister in. Let her
put off her weeds, and put on the garments of
gladness, and become the thirty-fourth of the sis-
terhood, the seventeenth of the free States of the
Union. But, sir, under the dictation of the Ex-
ecutive,, the Democratic majority of the Senate
bar her entrance, and defy the will of the people,
which demands her admission.
But, sir, the Executive not only violates the
privileges of this House, and interferes with its
legislation, but everywhere it seeks to thwart the
will and infringe upon the rights of the people.
In conventions, it dictates platforms and seeks to
nominate candidates. At the ballot-box, it dic-
tates to the voters,and seeks todefeat their choice.
The President is among the number of those who,
having made an unworthy test, never pardons
whoever dares to differ with or oppose him. Such,
sir, has been emphatically his course, relative to
those gentlemen who dared to differ with him on
the Lecompton policy. Which of them has the
President forgiven, and the reelection of which
did he not oppose? Hasicin, in my own State,
true to his principles, met the sternest antagonism
of the President, and through a fiery opposition
came back here to confront his adversary.
Hickman, bearing in a feeble frame a brave,
true soul, like a sword too mighty for its scab-
bard—the man who was requested by the Presi-
dent to pledge him in person for " Free Kansas,"
and who, like the radical Democracy of New
Yoik, sought and could find the republicanism of
Jefferson and Madison only in the Republicanism
of to-day—against him, too, were arrayed all the
influences of Executive and Cabinet; but in vain.
He stands here with clarion voice to speak for
freedom and for privilege; and his masterly report"
in tins case is a sufficient answer to the arrogance
and sophistry of the President.
So with Harris, who died all too soon for his
country; and othei&, elected for the first time
against the minions of the Executive, in whose
favor ail the influence of office had been exerted:
Reynolds and Schwartz and others, opposed
with bitterness at the polls, denounced with malig-
nancy by the Administration organs here, but
lifted by their fidelity to principle above the cloud
of executive displeasure into the sunshine of the
people's love.
While, sir, to testify still stronger his disregard
of popular will, men whom the people have re-
pudiated have been made the favorite appointees
of the President. Foreign missions, heads of De-
partments, judicial positions, have been made the
hospitals for the wounded, almshouses for the
mendicants, or sepulchers for the dead.
Nor has his policy toward the refractory at the
other wing of the Capitol been less summary or
persistent. Urging against the reelection of the
Senator from Illinois ail the powers of the Gov-
ernment, he has ruptured the demoralized de-
mocracy.
Obeying the behests of the southern owners of
the Democratic party, and counseling only with
his own prejudice, he entered, by his officials, the
last national convention of that party, dictated its
platform, and controlled its action.
And while with his left hand, there, he strangled
squatter sovereignty and its author, with his right
hand, here, he signed an official commission with
pen dipped in the Wood of Broderick; striking
down his foe on the Atlantic coast, becausc he had
hesitated, still hesitates, and rewarding those who
struck down his foe on the Pacific coast, because
he never, never hesitated, but, true to all early
instincts and teachings, " wasopposed to the ex-
tension of slavery, and to a corrupt Administra-
tion.
I might allude, sir, to a still more odious inter-
ference of executive power^vith popular rights
and popular feelings. I mean the attempt on the
part of the President and his predecessor to en-
force the fugitive slave law—a law manifestly un-
constitutional, and destructive of the most sacred
rights of the citizen—a law whose enforcement
by the minions of the Administration dragged
Sims and Burns from the foot of Bunker Hill, as
from a sanctuary, stained the theretofore white
glory of New England, and robed Faneuil Hall in
mourning—the enforcement of which makes you
and me, Mr. Chairman, to chase the fugitives from
chains over the graves of our revolutionary fath-
ers—the enforcement of which upon a bright Sab-
bath morn of April last, out upon the free sea,
stopped a national steamer, lowered the flag of
our country to half-mast, fired signal guns of dis-
tress, and there, under the blessed sunlight, and
upon the bright waves, with brave "Oid Hun-
dred" chanted in impious mockery, sent the cow-
ering, starving, half-dead fugitive back from an-
ticipated freedom to servitude and stripes.
And, sir, by whom were God's law of freedom,
God's law of the Sabbath, and our country's
honor, violated? By men of New England, who
had so far apostatized from all earlier and later
faith and truth as to be Administration delegates
to a modern Democratic national convention.
Sir, entertaining these views, and in the light
of these illustrative facts, the Republican Repre-
sentatives regard with something of contempt the
charge in this protest, that they have invaded the
rights or violated the prerogatives of the Piesi-
dont. And, sir, in return, theychargc upon him
a violation of their most sacred privileges. And
we call the attention of the country to the issue,
and ask judgment upon it at the hands of the peo-
ple. We ask their attention to the facts, that, to
use his own words, " the only direct representa-
tive on earth of the people of all and each of the
sovereign States" shrinks from an investigation
of his official conduct by their Representatives;
that in the luxuiy of power he has forgotten the
true sources from which it comes; that he ques-
tions the right of their delegates to call him to ac-
countability; that by patronage he has built up a
central power, irresponsible to them, and designed
to overawe them, and dangerous to their liberties;
that he seeks so to wield that power as to intimi-
date or corrupt their Representatives; that by ap-
pointments to position he prostrates their will,
and insults their judgment; that he seeks to con-
trol their conventions, dictate their party plat-
form,and bias their popular elections; that lie has
struck down every man who has dared to " stand
up for the right,5' and elevates to position those
who by a popular verdict have been declared un-
worthy; that he has reversed the whole liberal
and frugal policy of the Government: that by him
Freedom and Economy, those two pillars upon
which Mr. Jefferson, in his inaugural, rested the
Republic, have bedft beaten down. I quote the
language of Mr. Jefferson:
aA line and frugal Government, which shall restrain
men from injuring one another, which shall J cave them
otherwise rice to regulate their own pursuits of industry
and improvement, and s>hali not take tiom the mouth of
labor the bread it has earned-
"Equal and exact justice to ait men, of' whatever state'
or persuasion."
That, in shorty by this protest he has Hot onljr
broken the privileges of Representatives, but-
struck at the system of representation itself;
that by such breach of our privileges, and such
attack upon our legislation, he has manifested ihe
same spirit whiph urged the royal prferogativist.
to violate the privileges of the Commons of Eng-
land, and attempts with armed handtb seize tiwir
committee of five. ' :
And, sir, if this act should grow to a precedent,
we, too, may one day see aPresidenfand his of-
ficials enter this House, armed, to arrest the Hep-*
resentatives of the people.
But, sir, mindful of our rights, and, higher far,
the rights of our constituencies, say to him',
as said Mirabeau to a minion of prerogative—
"The representatives of the people have ro<oived to in-
vestigate. We are here, and do this by the will of the peo-
ple, and will be deterred or -torn hence only by the force of
bayonets.
THE PRESIDENT'S PROTEST.
SPEECH OF HON. DWIGHT LOOMIS,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the House of Representatives,
June 16, 1860.
The House being in the Committee of the Wiioie on the
state of the Union-
Mr. LOOMIS said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire to submit a few re-
marks upon the subject of the President's protest.
I should much have preferred to discuss this sub-
ject when it was appropriately before the House,
on Friday of last week; but I was prevented from
doing so by the adoption of the previous ques-
tion.
The President's organ, (the Constitution,) not-
withstanding the unprecedented rebuke the pro-
test received m the House, by the vote of 88 to
40, has the effrontery to proclaim, in its issue of
the 9th instant, that—
The Republicans feared discussion. The protest wHI
stand. It has been approved by the imperative decision of
the public voiee of this country. It has elicited, by its mod-
eration and dignity, no less than its vigorous argument, the
applause of the ablest statesmen of Europe."
It is not at all improbable that the supporters
of thrones and dynasties and kingly prerogatives
in the Old World may have bestowed their ap-
plause on this production of our " Democratic
President." But whence came that" imperative
decision of the public voice of this countiy," in
support of this protest, I know not, unless from
those who eat the crumbs that faJlfrom the Pres-
ident's table.
How any one can sustain this imperious pro-
test upon its real merits, I cannot conceive; for I
regai d it as containing assumptions of prerogative
unbecoming a republican President, as^ well as
dangerous to the rights, liberties, and best inter-
ests of the people.
The issue presented by the protestis not wheth-
er the President is or is not guilty of improperly
influencing the action of Congress, but whether
the House of Representatives have the right to
make any inquiry or investigation concerning the
matter.
The President denies such right in the most
emphatic terms, unless such inquiry shall form
part of the proceedings for his direct impeach-
ment. He says:
" The House of Representatives posses* no power under
the Constitution over the iirst or accusatory poition ot the
resolution [which is the part objected to] except as an im-
peaching body."
And again he says:
" Except in this single case [i. e., the case of impeach-
ment] the Constitution has invested the House of Repre-
sentatives with no powei, no juitediction, no s-upieinaey
whatever, over the President, la all other respect* he is
quite ad independent of thein as they are ol'him- A< aco-
oidmate branch of the Government,*he is ilieii equal. In-
deed, he is the only direct lepresentativfi on earth of the
people of all and each of the sovereign Slates. To them,
and to them aloue, he is responsible, while acting w.thin
the sphere of his constitutional duty, and not in anj man-
ner to tho Hou^e of Representative*.5'
Thus the President would build up, around bis
acts and his Administration, an adamantine wall
of prerogative, which nothing can penetrate or
break down, except direct proceedings for his
