1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL tiLOBE.
1871
The events which arc transpiring around us,
and the dangerous attitude assumed by the Re-
publican party, which has arrayed the extreme
men of both sections of the Union in vindictive
hostility against e'ach other, may well excite se-
rious alarm. The crisis is full of peril. Patriotic
men everywhere are looking to the national De-
mocracy as the only political organization pos-
sessing cither the power or the will to meet that
crisis and avert the impending danger. That
party, sir, under the leadership of the tried-and
gallant statesman, whose name, ere another setting
sun may gild the dome of your Capitol, will swell
upon the voice of an exulting nation, gathering
together the conservative elements of all sections
of the Union, from ocean to ocean,.and from the
Gulf t# the Lakes, inspired by the genius of concil-
iation, and sacrificing upon the altar of their coun-
try the differences of the hour, will rise equal to the
emergency, and will add to their record of patriot-
ism the enduring glory of having shielded their
country from the parricidal arm that was raised
for its destruction.
Mr. WASHBURN, of "Wisconsin, next ad-
dressed the committee. [His speech will be pub-
fished in the Appendix.]
Mr. WALDRON. Mr. Chairman, the Thirty-
Sixth Congress has reached the fifth month of its
first session. It assembled in this Capitol with
great and varied interests demanding considera-
tion and attention. The public creditors impa-
tiently awaited our coming, for they were on the
verge of bankruptcy and had long served without
their just remuneration. The plighted faith of
our Government was to be redeemed. The men
whom we came here to serve were pressmgupon
our attention matters of vital importance. There
were legitimate subjects of legislation before us:
such as the admission of new States, the oigani-
zation of new Territories, the homestead bill, the
Pacific railroad, the development of our resources
at home and the protection of our interests abroad.
All these were subjects that properly commended
themselves to the attention of an American Con-
gress, and oar constituents had reason to expect
that they would receive fitting and careful con-
sideration at our hands.
But, to the exclusion of all these matters, the
"irrepressible conflict" breaks out. Before the
sun goes down on the first day of the session, the
subject of slavery is introduced by the Demo-
cratic party; and "for eight long weeks an organ-
ization of this House was prevented by a discus-
sion in which passion took the place ©f reason,
and vituperation was the substitute for argument.
While the Republicans in this body were in no-
wise responsible for that conflict, still, for one, I
can say that the discussion was not unexpected;
nor, more than that, was it unwelcome. What-
ever is across our pathway may as well be reached
and confronted atone time as at another. No man
can close his eyes to the fact that there is a ques-
tion now agitating this land before which ques-
tions of financc and tariffs, of protection and im-
provement, dwindle into insignificance. It is a
question which cannot be settled by compromises,
nor dodged by time-serving expedients. It must
be met fairly and squarely, and, in the light of
reason, justice, and humanity, receive its determ-
ination and abide its settlement. That question
underlies all party organizations, molds every
party policy, and goes to the root of all party
controversies. It is a question whether the equal
rights of men are to be affirmed in the legislation
and policy of our Government, or whether the
idea of an oligarchy is to be recognized, which
protects the interests of a privileged class at the
expense of the toiling millions of our Confederacy.
The vital, all-absorbing issue of to-day is, whether
the Republic is to be perpetuated in the faith, the
spirit, the practice of its founders, or whether it
is to be perverted in its policy and workings to
subserve the interests of a baneful aristocracy.
Before that issue the counterfeit Democracy has
quailed and succumbed; false to its name, faith-
less to its traditions, recreant to its professions,
it is now the ally of* capital against labor; the
champion of caste and privilege against equality
and right. ,
When I speak of the Democratic party, 1 refer
not to the organization of the past, for that party
once recognized the inalienable rights of man, and
to its ears freedom had not become a hateful
sound; but.I speak of ths Democratic organiza-
tion of to-day, which has espoused the cause of
the strong against the weak; of the rich against
the poor; of the pampered capitalist against the
hardy son of toil. 1 speak of the party which is
compelled, by the slave power, to carry its black
flag and to fight its political battles under the
crushing burden of its wrongs. • I speak of the
party which would still further oppress and de-
grade those who are now low in the scale of hu-
manity, and which would repress that sympathy
for the struggling which a sentiment of benevo-
lence or a sense of justice might prompt. It is of
thatparty, as controlled by the slave power—doing
its bidding, registering its decrees, supporting its
policy, and sustainingits candidates—that I speak.
I arraign it before the country as false to the pol-
icy of our revolutionary fathers; as unfaithful to
the obligations of our common Constitution; as
disloyal to the integrity of the Union, and as the
betrayer and vilifier of the honest industry of the
land. These are the charges. Now for the proof.
First, the Democratic party is arrayed against
the policy and teachings of the republicans of the
Revolution as well as of the Republicans of to-
day. The principles of our organization come
down to us in the Declaration of Independence.
The sentiments of hostility to bondage which we
j assert are but the echoes of the utterances of our
I fathers. They believed the institution of African
! slavery to be inconsistent with the genius and
I hostile to the spirit of the Government they had
founded. When they framed the Federal Consti-
| tution, they thought it wrong to admit, by any
word in that instrument, "the idea of property
m man;" they regarded the institution of chattel
slavery, as then existing among them, as a deplor-
able evil, and their legislation was with a view to
restrict and confine it. And I here place upon
record the sayings and writings of those men, as
testimony to confirm my position,and at the same
time place in striking contrast this modern De-
mocracy as it bows down before the Moloch of
human bondage.
The men of 1776 tell us, to use their own lan-
guage, that " the people were struck with the in-
consistency of an appeal for their own liberties,
while holding in bondage their fellow-men,guilty
only of a skin not colored like their own; and
the citizens of Georgia, m 1775, sent forth to the
world the following manifesto:
" To show the world that we are not influenced by any
contacted oivinterested motives, but by a general philan-
thropy for all mankind, of whatever climate, language, or
complexion, we hereby declare our disapprobation and ab-
horrence ot the unnatuial practice of slavery as (huwever
the uncultivated state of the country or other specious ar-
guments may plead for it) a practice founded in injustice
and cruelty, 'and highly dangerous to our liberties as well
! ti>, hve^., debasing pan of our fellow-creatuies below men,
and conupting the virtue and moials of the rest."
Mr. Chairman, if any Georgian to-day should
stand over the graves of the men who placed this
sentiment upon record, and repeat it as his own
earnest conviction, he would be driven by the De-
mocracy from his house and his hearthstone as a
traitor to his party, or lynchcd as a felon and an
outlaw.
George Washington was President of the con-
vention which framed the Constitution, and he
was surrounded by men who were Acsh from the
councils and contests of the revolutionary strug-
gle; they had drunk in the spirit of the contest,
and they came together, as they expressed it,
"to secure to themselves and their children the
blessings of liberty," while they spared no occa-
sion to denounce the evil, the wrong, and the
curse of human bondage.
Washington said "his vote never would be
wanting for the passage of a law to abolish sla-
very." He writes to John F. Mercer:
a [ never mean, unless some particular circumstances
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase, it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in this country may be abolisned
by law."
Mr. Jefferson declared, in 1774:
" The abolition of domestic slavery is the greatest object
of desire in these colonies, where it was uuhappiiy intro-
duced in their infant state."
And at a later period of his life, as the result of
more mature experience, he says:
" Nothing is more certainly wutten in the book of fate
than that these people [the negroes] are to be free; nor is it
less certain that the two laees, equally fiee, cannot live in
the same Government. Nature, habit, opinion, have drawn
Indelible lines of distinction between them. It is still m
our power to direct the process of emancipation and deport-
ation, and in t-ueff slow degree as that the evil will wear
off insensibly, and their place be, pari passu, filled up by
free white laborers. If, on the contrary, it is left to force
itself on, human nature must shudder at tlie prospect held
up."
Patrick Henry adds his testimony, in a letter
dated January 18, 1793:
" I believe a time will come when an opportunity will be
offered to abolish this lamentable evil. Everything we.can
do is to improve it, if it happens in our day; if not, let us
transmit to our descendants, together with our slaves, a
pity for their unhappy lot, and an abhorrence for slavery.
If we cannot reduce tikis wished-for reformation to prac-
tice, let us treat the unhappy victims with lenity. It is the
furthest advance we can make toward justice. It is a
debt we owe to the purity df our religion, to show that itis
at variance with that law which wai runts slavery."
And another eloquent and eccentric son of the
Old Dominion (John Randolph) says:
" I give to my slaves their freedom, to which my con-
science tells me they are justly entitled. It has alongtime
been a matter of the deepest regret to me, that the circum-
stances under which I inherited tliem, and the obstacles
thrown in the way by the laws of the land, have prevented
my emancipating them in my lifetime, which it w my lull
intention to do in case f can accomplish it."
And now, where would these men of the olden
time stand, if they were once more in the land
they loved, and for which they labored ? What
fellowship would our modern Democracy hold
with Thomas Jefferson ? Where is the Democrat
who dare announce as his political creed the sen-
timents of a Washington? Who in the ranks of
that organization dare repeat the old republican
doctri nes of a Madison, a Hen ry, and a Ran dol ph ?
What Democratic convention will enunciate in its
platform the great truths that our fathers blazoned
forth in the Declaration of Independence?
Mr. Chairman, none dare do it, except at the
sacrifice of his party standing. The man who
stands up and avows his belief and concurrence in
the blood-baptized doctrines of our fathers, will
very speedily find himself outside of this Demo-
cratic organization. Thatparty spurns the teach-
ings of sages and statesmen, as heresies and ab-
stractions, and calls the Declaration of Independ-
ence " a string of glittering generahties. " New
lights guide their footsteps; new counsels govern
their votes.
I have quoted the Democratic doctrine as ex-
pounded by Virginians of the old school. Now,
by way of contrast, let me quote the doctrine of
modern Virginia Democracy. On the 13th of
January last, a gentleman [Mr. Smitii] who once
filled the executive chair in the Old Dominion,
and who is now, as for years past, an influential
Democrat, on this floor was asked whether he
repudiated the sentiments of the revolutionary
fathers on the subject of African slavery. His
reply was:
"I will say, however, in the outset, tfiat the gentleman
refers to the sentiments of distinguished revolutionary men,
and asks me if I repudiate them. Sir, many of those senti-
ments, of course, 11 cpudiatc. [Derisive laughter A rom the
Republicans.] Many of those sentiments are jalsc inphilos- *
ophy and unsound in fact "
Another Virginian, at the other end of the Cap-
itol, [Senator Mason,] admitted a few days ago,
that a new standard of Democracy had beep erect-
ed; and he states the conclusions to which the
new faith brings its disciples:
" What I meant to say the other dav. and what I think I
did say, was this: that because the agitation by one por-
tion of this Union on the question of the abolition of slavery,
the mind of the South had been brought more deeply and
considerately to pondei upon it; the mind of the South had
been brought by that agitation to lookiuitber into the con-
dition of slaveiy, and into the conscquence* that resulted
from it; and I was satisfied that the mind of the South had
undergone a change to this great extent: that it was now
almost the universal belief in the South, not only that tho
condition of African bondage m their midst was the best
condition to which the African race had ever been sub-
jected, but that it had the effect of ennobling both races, the
white and the black."
And another Virginian on this floor {Mr. Prt-
or] avows that the anti-slavery impulses of his
State have been stifled, and,that the " traditional
ideas " of his ancestors havebeen "contravened/'
with the fact, to use his own language:
u Discovered and demonstrated that negro slavery, in-
stead of being an accidental evil, winch men tolerate inere-
Iv for want of a practical remedy, is an institution winch
exists m virtue of the most essential human interests, and
tho highest sanctions of the moral law."
I might multiply quotations and extracts of un-
doubted Democratic authority, to^show that the
position of the Democracy is a living denial of
the great truths find principles which underlie, the
