852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
"CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting' a statement of the expenditures from the
appropriation for the contingent expenses of the
Department during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1859; which was laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES Of MILITARY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, show-
ing the expenditures from the appropriation for
the contingent expenses of the military establish-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL ARMORIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement exhibiting the expenses of the
national armories, and the arms and appendages
made thereat, during the year 1859; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
THE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a return ofthe militiaof the United States,
and of their arms, accouterments, and ammuni-
tion, for the year 1859; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. POTTER presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in relation
to certain Indian tribes in that State; and also the
memorial of certain Indians; which were referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
The Committee on Printing are authorized to re-
port at any time, and I am instructed unanimously
by that committee to report the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk; and upon it I shall
demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Thru the select committee on printing, engrav-
ing, and binding, in the several Departments of tile Govern-
ment, be authorized to employ a clerk, at four dollars per
day, during the time of such employment.
Mr. GROW. I presume, sir, that there can be
no objection to the adoption of that resolution.
I therefore call for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is no objection to
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask
that the House will allow me to report back cer-
tain papers which were wrongly referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, in
order that they may be referred to their appropri-
ate committees.
There was no abjection.
Mr. COLFAX. I report back, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, a me-
morial praying for a donation orthnd to the cities,
towns, and villages of Utah; which I move bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. COLFAX. I also report back, from the
same committee, a petition ofthe Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Utah, to enable citi-
zens of that Territory to elect their own officers;
and move that it be referred to the Committee on
Territories.
It was ordered accordingly.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr, SMITH, of North Carolina, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make a per-
sonal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I ask the
indulgence of the House to enable me, by a brief
statement, to correct certain erroneous and unjust
impressions which exist in the public mind, and
more especially in my own district, growing out
of the recent?contest for the Speakership, and in-
cidents connected with it. The proposed correc-
tion is due to myself and others who, when my
name was presented for that office, gave me a
ready, warm, and" earnest support.
It has been represented, ana, where correct and
fall sources of information are not accessible and
thefacts not Ijnown,believed, thatl madeorauthor-
ized the declaration, not only that I had never been
connected with the American organization, and did
notconcur in any ofthe proscriptive features of its
party creed, but had denounced and repudiated
the party and its principles.
That over-strong statements as to my relations
with the American party were made in the prog-
ress of the exciting ballot of Friday by various
gentlemen, who, when about to transfer their votes
to me, assigned reasons for the change, I shall not
undertake to deny. But, as there was much con-
fusion, and no little difficulty of hearing in the
Hall, I did not at that time fully apprehend their
extent and import, as tiiey afterwards appeared
in the public prints, orasense of duty would have
constrained me to make the correction when they
were uttered, without regard to prudential con-
siderations or the suggestions of friends.
When the debate was afterwards published, and
1 saw the false and injurious position in which,
uncorrected, they would place me—of being sub-
jected to suspicion, if not imputation, of seeking
an office of such high-character through miscon-
ceptions which, if not originating with me, would
be countenanced by my silence—-'I determined to
occupy no such equivocal position before the
House and the country; arid, before another bal-
lot could be had, to make a distinct avowal of my
party relations upon this floor.
With this purpose I prepared a statement which,
with some slight modifications not affecting its sub-
stance, I now hold in my hand; and entered this
Hall on Monday intending to submit it to the con-
sideration of the House, unless relieved of the em-
barrassments in which the former proceedings
here had loft mc. I will read it:
"My attention has been directed to the remarks
ofhonorable gentlemen—members of this House—
as reported in the public papers, and made during
the progress of the ballot for Speaker on Friday
last, which require, at the earliest moment, expla-
nation at my hands. The remarks to which I
refer are predicated mainly upon a brief, hurried,
and interrupted conversation that took place at my
seat just before, between the honorable member
from Ohio [Mr.- Pendleton] and myself.
" The statement made on the floor by the hon-
orable member himself, while not professing to
give the details of what passed, is substantially
correct as to its result, inasmuch as I made known
to him the grounds I had taken in my canvass in
1857; and there was nothing whatever proscriptive
in them. It is true that, when interrogated, I said
to him that I had never been a member of the
American organization; but had been, and still
was, a Whig, and as such had been elected upon
broad, conservative, national grounds. But I did
not say, nor mean to be understood as saying,
that I had denounced the American party, ur re-
pudiated its principles. So far as its views were
proscriptive, they did not meet my approval.
" Among those who have been in connection
with that organization, I recognize true and patri-
otic men, to whose hearty and earnest cooperation
with other friends I owe the honor of having a
seat upon this floor. I said to my friend, I could
not be placed in antagonism to these gentlemen.
" This explanation would have been made at
the time, had the full import of the remarks, as
afterwards published, been, at the time, properly
understood. The misapprehension of my mean-
ing indicated by the remarks referred to, were the
very natural result of a brief and broken conver-
sation, carried on m the midst of the high excite-
ment and confusion that then prevailed in the
House.
'Let me add another word. While I have never
felt or expressed a wish to be elevated to the re-
sponsible and distinguished office of presiding
over the deliberations of the Representatives of
the people, grateful as such promotion must be to
the just and honorable pride, of anyman,I should
scorn to seek it through any misconceptions which
I may myself have occasioned, or have it in my
power to remove.
" If placed in that elevated position by the ac-
tion of this House, it must be with full knowledge
of t|he fact that I maintain the conservative and
nationalprinciples of thatgreat party whose leader
was the sage of Ashland, our pride and our boast;
and I shall assume the chair untrammeled and un-
pledged, save by a sincere and sacred regard for
the Constitution of my country, and for the just
rights secured by it to each and every part of our
Confederacy."
When, however, the Globe made its appear-
ance,andlread thecorrected andauthentic record,
which was to go out'to the country, differing as
it does from the previous reports which I had
seen, and when the honorable member from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Hindman] very promptly, and in
a few words, corrected the published remarks
which had fallen from him in the heated contest
of Friday, thereby exonerating me from the charge
of an indiscriminate denunciation and repudiation
of the American party and its principles, I deemed
no further explanation required from me, and that
no just ground had been left for improper and in-
jurious charges affecting myself.
In this connection I desire to call the attention
of the House to the remarks of the honorable
member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,]
followed by those of the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton.] On that occasion
the following language was used by them:
" Mr. Montgomery. And now, I desire to fay a word
in relation to the position of the gentleman presented as a
candidate for the Speakership of this body. Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina, belongs to none of the organized paiuea
in this House. He belongs to the lemnant left of that glo-
rious old party, at the head of which stood in years gone
by a Clay and a Webster; lie is an old-line Whig, who re-
mains true to the principles and policy of that ancient and
honorable party, and as such I can vote for him. If he
were an Amencan, or if ho advocated their punciples, t
could not and would not vote for lum. 1 have said in thi«
House, heretofore, and I repeat it now, that I never have
cast, and never will cast a vote for any one who holds that
it is a cause for proscription that a man was born wheie
God made him, or that to worship God according to the
dictates of a man's conscience ia a ciime 01 a disgrace. I
despite such narrow-hearted policy, and detest such bigotry
and proscription.
" 13ut, sir, I have saui? that Mt. Smith does* not belong to
the American organization, and never did. lie is a patri-
otic Whig, a fnend of protection to American industry, a
national man, a conservative man, a supporter ofthe Con-
stitution, a fuend ofthe Union, and as such I can give him
my support. Trammeled by none of the embarras&mg ques-
tions of the past, with no objectionable record, a gentleman
of rare intelligence and high social virtues, he will adorn
the Speaker's chair and preside over our deliberations with
fairness and impartiality. He remains a way-mark of the
great party that has passed away—almost a last mu vivor of
a race of giants. In a time like tins, when no paity has a
majority, when no one organization can control an election,
it is pecuiiaily fit to select one who, differing with m all,
owes favoritism to none. Some of my northern Democratic
friends have said that they would unite upon him when
their friends coine to the rescue. I am not going to say
that; I am willing to give no Mich excuse; I will not be a
stumbling-block to others. I act independently, and lioni
pure motives, and F take the responsibility. I intend to
change my vote, and others can do as they please. Foi
these reasons, and prompted by the motives I have hastily
expressed, I now change my vote ftom Mr. Davis to Mi-.
Smith, of North Carolina. [Applause.]
" Mr. Pendleton. Mi. Clerk, 1 representor! this floor a
constituency which is composed ofnative-born and foreigu-
born citizcns. Among them are a large number of Germans
and Irish, of both religions, Catholic and Piotes.iant. They
arc as honorable, as patriotic, as faithful to the Constitu-
tion of their adopted country a* any of thOhO who were
born upon the soil. I owe much to "their confidence and
suppoit heretofore. I would not violate m> own convic-
tions of duty by voting for any man whose political punci-
ples tend to degrade or injure them—whose sympathies aie
opposed to them. But 1 have made inquiries of the gen-
tleman who is presented here as a candidate to-day. I have
gone to the fountain-head for information, and I have
learned that he never was a member of the Know Notmng
j party; that he has never taken any pledges; and that he
j does not sympathize with any of their proscriptive pnnci-
1 pies or doctrine?. Sir, I would not yield any essential
principle; but I would yield much of partisan feeling and
prejudice, to effect an organization of this Hous«e. And
the difficulty with me having now been jemoved, I am
willing to unite with the conservative elements heie for
that purpose.
"I have voted for Mr. John G. Davis. I desire to change
that vote, and to vote for Mr. Smith, of North Carolina.
[Applause.]"
I wish, also, to read those made by the honor-
able member frorft Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who, as ho
states, spoke only upon information derived from
his colleague:
" Mr. Cox. It is well known that I stated to this House
that I never could vote for any gentleman of the Know
Nothing organization. I said I never would vote for either
a Republican or Know Nothing. I never will. I have sat-
