1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
foundation of this Confederacy; but the fact will
not be disputed that it has changed its ground,
and abandoned the path of its fathers, because,
while they deplored the existence of slavery as
an evil, (o be restricted and discouraged, modern
Democracy is compelled to subscribe to a contrary
doctrine; namely, that slavery is an institution to
be fostered and encouraged as a blessing to the
black man as well as the white.
And now, having demonstrated that this party-
is false to the impulses and convictions which
strengthened the faith and nerved the arm of our
fathers, I proceed to show that it is also faithless
to the obligations of that Constitution which was
the crowning glory and result of their toil and
suffering.
The second section of the fourth article of that
instrument declares that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Here is a provision which guaranties to the citi-
zen of Soutn Carolina the same protection, when
in Michigan, which the sovereignty of Michigan
extends to her own citizens; and, on the other
hand, it entitles the traveler from the North to
the " privileges and immunities" which attach to
a southern citizen under the shield of his own
Suite sovereignty. It is a provision essential to
and growing out of the comity and good fellow-
ship which should exist between confederated
States. But how is this obligation regarded and
fulfilled in the different sections of this Union?
Why, citizens of slave States can travel outside of
those States with more safety and less risk than
they can inside of them. The Republicans of the
free North tolerate no institutions which are in-
consistent with the spirit of the Constitution; they
recognize the obligations of that instrument, and
live up to them. But, on the contrary, we have
witnessed in the slave States a striking down of
the constitutional gaurantees of the citizen by
enactments which contravene alike tho letter and
spirit of our common bond. Laws have existed
for forty years in some of the southern States
which forbid the entrance of free citizen, under
penalty of imprisonment and sale—laws which
are a direct, an open, a palpable infringement of
the rights of northern men; and yet our Demo-
crotic Administration, whilst it clamors soloudly
and persistently about the rights of American cit-
izens in Mexico or some other feeble Republic,
whose territory it covets, has not a word to utter
in vindication of the constitutional prerogatives
of the citizen on his own soil.
Every attempt which has been made to test the
constitutionality of these laws has been resisted
by force. The Constitution prescribes an arbiter,
a tribunal, where the citizen may assert his rights
as against the legislation of another State; and
the Legislature of Massachusetts sent two of her
most worthy citizens to Charleston, to test in the
#eourts the validity of these laws. But these men
not only set at defiance the plainest provisions of
the Federal compact, but they refused them the
privilege of bringing suit, ev«n, in a South Caro-
lina court. The men who went there from Mas-
sachusetts, on a peaceful, a legitimate errand, were
compelled, through fear of personal violenqe, to
abandon their mission and leave the State; and the
men who constitute the life, the csscnce, the per-
fection of modern Democracy, boldly avow the
fact that this clause of the Constitution is a dead
letter, and that the decisions of courts are nothing
t® them.
As an evidence of this fact, I call attention to
the language which a Democratic Senator from
South Carolina used during this session, when
commenting upon this incident in the history of
his State. He said:
"The State found it necessary for self-protection to pass
these police regulations, to preventthose persons who were
hostile towards us fiom manifesting their hostility by the
transmission of their emissaries through the pretended
rights of citizens, under the Constitution. Tin; Slate felt it
due to h<%:afclf, to her own safety, to consider, and she was
authorized to consider, that this was but another mode to
bring that question betore the Supreme Court, where we did
not know ho wit would be decided} nor did we care. We knew
the right to pass such laws was inherent 111 the sovereignty
of the State, and we did tiot intend to submit it to any tribu-
nal."
The State of Virginia has enacted a law which
places the coasting vessel which seeks the refuge
of herharborsunder the surveillance of her police,
aad compels the vessel itself to pay the expense
and endure tha delay of an examination. And
when this law is complained of, as unfair, unjust,
and unconstitutional, Senator Mason replies:
" It is a policc law of the State; and' whether tho State
has a right to pass it or not, is a matter which the State will
determine for itself, and by itself."
Nor is the provision which I have quoted the
only portion of o'ur Constitution which this slave
Democracy tramples under foot. We have sacred
guarantees in that instrument in behalf of free
speech, free thought, and a free press, and yetto-
day Democratic postmasters rifle mails and vio-
late the sanctity of private correspondence. To-
day a system of espionage prevails which would
disgrace the despotism and darkness of the middle
ages. The newspaper which refuses to recount
the blessings and sing thepraises of slavery is
committed to the flames. The press that refuses
to vilify the memory of the fathers is taken by a
ruthless mob .and engulfed beneath the waters.
The personal safety of the traveler depends not
on his deeds, but upon his opinions. And these
outrages are daily committed under the rule of
the Democracy, because that party has taken
under its guardian carc an institution which can
only exist and prosper at the sacrifice and expense
of the constitutional rights of the citizen. Where
slavery is there can be no free speech, no free
thought, no free press, no regard for constitutions,
no deference to courts.
And, Mr. Chairman, as a further indication of
utter disregard for constitutional right, look at the
infamous enactment which the Democracy have
placed upon the statute-book, in the shape of a
fugitive slave law. That law not only makes
charity a crimc and hospitality a felony, but it
strikes down the very safeguards of personal lib-
erty. It creates judicial officers in express defi-
ance of the Constitution. It offers them bribes to
decide against the poor and the forsaken. It is a
usurpation of legislation never conceded to the
Federal Government, because the surrender of fu-
gitives from service was an obligation imposed
upon the States. It denies the writ of habeas
corpus and the right of trial by jury—boons which
were wrung from the hands of despotism by the
blood of thousands and the sufferings of centu-
ries. As a citizen of Michigan, I glory in the fact
that my State has, by counter legislation, vindi-
cated the sovereignty of the State, and protected
the personal liberty of the citizen. Whilst the
Democracy degrades itself to the bidding of the
slave power, the Republican party rises to a due
appreciation of its mission, as the conservator of
rightand the defender of constitutionalguarantees.
And, to pass along hastily to the next proposi-
tion, I shall convict this counterfeit Democracy of
disloyalty to the Union of these States by evidence
which no man will attempt to impeach, for it comes
from their own lips. While the Republican party
clings with unswerving fidelity to the Union and
the Constitution, the Democracy is as disloyal to
the one as it is faithless to the other. This Hall
yet echoes with the menaces of disunion which
the accepted leaders of the Democracy thundered
in the ears of their colleagues and constituents.
The word has gone forth that this Government
cannot bea Government of a majority, expressing
its will under the forms and requirements of the
Constitution. We are told that, when this Gov-
ernment is administered in accordance with the
policy of its founders, " to establish justice,"
" promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty," then the parricidal arm of
disunion Democracy will rend it in twain. You
and I, Mr. Chairman, heard the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Crawford] declare:
" Now, in regard to the election of a Black Republican
Picsident, I have this to say, and T speak the sentiment of
every Democrat on tins floor from the State of Georgia; we
will never submit to the mauguiationof a Black Republi-
can President. [Applause fiom the Democratic benches,
and hisses fiom the Xtepublicans.} I repeat it, sir—and I
have authority to say so—that no Democratic Representa-
tive from Georgia on this floor will ever submit to the inau-
guration ot a Black Republican President. fRenewed ap-
plause and hisses.]" * * * * The most con-
fiding of thtfm all, sir, are for' equality in the Union or in-
dependence out of it;' having lost all hope in the formei,
I am for 'isdtpisutsct; now and independence kou-
ever !' "
And we' heard his colleague [Mr. GartreLl]
declare that when a Republican President shall
have been elected—
"The time will have come when the South must and
will take an unmistakable and decided action, and that
then, £ he who dallies is a dastard, and he who doubts is
damned.* I need not tell what I, as a southern man, will
do—I think I may safely speak for the masses of the peo-
ple of Georgia—that when that event happens, they, in my
judgment, will consider it an overt act, a declaration of
war, and meet immediately in convention, to take into con-
sideration the mode and measure of redress. That is my
position; and if that be treason to the'Governmcnt, make
the most of it."
We also heard the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. McRae,] speak for the Democracy of his
State in a similar contingency:
" I said to my constituents, and to the people at the cap-
ital of my State, on my way here, that if such an event did
occur, while it would be their duty to deteimme the course
which the State would pursue, it would be my privilege to
counsel with them as to what I believed to be the proper
course; and I said to them, what I say now, and will al-
ways say in such an event, that my counsel would be to
take independence out of the Union in piefercnce to the
loss of constituti6nal right?, and consequent degradation
and dishonor, in it. That is my position, and it is t? e po-
sition which X know the Democratic party ot the State of
Mississippi will maintain."
And the gentleman [Mr. De Jarnette] who
represents the Democracy of the Richmond dis-
trict, said to us, in reference to William H.
.Seward:
You may elect him President of the Narth, but of the
South never. Whatever the event may be, others may dif-
fer; but Virginia, in view of her ancient renown, in view*
of her illustrious dead, and in view of her sic semper ty~
r&nnis, will resist his authority."
But it is useless to multiply quotations of this
character. I shall give but one more, and that is
important mainly from the fact that it comes to us
from the State of Texas, a State which is hardly
yet warm in the embraces of its sisters; a State
which talks valiantly in one moment about arrest-
ing the wheels of Government, and in the next
moment asks imploringly of that same Govern-
ment for additional protection against the incur-
sions of its border Indians.
Tho oxtractderives additional significance from
the fact that it fell from the lips of a candidate for
Speaker, who received the votes not only of south-
ern but also of northern Democrats. On the 27th
of January last, the member from Texas [Mr.
Hamilton] said:
" Whatever may be said by some to maintain it at all
hazards, 1 believe that a dissolution of the Union is this
day upon us. The Union, sir, is being dissolved now. It
may be in the power of the conservative elements of this
House to arrest it; but that cannot be done by the election
of a Black Republican Speaker. I believe that I represent
as conservative a constituency as any gentleman upon this
floor; a people who are as devoted to the Union ; a people,
sir, who have, I think, manifested that devotion by as much
liberality and unselfishness, by yielding up what no other
State in this Union lias yielded, a separate and independent
nationality, in order to participate in this Confederacy which
we all pmiess so much to love; and yet that same State,
that satire people, are now solemnly resolving that it is
better that the wheels of Government should be arrested
where they aie to-day, and no organization ever effected,
than that the candidate of the Republican party shall be
elected, and placed in the Speaker's chair."
We well recollect, Mr. Chairman, that these
disunion sentiments were uttered here, not only
unrebuked, but that they were welcomed by the
approving nods, the congratulations, the ap-
plause of Democrats, both on this floor and in the
crowded galleries. They have their parallel in
kindred sentiments which are avowed outside of
this Hall by members of the same organization.
They boldly proclaim that if the coming presi-
dential election results as the slave power desires,
then the election is binding upon them and upon
us; but if otherwise, then they will dissolve the
Union and tear the Constitution into fragments.
There may be men so craven in spirit that they
will be deterred from voting their honest convic-
tions by threats, but they are not found in the
Republican ranks. The man who allows a men-
ace to control his suffrage is only fit to be a slave.
You have allies at the North who have sacrificed
much of consistency, much of self-respect, much
of manhood, in submitting to your dictation; and,
perhaps, these mutterings of disunion may com-
pel more concessions, more humiliation from them;
but the Republican party, laughing to scorn such
menaces, and guided by the old landmarks which
the experience of the past has hallowed, will travel
in the old path, illumined as it is by conscience
and by duty. If the popular verdict is against
them, they submit cheerfully in the future as they
have in the past. If the popular verdict is against
you, they entertain no apprehensions but that
you will submit also.
I have but a few moments-left in which to refer
to the position which the Democracy occupy in
relation to the great interests of frde labor in this
land. In the contest between capital and labor,
