1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
isfied myself beyond any possibility of mistake, that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] is opposed to
the prescriptive doctrine.* of the Know Nothing organiza-
tion. I saw my colleague [Mr. Pendleton] in conversa-
tion with that gentleman, and I inquired of him what that
conversation was. He satisfied me, as Mr. Smith satisfied
nirn, that Mr. Smith is not and never had been a member
■>f the Know Nothing order, or in any way connected with
it. As I make this remark, the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mallory,] belonging to the American party, bows
assent to it.
On the «therhand,I find thatgentlcmen on the Repub-
lican side, who, in the first instance, voted for Mr. Smith,
now, on learning the fact that he is not a Know Nothing,
have made that a pretext for withdrawing their votes from
him. They have done this, for the openly avowed reason
that lie is an old-line conservative Whig, without any Know
Nothing taint.
"Under these circumstances,! shall vote for Mr. Smith ;
and foi the additional reason that it will bring about, as I
believe, and as I am informed by the condition of the ballot
now, an organization of this House. In no other contin-
gency would J give my vote to a gentleman not belonging
to my own party. I believe, in doing this, that I am doing
4ustice to the national men who sent me here, and to the
oath I expect to take to support the Constitution. As a
membpr of thu coordinate branch of the Government, upon
which the Constitution itself reposes for its execution, and
which is utterly disorganized, i believe that I will do my
highest duty, if, by my .vote, f can bring about its organiza-
tion by the election of an old-line Whig, who, here in my
presence, a3 I now look at him, disavows the Know Noth-
ing organization. With this view, f am acting, as I under-
stand, with nearly even* Democratic gentleman from the
West. I agree with almost every Democrat on the floor.
[ ask the privilege of changing my vote from Mr. Bococx,
loi whom I have voted persistently all along, to William
N. H. Smith, of North Carolina. [Applause trom the Dem-
ocratic side and fiom the galleries.]
"The position of the Northwestern Democrats is well
known. We went into a caucus of the Democratic party
resolved to stand by its organization and its nominee to the
end. We voted all the time for Mi. Bocock, until his name
was withdrawn in a speech which he made here. We sup-
ported Mr. John G. Davis, of the Northwest, who was,
perhaps, in closer relationship to us than even the gentle-
man fiom Virginia. We have voted also for the distin-
guished gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] Wc
have been all over the House to get a true conservative
man; notwithstanding lie may have differed fiom us in
some particulars of his politics. After seven weeks of ex-
hausting labor, of constant vigilance, of pressing emer-
gency in the country, we have come together now, at thN
uncture, and reached that point when the election of a
Speaker is possible. And I could not answer to my con-
stituents F could not answer to that sot we of duly fiom
winch I always act, unlCfS I came up here now and con-
tributed my part to an organization based upon national j
cons civati\\5 principles.
"I am aware, air, that it has been said here by gentlemen
that southern inea have notthe same opinions on the subject
of slavery that northern and northwestern Democrats have.
I learn, however, that the gentleman who ran against, and
was beaten hv, Mr. Smith of North Carolina, uttered senti-
ments m tavor of a slave code, which iiave no more affili-
ation with my views upon that subject than the views of
some of the gentlemen for whom Demociats have voted. I
have been reluctant to go South to vote for any man who
belonged to the? Know Nothing organization. That was
well known. It was known that no such man could be
elccted. Hence, Mr. Smith is piesented, because he is not
puoh a man. I will vote for him, because he is imbued
with national and Union sentiments; f-o that, when he
take*: that ebasr, he will do his whole duty to the country.
T come from a State which, although Republican, as rep-
resented on this floor, has in its heart—at its capital district,
which i represent—a true Union feeling that the men of
that State will not willingly let die. F pay homage to that
feeling in my present vote.
"Mr. Hill. I wWi to ask the gentleman whether, in his
present action, lie is influenced by recent occurrences here
—the withdrawal of certain votes from Mr. Smith on the
other ?ide of the House, I believe because he is not an
American ? I have not known myself that the American
nam or the Whiff party were paitieulariy in the keeping
oftiiateide of the House at this time. I meielydirectthe
gentleman's attention to thcmattei toknowif that circum-
stance has in any decree influenced h:s vote.
<• Mr. Cox. From what transpired on the Republican side
of the House, t saw gentlemen who voted for Mr. Smith,
of North Carolina, withdraw their votes, putting it upon the
direct and express ground that he wasnota Know Nothing.
That they withdrew their vote*, whether in good faith or
not, \ regarded as confirmatory of the truth stated by the
gentleman fiom North Carolina himself, that he had no
connection whatever with that older. Gentlemen on the
other side have declared that Mr. Smith was not accepta-
ble to them because he was not an American. I sav that
he is acceptable to the national men upon this side of the
Hou^e because he isa memberof the old Whig party. That
party. a< 1 leain from theirplatiorm, ever stood side by side
with the Democratic party upon the great questions con-
nected with the slavery agitation. Thev stood upon the
eompiomtsei- of I&30;compiomises sustained by the Demo-
cratic party; compromises, sir, winch if earned out m the
spiiit in which they were enacted, would bting about that
concord and comity between the States which insomuch
desired in the present detraction of our public counsels." j
I will also read those made by the honorable j
member from Arkansas, [Mr. Hixdmax,] and his i
correction on Monday: j
i;Mi. Clerk, at ever} ballot duung this congest i have ;
voted for a Democrat. F have thought a'l alons?, ni:d still j
behow, that the southern Opposition ought to have brought j
their twenty-three vote* to a man ot our choice, a Demo- i
ciat, instead of asking us to carry our nmety-odd votes to ;
a man of their choice—one of themselves. Ft has been !
unreasonable for them—a small faction, not controlling a
single State m the Union—to demand such a-concession of a
great national party, composed, as ours is, of Representa-
tives from every section.
a But there seems to be a disposition among Democrats
to make the sacrifice. It is believed that votes enough can
be concentrated on the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Smith] to elect him Speaker, and to ead this protracted
struggle. Those good and true men, the Democrats of the
North, who have made so many proofs of devotion to the
Constitution, indicate their willingness to give this farther
evidence of patriotism. I understand that most of them,
if not all, will vote for Mr. Smith, when it appears that
their support will secure his election. But they cannot be
expeeted to do this until the entire South shall have united
upon him. Under these circumstances, I am not disposed
to be an obstacle in the way oi organization. I have here-
tofore said that I would, in the last resort, vote for a south-
ern Oppositionist, m oider to defeat the Black Republican
candidate; and I am now icady to take that responsibility
by changing my vote from Mr. Bocock to Mr. Smith.
" But, before making the change, I state distinctly, that
I vote for Mr. Smith with the cxptcss understanding thathe
has never belonged to or affiliated with the Know Nothing
party, directly or indirectly; and that he has always con-
demned and repudiated its doctrines. I vote tor him with
the understanding that he is an old-line Whig. In voting
for him as such, I have no eulogy to pass on Whigery, ana
no indorsement togive to it. I have never done that; and
shall not be so inconsistent as to do so now. But Whig
ery, as much as I condemn it, is far less objectionable
than Black Republicanism. Between two evils, I shall
choose the least. I vote for Mr. Smith."
**********
" During the taking of the vote,
"Mr. Hindman (when his name was called) said: I see
by the report m the Globe of Friday's proceedings that I
ain represented ai saying:
"£ I vote for Mr. Smith with the express understanding
that lie lias never belonged to or affiliated vvitli the Know
Nothing paity, directly or indircctly; and that he has al-
ways condemned and repudiated its doctrines.'
" I should have said that J was informed that Mr. Smith
did not sympathize with the proscriptive doctrines of that
party."
It will thus be seen, that I am represented as
saying that I have always been, and am still, a
Whig; that I have never been 4 member of the
American organization; and that I did not concur
in or sympathize with any proscriptive features
of its party creed.
This is strictly correct. Some of the measures
of the American party, as I freely stated to my
friend, did command my approval; but there was
nothing proscriptive in them. I could not com-
mit the wrong of denouncing men to whose pa-
triotic and earnest efforts I owed, in no inconsider-
able degree, the honor of being a member of this
body. I regretted very much the harsh language
which was used by some on that occasion, when
speaking of the American party. I attributed
it mostly to the peculiar circumstances in which
gentlemen wore placed, and as a necessary self-
protection against unfounded charges at home.
Still, it was painful to listen to language which
fell so liarsliiy upon the ears, not only of my
friends at home, but of that portion of this House
constituting the southern Opposition, who so
manfully, in spite of it all, stood by me to the
end.
Still, the statements to which I have called the
attention of this House are strictly correct. I
have nothing to add to them; nothing to subtract
from them. It is true, I am a Whig. Istandwliere,
for more than twenty-five years, I have stood,
without faltering, amid the mutations of party
names and party organizations; looking upon the
great interests of the country as illuminated in
the light shed upon them by the master spirits of
the generation of statesmen that is past, and cling-
ing, with filial devotion, to that noble standard
which so long waved over the gallant, patriotic
Whigs of the school of Henry Clay.
In thatgreat party there was, there could be, no
sectionalism. It had no double readings to its
political creed. It was eminently a national party,
knowing no North, South, East, or West, but co-
extensive with the length and breadth of the Con-
federacy. With the alleged disintegration of its
organized existence, the principles committed to
its keeping have not perished. They still live,
and are cherished in the affections of the great
mass of our people. The American heart yet
throbs with deeper energy of pulsation, when that
name is pronounced which so often led its em-
battled hosts to action. The eminent nationality
of purpose and principle which the favorite son
of Kentucky breathed into that party, giving to
it its vital energy, is still looked to to guide us
safely through surrounding perils.
I liuve an abiding faith in the permanency of
free institutions—in the continuance of our na-
tionality. I hope to see the ultimate triumph of
the conservative sentiment which found,its just
expression in Henry Ciay, and in his public life.
I hope to see that vast sectional organization,
held together by the single cohesion of hostility
to the institutions of nearly one half of bur con-
federated States, now brooding over the almost
entire North, and smothering the "generous and
patriotic aspirations that struggle to break from
the pressure; an organization which,in producing
a natural and necessary antagonism in the South,
has almost rentus in twain, and arrayed section
against section in fierce conflict, threatening, in
its further aggressive progress, the overthrow of
our political institutions—I hope to see this or-
ganization, in all its pride of strength, crumbling
and wasting before the consuming fires of popu-
lar wrath, as winter snows dissolve and disappear
under the returning heat of spring. I hope to
witness the union of true and just men every-
where in resolute resistance to the sectional spirit
which animates and directs its movements.
When, laying aside the bitter party feuds and
fierce contentions which now most unnaturally
distract and divide a people, one in the glorious
memories of its past, ana one, it should be, in its
high irrepressible aspirations for the future, the
popular mind shall return to the basis of com-
promise which men of all parties assisted in form-
ing in 1850; which both national conventions of
1852 approved, and adopted as the ground of a
lasting peace; which constitutes the crowning
glory of that pure, peaceful, just, and honorable
administration, which, in the midst of a profound
peace, closed with the retirement of Millard Pill-
more from the public service; when, again, the
conservative elements, attracted by a true devo-
tion and love of country, shall return to this com-
promise, then, sir, may we hope for a restoration
of that harmony and good will which were its
first beneficent fruits; then will pass away the
dark clouds gathering upon our horizon, and por-
tentous of disaster and danger; then may our
proud old ship, which has buffeted the surges of
many storms, and yet rejoices in her compact^un-
broken strength and beauty, leave the moorings
to which the outer tempest had driven her for
shelter from its violence, and spread her sails to
favoring breezes as she^starts upon her voyage
over the wide ocean of national life.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now an-
nounce that the regular business, first in order this
morning, is the execution of the orderof the House
for the election of a Printer for this Congress.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, obtained the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON. I wish to make a brief
personal explanation.
Several Members objected.
Mr. ASH MORE. 1 hope that the gentleman
from Ohio will be heard, because he has been par-
ticularly referred to by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. If the House con-
sents, I will yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. PENDLETON. If I had been recognized
by the Speaker, I intended to ask the indulgence
of the House for one moment, in reply to the re-
marks of my friend from North Carolina.
Mr. SPINNER. I object to any more per-
sonal explanations in reference to the late contest
in this House for Speaker.
Mr. PENDLETON. I suppose, sir, that I have
a right to make a personal explanation. In the
remarks which I submitted to the House befove
it organized, and which have been referred to this
morning, I want to say now, that I reproduced,
with entire accuracy, though not circumstantially,
the conversation I had with the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Smith] upon the day upon
which he was supported for Speaker. I understand
that he is now, as he was then, entirely satisfied
with the representation I made of his position and
of his political principles. In order, sir, that there
may beno misunderstanding on this point, I would
like the gentleman—and I put the question to him
with all politeness—to say to the House, distinctly
and in one word, whether I understood him cor-
rectly or not ?
Mr. SMITH, of North Carolina. I will say
to the gentleman from Ohio that my statement
already made is, that while the gentleman did not
state the details of our cdnversatian, yet his state-
ment of its result was correct.
Mr. ALLEN. Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish, m
this connection, to make a single remark.
