THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
TiiiETr-Sixrn Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 1860.
New Series Jfo. 177-.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my friend from Maine
can sec no distinction between putting a little
marble block on the corner of a building that lias
cost $6,000,000 to finish it, and appropriating
$2,000,000 to finish a building that is not half
done, I think I shall not argue with him in regard
to the propriety of this appropriation. I have not
assumed to know all the duties of all the commit-
tees. I admit myself to be uninformed in regard
to these contracts; and when I called for the in-
formation, it seems that the Senate was notso ready
to inform me, lior the Senator from Maine, as to
what the cost of this building would be. I think
we are quite in the dark in regard to it. It is very
easy for Senators to get up here and assume that
contracts have been made, and that we shall have
to complete the work, and that the cheapest way
to get out of it is to go on and finish the work.
Does the Senator from Maine know how much
any man is making by his contract for furnishing
granite ? Suppose he has agreed to furnish gran-
ite to the value of half a million dollars, will his
profits on it be half a million ? It is not at all
likely that his profits will be twenty-five per cent,
of the actual cost, probably not more than ten per
cent.; and then, because they have agreed to do
two millions of work, (if it were true,) does it fol-
io w that we have to pay two millions of damages ?
Is that your rule of damages? Does anybody
believe that these contractors cannot be settled
with and saved from ruin with a tenth part of the
money that you will appropriate to finish these
buildings?
A part of this appropriation, I see, is to go to a
massive dome on the top of one of these palaces
built for custom-house officers, and they are com-
pared with the building in which we sit, the Cap-
itol of a great nation, and which has cost, the
whole of it I beiieve, butaboutsix million dollars.
I recollect to have seen a report of the expense of
this building from the beginning, and I think it is
but little over six million dollars; and here you
are proposing to expend $4,000,00!) to build a
custom-house at one of the cities of the Union,
and that, too, at a city where no considerable
amount of your public revenue is collected.
Sir, if the Senate is disposed to do this, bo
it so. I do not wish to take up time in regard to
it. I have called attention to_it, and have pointed
out such facts as are found in the report oil the
finances to the Senate, and I am willing that the
vote shall be taken, only asking that we may have
the yeas and nays upon this appropriation as an
amendment to this bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the
Committee on Finance why this great disparity
has been made m these two buildings. During
the past winter I had some conversation with the
Committee on Public Buildings about keeping
these moil at work, and wrote a note to the oni-
cer to know what his estimate was, having for-
gotten it, and the letter which has been read from
the table was the result of that inquiry. One of
these parties formerly belonged to Rhode Island,
and he asked me to interest myself a little, for
they had a great deal of this work on hand; but
there was no money. These public buildings
may be carried on upon an extravagant scale. 1
have no doubt they were made upon a much
larger scale than they would have ocen it we had
no? been ilush of money when they were com-
menced i and I am not here justifying any of these
lar«-e outlays. I do not belivc it is in good taste,
any nioie than good policy, to make very large
expenditures of that sort; but when youhave ex-
pended half enough to complete such a structure
as the Charleston custom-iiouse is said to be, i
think it would be the worst sort of economy to
spoil the whole of it by making it one story less
in height than it was originally designed to be.
It would then be a miserable deformity instead of
an elegant structure. •
I am told—1 do not know anything about
that—that the marble pillars and the other things
for which this outlay is being made, are for the
inside part of the work. They are beautifully
finished. I believe there may be a large econ-
177
omy made by refusing to put a dome on; perhaps
we might finish the structure without a dome;
but in relation to the quarter of a million to finish
this building inside, I cannot see the economy of
expending so little this year on that and so much
more on the other. Still, if the committee have
looked into it, I presume that is all right. I was
told by these contractors that they had about one
hundred thousand dollars' worth of pillars and
marble work for the inside ready to ship. That
would take about all this money; and I think the
work ought to be paid for as it goes on. This is
fine work, very elegantly carved, and it seems to
me it ought not to be left about in an open build-
ing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state that there is an
unexpended balance now applicable to this work,
and with this appropriation there will be enough
to be expended during the fiscal year.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I understand the amend-
ment aright, it is to pay the men for marble al-
ready tlehvored.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not entirely. More has been
delivered than has been paid for. The Depart-
ment, on account of Congress not appropriating
at an earlier day, stopped the delivery of as much
as it was thought necessary to deliver. "We
thought proper to appropriate for as much as
could be properly used during the coming year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall follow what the com-
mittee thinks best; but as to passing any propo-
sition to destroy and to waste these edifices, I
have no idea of doing it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Illinois to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If Senators will let it be
reconsidered informally, I shall ask for the yeas
and nays on adopting it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and >,
the question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL called forthe yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 desire to say a word
before the vote is taken. As this proposition has
been attacked so strongly by my friend from Illi-
nois, and 1 was a member of the Finance Com-
mittee and agreed to these appropriations, 1 wish
to explain the ground on which I did so. The
general ground for this and similar appropriations
has been explained by the Senator from Georgia.
Everybody must believe that the expenditure for
the custom-house at Charleston is excessively
outrageous. How it ever came to be agreed to,
in the first place, by anybody, I cannot imagine.
Now, I think it is the duty of the Government to
see whether some change cannot be made in the
building that will save a good deal of money.
The Senator from Illinois read from a report in
which it is said, that if completed on the original
plan, with us very large and expensive dome, it
will cost s2,000,000 more. It is very probable,
however, that a dome of a different description
may be substituted, as has been done in the case
of the New Oilcans custom-house, at a great sav-
in<>- of money. Probably it will be cheaper to pay
damages, in relation to that part of the contract,
than to o-oonand complete the work in that way.
At any rate, we ought to know something more
about it. It is manifest that much more money
will have to be appropriated to finish it; and for
the reason that there was so much doubt about it,
the Finance Committee strictly confined them-
selves within what they knew must be only a por-
tion of what would be expended, even on the most
economical plan which can ever be adopted, in
order to prepare it for the uses for which it was
designed; and thoy propose to appropriate only
6150,000, out of which §15,000 is to be paid foi
debts already due-for marble de ivered and not
Daid for It is a small sum and will be needed, and
more will be needed There will be ample room
after that for the consideration ot the question ol
how much can be saved. In the mean time, we
must go on with the work, because the. Govern-
ment is losing, with every day on these buildings
as long as they continue in their present state,"
unfinished, open to the weather, the fine work-
exposed in that way. We are getting behind-
hand, and losing thousands of thousands of dol-
lars from our want of progress in making the
necessary appropriations for continuing the work ;
as it must be continued even to have the building
finished on the most economical plan that can be
adopted. The sum is a very small one.
So in regard to the New Orleans custom-house;
the recommendation of the Department was to ap-
propriate $600,000, if I recollect, aright, and we
took only half of it. It has been correctly stated
by the Senator from Louisiana that the building;
is a nuisance in its present shape; it is suffering
from exposure; and we are losing vast sums of
money from our negligence and carelessness in
managing this business. So it is with theTreas-
ury extension; we have appropriated only half
what is called for. There is $160,000 due to-day
under a contract to these contractors, who have
delivered the material here on the spot; and the
granite being delivered and piled up, it mus.t be
used. We have to finish these buildings for the
purposes of the Government, especially the Treas-
ury extension. In the Treasury extension, the
water works, and the public buildings generally,
thousands and thousands of dollars arc being sunk
every year ill consequence of our remissness in
making the appropriations.
Now, sir, 1 have no idea of crowding off upon
coming generations what belongs to this. The
United States of America can pay for the public
buildings that are necessary for its purposes. We
shall waste money in diverse directions, but when
wc have made contracts with individuals on plans
definitely fixed, and have got half through, or
more than half through, it is the most miserable
childishness in the world to fold our arms and
say: "we have wasted money, and therefore we
will throw into the sea all that wo have spent
well." The idea is an absurd one. Wemustdo,
in relation to these matters, as an individual does.
If he has made a contract which is an expensive
and extravagant one, he does not throw away
what lie has received in the way of benefit from
it; but, if he has the means, he finishes it as soon
as possible, in order to save further-loss. That
is the common rule of individuals. Now, sir,
standing here as a Senator, I am bound to act by
this Government, in its business, precisely as for
myself I would act in my own case. I am not
responsible for mistakes; none of us are respons-
ible for mistakes; but if we stand here and suf-
fer Ihese public buildingc to deteriorate and decay,
and the money to be wasted, and individuals to
be ruined, under contracts that we have made with
them and are bound to carry out, simply because
we want to shift off upon somebody else what be-
longs to us to-day, we do wrong morally; wrong-
ill every sense of the word. Wc are able to finish
these buildings, and we must go forward and
a°Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the committee, by adding:
Arid the Secretary Of the Treasury .is diiecteil to report
to Confess, in his next annual report on the finances, the
amount ot' t'urtlici appropriations that may be requued to
finish, respectively, tiii> custom-house and the one at i\ew
Orleans, and the tunc necessaiy to complete the same.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not see any objection to
'hat. ,,
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to add to
that:
<Vnd that lie also report whether any changes can be
made by which tiie amountof expenditure can be reduced,
consistently with a pioper fmislimg of the buildings.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that, and
i will accept that modification.
Mr. PUGH. 1 only wish to say that I shall
not object to the amendment to the amendment—
I suppose that is all right and proper; but whilst
I was at Charleston I looked at this building, and
it is an utter loss of money to us to leave it in its
present condition. We must go forward. Idoubt
