854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Mr. BURNETT. I object to this personal ex-
planation being protracted indefinitely; and I call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I presume, sir, that
the gentleman from Ohio has the right to make a
personal explanation—at least such a courtesy is
rarely denied to gentlemen upon this floor.
Mr. BARR. If I have the right, I most cer-
tainly do object.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being insisted upon, the question before the
House is the election of a Printer for the House.
Pending this question, objection being made, de-
bate is not in order.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to make a personal expla-
nation. I will propound one or two questions to
the gentlemap from North Carolina, and I prom-
ise that 1 will consume only a few moments of
the time of the House.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. BURNETT. And I insist upon my ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. Then debate is not in or-
der.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I am entitled to the
floor, and I have only yielded to tha gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] who has finished
what he had to say.
Mr. ALLEN. I want to put a question to the
gentleman from North Carolina which concerns
me personally.
Mr. BARR. I object.
Mr. ALLEN. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. BARR. I hold that a personal explana-
tion is not a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will state his privileged question.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman cannot rise
to a privileged question while the gentleman from
Illinois is occupying the floor.
Mr. ALLEN. My only object is to put a sin-
gle question' to thcgentlemon from North Caro-
lina, in reference to a conversation which took
place between him and myself, during the time ho
was before the House as a candidate for Speaker.
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER.'.. Debate is out of order, and
objection being made, the House must proceed to
the execution of the special order, which is the
election of a Printer for the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I demand, then, that
gentlemen outof order shall preserve the order of
the House, and that the Speaker shall not allow
gentlemen to proceed in debate in violation of the
rules of the Ilouse.
Mr. ALLEN. I deem that it is my duty to
put a question to the gentleman from North Car-
olina.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, and he must resume his seat. Nothing is
in order now except the execution of the special
order of the House.
Mr. ALLEN. But, Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question; and I ask that it shall be de-
cided whether or not I am entitled to the floor on
that question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And I rise
to a privileged question.
1 he SPliAKER. At no time can two privileged
questions be made at the same time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have the floor,
and my colleague has not the right to take it from
me even by a privileged question.
Mr. ALLEN. Do I understand the Chair to
to say that I have not the right to rise to a priv-
ileged (question?
fhebPEAKER. A personal explanation does
not appear to the Chair to be a privileged ques-
tion; and the gentleman, therefore, can only be
indulged in the remarks ho asks to make by unan-
imous consent of the House. The -egular order
of business is callcd for, and that of itself is an
objection to debate.
Mr. ALLEN. My colleague, in the remarks
he made this morning, alluded to a conversation
that took place between him and the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] while the lat-
ter was a prominent candidate for the Speaker-
ship. X had a conversation with the gentleman
from North Carolina on the same day, and 
Mr. BURNETT. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
Mr. ALLEN. I will simply state the sub-
stance of that conversation. [Cries of "Order!"
from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr; CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ohio,
speaking in defiance of the decision of the Speaker,
and of the cries to order of the House, I ask that
the Speaker designate him by name, and insist
upon his taking his seat.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I think the Sergeant-
at-Arms had better be called to enforce the rules
of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House will now proceed
with the regular order of business.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve that on Saturday Inst I was recognized by
you, before theregularorderofbusinesswascalled
for, as being entitled to the floor; and in this
connection I desire to state, in addition, that I was
entitled to the floor upon Friday, at the adjourn-
ment of the House. While I was then proceed-
ing to present to the House the business for which
I rose, and while I was upon the floor, a motion
to adjourn was made, clearly out of order, and it
was declared carried, and the House adjourned.
I desire now to proceed with the business which I
then wished the House to consider. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report back
from the Committee on Roads and Canals a joint
resolution, introduced and referred to that Com-
mittee by the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Rust.]
Mr. SPAULDING. I rise to a question of or-
der—that is not the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. 1 he gentleman from Illinois
will state distinctly for what purpose he rises.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. To report back
from the Committee on Roads and Canals a joint
resolution.
Mr. RUST. It is a joint resolution in reference
to the improvement of the Red river raft.
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees are
not now in order, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. RUST. This is a matter which I think
will give rise to no objection or debate; and I
therefore ask that it be at once considered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Ireportback,then,
from the Committee on Roads and Canals a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 7) giving the assent of Con-
gress to certain acts passed by the Legislatures of
the States of Louisiana and Arkansas in relation
to the Red river raft, &c.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution having
been read a first and second time, it will now be
read a third time.
Mr. REAGAN. Let the resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution in cxtenso. It
gives the assent of Congress to the acts of the
Legislature of the State of Louisiana approved
March 18, 1858, to incorporate the Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas Navigation Company, and
the act of the Legislature of the State of Arkansas
approved January 20, 1859, entitled "An act ap-
proving an act of the General Assembly of the
State of Louisiana incorporating the Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Texas Navigation Company;"
each of said acts having for their true intent and
meaning the improvement of the navigation of Red
river, by the removal of the raft therefrom; and
it further gives assent that, after and so soon as
the said Louisiana, Arkansas, and Texas Naviga-
tion Company shall have removed the obstructions
to navigation m Red river caused by (he raft, and
have rendered the same navigable, and not before,
the saidStates ofLouisiana, Arkansas,and Texas
may, through the said company, under and in
accordance with and in the mode'provided by the
said charter for the benefit of said company, and
to reimburse to it its expenditures in removing
said raft, levy and collect, by way of commuta"
ti°n for duties on tonnage, tolls upon all boats or
other water craft ascending or descending said
liver, and passing through the portion thereof that
shall so have been improved and rendered navi-
gable, not to exceed the following sums: that is
to say, fifty cents on and for each bale of cotton,
and twenty-five cents on and for each barrel of
goods, wares, and merchandise wherewith such U
boats or craft may be laden; and that this privi-
lege continue until the expiration of thirty years
from the 18th of March, 1858.
Messrs. LOYEJOY,SPAULDING,and KIL-
LINGER, objected.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It is too late to ob-
ject, for the resolution has been reported, and is
now before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "What direc-
tion does the gentleman desire the resolution shall
take ?
Mr. RUST. We want it put upon its passage.
It has received the unanimous approval of the
Senate.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I insist upon my objection.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is too late to object.
Mr. RUST. The report has been made by
unanimous consent; and objection cannot be now
received from that quarter.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Objection does not come too
late. The resolution has just been read for inform-
ation.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. It was not read for
information. I asked leave of the House to report
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asked the House
if there was any objection to the report being
made, and no objection was made.
Mr. SPAULDING. I objected to the resolu-
tion before it was read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and there, if it is not objected to, it
can be taken up and passed.
Mr. RUST. I wish to state to this House my
anxiety in reference to this resolution. The citi-
zens of only two States of the Union are inter-
ested in this matter. A similar resolution passed
the Senate last Congress by unanimous consent.
There are only a few months in the year in which
laborers can be employed in the removal of those
obstructions. Three months from this time it will
be so sickly that no human being can live there;
and therefore it is desirable that the resolution
should be passed now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire simply to say that
the resolution grants what appears to be a mo-
nopoly, for thirty years. It may be that, upon
examination, there will be no objection to it; but
for the purpose of giving opportunity for that
examination, I moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
have not yielded the floor, and I move the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the resolution.
I do not recognize the right of any member to take
the floor from me while I am occupying it. I in-
sist upon no more than my rights in this House;
but to those I think myself entitled, and shall in-
sist upon them. The resolution was twice read,
and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, and they unanimously instructed me to
report it back to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass. I this morning asked the
unanimous consent of the House to make the re-
port. That consent was given; and the resolu-
tion was being read by its title only, when the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Reagan] and others
asked that it might be read at length, that they
might more fully understand it. If was so read;
and hence all motions in reference to committing
the bill are out of order, for I have moved the
previous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw his call for the previous
question, inasmuch as the resolution affects the
interests of the State which I have the liquor to
represent.
Tiie SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say,
that he lias decided the resolution to be in order
and before the House. The demand for the pre-
vious question having been made, the question is
upon seconding that demand.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his demand.
Mr. SPAULDING.- I move to refer the reso-
lution to the Committee of the Whole on the Mats
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
pending the demand for the previous question
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let us, then, vote down ihc
previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to
accommodate my friend from Texas, but the  en-
tlcman from Arkansas [Mr. Rust] desires to knie
for home to-day, and wishes tins resolution dis-
