1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state the reasons of the
committee for this amendment. Aportion of it is
for lighting; Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth
streets across the Mall. These streets are under
the control of theGovernment. Ithaslampsthcre,
and there is nobody else to light them. These
streets go through the public grounds between
Pennsylvania avenue and the river, through the
public Mall where the Smithsonian Institution and
grounds are. Four-and-a-half street goes down to
the arsenal, and Seventh and Twelfth streets go
down to the river through the Mall. These streets,
so far as they run through the Mall, are public
property not under the jurisdiction of the city. On
that representation of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, the committee were perfectly satisfied
that it was proper to make this appropriation.
As to the continuation of the avenue through
Georgetown, the Government has its lamps there
now, and the matter is under its entire control.
Thii is rather a small affair, and 1 shall not take
time with it. Unless the Senate makes provision
for turning these lamps over to the city of George-
town, it is proper to make the appropriation.
The Georgetown authorities have no right to light
thera; they have no control of the lamps. The
lamps were put there by the Government at the
public expense. So with the Jamps through the
public grounds. It is only an expense of $4,500.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senatorfrom Maine
will not insist on his opposition to this amend-
ment. it is a very small'matter. It is a mere
continuation of-what has already been done; and
as has been well said by the Senator from Geor-
gia, Bridge street in Georgetown is a part of the
avenue; and this is the only appropriation ill the
bill for Georgetown.
Mr. FESSiENDEN. I am still opposed to it.
I have heard all this argument before; and the
Senator from Georgia will permit me to say that
there is nothing in what he has said. Because
v/e put lamps m these streets, they are no more
under our jurisdiction than that of anybody else.
If we have put up the lamps, and paid for them,
it is as much as we can be called upon to do. I
do not know whether we put up lamps or not on i
these cross streets; but if we have done so, the
only question nowis,who shall pay for the light.
It is a small affair, to be sure, and every Senator
naturally dislikes to make a difficulty about these
little liiatteis; but this is only a beginning. A
short time ago we lighted nothing but Pennsyl-
vania avenue. All this matter of lighting these
streets m Georgetown, and lighting these cross
streets in the city, has grown up since I have been
a member of the Senate. My objection is, that
we ought to confine ourselves to the main avenue.
That avenue we keep m repair, and we do all the
work with regard to it. That benefits the pro-
prietors of property upon the avenue; but I am
willing to light it, because it leads from the Cap-
itol to the President's House, and the offices at the
other end of the city; and I am willing to continue
to light it as we have done before; but to extend
it to cross streets, where v/e have no public build-
ings, where we have no occasion to go at the time
when the lamps are lighted, and being merely for
the benefit of the city, I am opposed to it on prin-
ciple. 1 know the amount is not large; but 1 be-
lieve a principle applies as much to a small thing
as a great one. I do not know what the Senate
will do, and I do not care much about it; but I
think it my duty to make the objection. I think
the appropriation ought to be struck out.
Mr. BROWN. Do 1 understand that there is
a motion to stuke out the appropriation for light-
ing High and Bridge streets, in Georgetown,and
certain streets across the Mull, in tins cifyr
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Air. BROWN. Those of us who are m favor
oflightmg High streetand Bridge street, m George-
town, and the streets across the Mall, will loto
"ay." ["Yes."] I see no reason why, if we
commence doing a work, we should not do it p^i-
fectly and properly. There were reasons, wnich
1 shall not recapitulate now, why this duty ought
to have been done in the beginning; and having
commenced it, 1 really do not see why i\e should
grow weary in well-doing. It was right at tuc
beginning; Congress thought so; and Congress
undertook to do it. "We agreed to bear this ex-
pense; and I think it is right to go on.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is nothing; in that,
if the Senator will allow mo to say so. We have
paid for gas for two or three years, it is true; but
the works are all there; and the only question is,
who shall pay the bill of the gas company ?
Mr. BROWN. So we might object to lighting
up Pennsylvania avenue. The Senator might as
well say, " I do not go on Pennsylvania avenue,
and therefore do -not choose to vote any money
to light it up;" and the same argument might be
applied to any other street; but, sir, the Govern-
ment put these pipes down, and did it on delib-
erate calculation, after full and mature discussion
of the whole subject. I recollect when it occurred.
We thought it was right. These are our gas
lamps; they belong to us; and I am in favor of
the amendmentof the Committee on Finance; but
I shall not discuss the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not want to discuss this
question; but I desire to voteforpartof the amend-
ment, and against the other; and I therefore ask
for a division of the question. I am willing to
insert High street and Bridge street, in George-
town; but I am not willing to vote for the other
part of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maineasks fora division of the amendment
reported by the Finance. Committee; and the ques-
tion will first be taken on so much of the amend-
ment as proposes to light Bridge street and High
street, in Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. I hope no amendment will be
adopted which cuts off, Georgetown. I know of
no reason, founded in sound policy, which does
not entitle Georgetown as much to these little fa-
vors of the Government as Washington. Bridge
street, in Georgetown, is only a continuation of
Pennsylvania avenue. It is on the direct lino of it.
Nothing divides it from the city of Washington
but a little creek called Rock Creek. It is true many
Senators may not board in Georgetown; and it is
equally true that very few of them board beyond the
President's House; and if you are going to estab-
lish a line beyond which you will not extend the
lights, because they are no very greataccommoda-
tion to you, you ought to stop at the President's
House,or certainly at tlieW arOfficeand theNavy
Office; because there the great public interest
stops. You propose to go to the outer limits of
Washington; to go to the creek that divides the
two cities, and there stop. I think this is a penny
policy; a very s.-nall policy. Itcostsyou but little
to give this accommodation to the city of George-
town, which, at best, is but a step-child of the
Government.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator misunderstands
me. I am lor inserting that.
Mr. BROWN. It is in now, and I understood
that the Senator moved to strike it out.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; it is yet to go in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will state the question, as
there seems to be some misapprehension in refer-
ence to it. The Committee on Finance propose
to add these words: " Bridge and High streets,
m Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and
Twelfth streets, across the Mall, $47,000." The
Senator from Maine proposes that the question
be taken on certain portions of this amendment in
the first instance, they being separate proposi-
tions; so that the question now is upon the divis-
ion suggested by the Senator from Maine, so that,
if his proposition be adopted, the provision will
read as follows:
For lighting tile Capitol and President's House, the pub-
he giounds imrioundmg tiiem, and around the Executive
offices. Pennsylvania avenue, Budge and Higli streets, 111
Groigetown, $<47,000.
The question is on agreeing to insert the words
recommended by the committee: "Bridge and
High streets, in Georgetown;'5 leaving theothers
for a subsequent vote.
Mr. BROWN. I confess I did not understand
the proposition. The reasons are quite as strong,
or even stronger, why the remainder of the amend-
ment should stand, including Four-and-a-Half,
Seventh, and Twelfth streets, across the Mall.
These streets have been opened and paved by the
Government. They pass through Government
property. Whether the streets ought ever to have
been opened or not, is altogether a different ques-
tion. I do not think they ought; I thought so at
the tune, and opp"t  d it: but they have been
opened; they are public thoiwahihivs; they pas*
through grounds which belong exclusively to the
Government; Nobody owns one foot'of ground
on either side of the Mall, as everybody knows.
By looking out from the western front of "the Cap-
itol, you perceive the Mall dividing the seutherft*
from the northern portion of the city by a tery
large reservation. The people living on what is
called the island, that portion of the city lying1
between the Mall and the river, must necessarily
pay foe lighting up the grounds through the Mall
through these streets, or they are entirely cut off
from gas. The Government put the pipes there;'
put them thei-e for its own purposes, to light up
its own grounds; and the people beyond that have
been extending the lights for their own benefit.
I can see no reason, sounding in proper policy,
for this amendment. Certainly the Government
of the United States ought to light up its own
grounds, and espe'cially when the grounds are as
large as that great reservation. If the Govern-
ment does not do it, who is to do it? Are the
people living south of the Mall to be forever cut
off from ligiit, or else go to the expense of light-
ing up the streets which cross the great national
reservation? I hope the amendment will not be,
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is oil the first branch ef the amendment, pro-
posing to embrace Bridge and High streets, in
Georgetown.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will make one suggestion
referring to the paper on which my observations
upon this question before were based. These
pipes, both in Georgetown and across the Mall,
belong to the Government. They were put there
by the Government; put there by law; and it is
the duty of the Committee on Finance merely to
l®ok to appropriations provided for by law. I
believe we have not one dollar here that is not
according to existing laws. A great many of
these things I voted against, and I do not wish at
all to be understood as giving my assent to the
principles on which theseappropriationsare based;
but when the Government has gone on and done
this, and put its own pipes there, and provided
for lighting the city, it ought to be regulated by
law; and the Commissioner of Public Buildings
says that if this is not done, provision must be
made altering the law so as to turn the pipes over
to the city or some other party.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The honorable Senator
will excuse me for a moment. It must be a great
mistake to say that theGovernment put the pipes
there. The Government never puts down jras.
pipes; the city never put down gas pipes. _ The
gas companies always put down the pipes in the
sticets.
Mr. TOOMBS. How about the lamps and
posts ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The lamps and posts are
not, but the pipes arc, put down by the gas com-
panies. The idea that if there is a large popula-
tion beyond the Mall, the gas company would not
let the gas run through these pipes already down
to get over there, where they can be paid for gas,
is simply an absurdity.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the question. The
Senator is entirely mistaken. The Commissioner,
of Public Buildings, in his letter suggesting this
appropriation, says that if it should be finally de-
termined not to light these streets, "some pro-
vision ought to be made by law for transferring
the lamps to Washington and Georgetown." The
lamps were put down by the Government, and I
think many of the pipes were laid down by the
Government also. I think the Senator is mis-
taken as to the fact in that matter. 1 think these
pipes were not all laid down by the gas company.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The gas companies al-
ways put down their pipes
jy(r. TOOMBS. I know that is the general rule;
but I think part of these pipes were put down at
the expense of theGovernment, and turned over
to these people wrongfully, but still quite advan-
tageously to them. My recollection is, that after
we had laid down a quantity of gas pipes, at con-
siderable cost, we turned them over to the gas
company. It is certain, however, that the lamps
and posts are the property of the Government.
The Commissioner of Public Buildings would not
be authorized to turn them over to the local au-
thorities without a provision being made by law.
That is the report made to the committee. The
lamps and posts belong to the Government; and
