I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4;3r
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Expenditures—Mr. Duett,
Ho. op Reps.
with its most important tributary north of the
Illinois river, a point certain to bo soon the site
of a large city. Those eight thousand acres wore
worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, and if
duly advertised and put up at auction in lots,
would have probably brought $100 per acre.
This immense pioperty, which was rapidly ad-
vancing in value, was privately sold by the Sec-
tary of War to a single favored purchaser for
$90,000, or eleven dollars an acre. The majority
of the congressional committee appointed to in-
vestigate the matter reported resolves strongly
condemning the whole transaction; and though
the Democratic House of Representatives refused
to pass the resolves thus reported, itaccepted^'he
substitute, which declared that the management
of the sale, by the agents authorized by the Sec-
retary of War to conduct the same, was injudi-
cious, improper, and resulted, by reason of its
want of publicity, in the exclusion of that com-
petition among persons desiring to purchase,
which, under the circumstances, should have been
perrmtu d.
In 1857 the Government wanted a site for a
fort near New York city. A piece of land known
as Willet's Point is situated on Long Island, on
the East river, and was marsh land, subject to
fever and ague, it had been for several years in
the market without finding a purchaser, though
offered for less than fifty thousand dollars. In
July, 1866,it was offered for $45,000 to a wealthy
merchant of Wiliiamsburgh, who refused to take
it at tluit price. At a &ull later period, it was
offered to the Government for $100,000, and of
this oiTer the War Department was duly informed.
On the 13fh of April, 1857, the Secretary of War
addressed to Augusius Schell, collector of the
port ofNew York, a letter, informing him that the
Government desired to purchase Willet's Point,
and asking him to ascertain its value. Mr Schell
took into his confidence m this matter several
other prominent Democratic politicians, Ins inti-
mate associates, among them his brother Richard
Soh( II, Prospei M. Wetrnoie, ,ind Isaac V. Fow-
ler, the postmaster whos<- defalcation has just
come to light. The result was, that on the iMth
day of April, 1857, Mr, Schell and Mr. Fowler,
both being office holders under Mr. Buchanan,
and old residents of Nev York, addressed a joint
letter to the Secretary of War, m which they in- ■
formed him that this property, which shortly ■
before had been offered to the Government for
$100,000, was wot tii y2t)0,000, and recomme nded
its purchase, it was aecoidmgly bousrht by tlie
Government, and paid fur at that price. By this |
swindle the Govtriuuent was plundered to the
amount of $150,000! The House of Represent- j
atives having appointed a committee to mvesti- ^
gate tiiis affair, tlie chairman of the committee, ;
after investigation, declared that the property was j
not worth $50,000, and that there was a fraudu- |
lent combination toextort art unfair, exorbitant,
and most unjust price from the Government m the |
sale of this propeity, and that Augustus Schell, i
by the unwarranted giving of Ins certificate, con-
tributed to and enabled the success of the combi-
nation of the mattei. Notwithstanding these
facts, the Government continued to retain Mr.
Schell as collector and Mi. Fowler as postmaster,
until the latter turned out a defaulter to the tune '
of $155,000, both beiua; recognized leaders of the i
Democratic party, and intrusted with the collec- |
tion of millions of the people's money.
Another source of wasteful expenditure grows
out of the enormous piofits of the public print-
ing. Committees appointed by the Senate and
the House have m uie a thoiough investigation of
this matter, and from ihe.r reports we are told that
the total amount paid for printing and binding '
during the past six yeacs was nearly four mil-
lion dollars, and that the work might have been ;
done for fifty per cent, less than the price paid by
the Government for doing it. In other words, :
that, if economy had prevailed, the sum of about 1
two million dollais might have been saved to the ,
Government, kappears that Mr. Cornelius Wen- \
dell executed most of the printing during the pe- t
riod referred to, under some arrangenv nt with the j
Printers elected by the Senate and House, by !
which he was to pay them a certain sum for their |
share of the profits. It was further arranged that i
Mr. Wendell was to pay other sums towards the I
New Series—No. 28.
J support of Administration newspapers, and that,
I j in pursuance of such arrangement, he did pay
:j large sums for that purpose, with the knowledge
and assent of the Administration. The commit-
tee say that, from all the testimony, it appears
that Mr. Wendell, m the contributions which he
made from the proceeds of the printing for party
purposes, acted as the agent and friend with the
knowledge and concurrence of the Administra-
tion. Mr. Wendell himself says that he con-
tributed, directly or indirectly,$100,000, to be ex-
pended in elections to influence their results, in
addition to the bonus paid for the contracts. He
sent money into certain doubtful congressional
distiicts in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New
York, in 1858, to influence the election of mem-
bers of Congress. A Mr. Megargee, of Philadel-
phia, testified before the investigating committee
of the Senate, as follows:
" Question. D:d you receive any money for political pur-
pose iti rennsjlvauia or New Jeii-ev man Mr. "Wendell.5
u Witness. Am I really compelled to an-wt-i such que*
tions?
" Mi. Kennedy. I thmkxt is within the scope or the iti-
quijy.
uTiic committee thought the question was a proper one,
and that it ohould be an-weicd.
" jJmwer. I did, ^r, leceive money at variou-s times foi
political puipo-cs.
Question. Were those moneys expended for the promo-
tion ot the interest-: ot the Democratic paity?
k* ^Insucr. Not all of them. Some ol it was u?ed foi a
thud paitv, which was oigaiuzed to diveil vote- fioin what
was known as the IVopleV party with  h. The Pooplc-V
paity was in opposition to the Demoeianc partv. We
did not know there the paitj orsanwd at- the Jlepubhcnu
j pam. The Opposition to the Demoeiatic patty w.t- called
tne Peopled party ; and to divert vines ftom mat partv, the
thud pam wa  o'igam/.ed. The object wn«> to divide the
People's parly.
Question. Was Mich a thud paity oujamzed ?
^Jns-ier Yes, ^it.
Did \ou behove that was ntce.-saiv to the
<<ueer^ ot the Demoeianc partv r
We eetiamly did.oi we i-hould not have given
them the money
'• Question What was that thud paity called'
.Hns<:ci\ The straight Amoi :cau pait) ; the "fettaight-
out</
u QueUio-i. You t-peak both of Pennsylvania and New
Jetsev?
u  jrtsc« r. Ye«. sir.
Question. And of those States only?
a.*/j(S"cr Ycsf,sir; of tho>«e only *'
Air. Avthmoy, one of the committee, stated in
the Senate that the aggregate cost of the public
printing is about double the fairpriee at which it
might be performed and ought to be performed;
j and that some portion of the executive printing
| has cost five or six times the usual pi ices that
I would be paid by individuals for the same work;
! that the whole system of the public punting is ex-
1 travagant in itself, and that much of it has been
j con upt, oi inexcusably careless 111 its admmistra-
j tion, and that it demands immediate reform,
j From the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, it appears that there has been disbursed, from
1807 to 1859, on the various public buildings pur-
chased or constructed und'-r the Treasury Depart-
ment, the sum of $20,12(5,1)97 09. Ofthisamount j
over thirteen million has been expended within the j
' past six years. The expenses of the Navy De- j
paitment for the year ending June 30, 1859, was j
I over fourteen million dollars, which is a large in- 1
! crease. In 1&43 the expenses of this Department, J
I althongh we had just emerged from the war with ;
' Mexico, amounted to only aboutnine million, i !
| find, by an examination of the Navy Register for I
j the year 1860, that we have m the* Navy at this
[ time—in a time of peace—ninety-nine captains,
j who are paid an average salary of $4,000 each;
! one hundted and thirty commanders, at a salary
j of about two thou.sand dollar; tluee hundiedand
j sixty lieutenants, at a caiaiy of about eighteen
\ hundred dollars; one hundred and forty-eight sur-
geons, at a salary of about twenfy-two hundred
doliarv, sixty-five pursers, at a salary of about
two thousand dollais; besides an army of mid- j
shipmen, engmeeis, mates, navy ag-nts, naval j
storekeepers, naval constructors, clerks, &c. A |
considerable number of these officers are seldom '
on duty, and we find written opposite their names i
"waiting orders," " on leave," "on furlough," 1
while their pay goes on all the same.
Now, T am not saying that this is all unneces-
sary. but I do insist that abuses have crept into
our Navy which should be corrected, and thai m
time of peace it is not necessary that $14,000,000
should be annually expended in this Depart-
ment aione. We have nearly ninety war vessels
of different kinds, carrying from one to o,ne hm>,
dred and twenty guns; eight navy-yards, when
there should be but two; and a large number of
shore stations. The expenses incurred m tho«k
various ways can be greatly curtailed, and it is
the duty of the Government to institute a rigid
scrutiny into this branch of our public service.
One source of the large increase in the expenses;
of the Navy Department is sh'own by theable"
report of Messrs. Sherman and Ritchie, from -the
special committee anpointed at the last session of
of the Thirty-Fifth Congrcss*to investigate certain
abuses m the management of this Department.
And a few days since, the Committee on Expend-
iture s in the Navy Department made an able re-"
port to this House upon the same subject, con-
cluding with the following resolutions, which
were passed by a \ote of two to one:
{i Resoled, Thai ttie Secretarj of the Navy lia?, with the
sanction ot the i\v:-ident, abu-ed Ills discretionary power
in the s-eleetion <>•'n coal agent, and in the pmUutof oi iuel
lot the Gov* inncnt
•' lieiolu'tl. Tii it tin* eontiact made b\ the Secretaiy of
the Nav}. undo dale <>5 Sep!"mbei 2o. with William
N. Swift, mi then 'kvetv or 1-ve oak timber, wa- made
in violation of law. and in a manner unusual, improper,
and iniution- to the public mmvcc.
'* cd, That the di>ti.l)ution, by the Secretaiy of the
Navy, or the pationa2''> Io^Tho navy vaiiK among me>nh«'r^
o: Oot!2te!.> wa- destiiieUve o! discipline,eoririptnig m its
influence, and highly lujur^u- lo the public bctvice,
llaoirc'}, That the Pie-.dent and ^eorctuiy ot the
Navy, by receiving and coiMdenns the paitv relations ftf
bidders ioi contracts With tile United State-, ard the effect
ot invaidnis; cuntuu f - upon p'-miwiz cleeiMin.- Ju.ve an
example dang< ton-, to the public >a;ety and deservlna the
repiool ol tin.- Hoi'se.
" 2icsolrcri. That the appointment, by the J^ecretaiy of
the Navy, or' Daniel 1> j\l.irt<n. chief engineer, as a tneni-
bei o! a board ot engineer- to tepoil upon juopo-ali- for con-
stiuetmg machine;, lot the Tiuted ritate-, tin* &aid Maitm
.it the tune bciiij p< euiii-ir.iy ustcrc- ted in j oine of the ^a<<l
piopo-al-. i- hcicby cen-nreii h\ thi- ilou-e.5'
It was shown bef.ne tho comminee that a polit-
ical fiiend of the President, m Philadelphia, ad-
dressed him the followmg letter,'just before the
election in Pennsylvania, m ly5b:
Pnif,\DhLPHfa. Septemt'cr 13, 18.i3.
Dc .r ?iu : i ventiue toMJjrgef-t to\ou the importance
of awardms* the contracts for the machinery of the tlocp
now bin idmg at I he navy vaid at this rime, and if it can be
done without piejudice to*the public sCiviee.fo Mernck &
yon*. Thoii.s i  the ojilyc.-tabli-hinf nt in thefir.-t district
which e nplo>- a l.ujjemimlh r of trn'c'KUiics—it thi?, time,
three himdred and ittnet.\ ; wlien in full woi k. four hundred
and flfty. * '
The managi'U partner- (IMt Meinck, m- . being abpent in
had Invlth) aic iul!of'eu"iff) ,«tranuii2 ever} nerve to keep
their toret duiina; tlu< depie— ion,and, in -o fat as! know,
the onlv old \Vh.<;.- of nnv anlucnee m lli.it d.^tuet who
aie in iavoi oi the reelection ot Colonel Fi-OKGNeE.
i know, horn tbuuer evpeiience, the value of that influ-
ence, and feel pei-ua.h'd tliat it is the intcie&t of the Dem-
oeiatic paity to increase It.
The rii-rt di.-tuct will, I hope, be earned i  any event;
but with rhat shop at work, full handed, two weeks prio,-
to the election, the le.-uit would. I think be placed bejond
all doubt.
With much respect, W. C. PATTERSON.
The Prlcidext.
This letter waspromptly sent by Mr. Buchanan
to the Secretary of the Navy, with a note calling
his attention to it, and the lesult was, Meiuck &
Sons obtained tlx' contract, though the Novelty
Works m Kew York city offered to do the work
for a much less sum than was paid to the contract-
ors ! Can it be wondered at, in view of such ex-
amples, that the Government is defrauded and
robbed by us officers? Sir, it is easy enough to
account for the increased expenditure in the Navy
Department, by the scandalous partition of pat-
ronage in the Brooklyn navy-yard amona: New
York membeis of Congress, by the live-oak con-
tracts, by the contract for machinei y, by the pur-
chase of coal at exorbitant lates, and the commis-
sions allowed pohtiea! favorites.
An examination has satisfied me that millions
of dollars are squandered annually by retaining
m the public service custom-house officers, con-
suls, and other agents whose services are not
needed. In 1857 nearly four million dollars were
expended in collecting revenue from customs. I
find, by the official report of the Secretary of the
Treasury in answer to a resolution of the Senate,
that in 1857 the whole amount of revenue collected
at Wilmington, Delaware, was $2,004, and that
eight custom house officers were employed in tiie
collection of this sum, at a cost to the Govern-
ment of $15,848—being a loss to the Government
of §13,344. At Annapolis, Maryland, there was
