1860.
THE. CONGRESSIONAS* GLOBE.
1S75
1 consider an examination into these questions
of grc.it importance. We must put down the
extravagance of the times. We see, every day,
that expenses are increasing,and labor is becom-
ing degradod. The farmer has now no ground for
encouragement. He is merely regarded as afarmer.
Now, if you really do want to do anything for
the great agricultural interest of this country,
then let there be a separate department of the Gov-
ernment established for its benefit, and let some
man be placed at its head who is competent for
the discharge of the duties imposed upon him.
Let that man be responsible to the country for the
proper performance of his functions of office. As
it is now, Secretary Thompson, of the Interior De-
partment, has not the time to pay attention to the
agriculture of the country. Governor Thomas,
of the Patent Office, has not time to pay attention
to it, and the sub ject is left to the head of another
bureau; and if you inquire of him, he says that
he has no control over it. [Laughter.] Let this
evil be remedied, for agriculture is the foundation i
of the progress of aii our other great interests. :
Mr. Chairman, before I sitdown I will make a j
few remarks upon the topics of constant discus- !
sion m this Hall. It may be that my opinions J
may be desired by my constituents. Whatever !
they arc, I hesitate not frankly to express them. !
Day after day have we had fierce discussions of .
every manner of distracting questions. Now, I j
think that if we would return to the ancient con- j
structionofthe Constitution; if we would construe :
it as it lias been construed until within the last ten |
years, there would then be 110 further difficulty on j
the subject of slavery. In the early days of the '
Republic slavery was-regarded as at! evil. In the |
organization of this Government its mischievous j
tendencies were not concealed. At the time of ,
the Revolution it was stated in the Declaration of j
Independence, as one of the complaints against !
"* the mother country, that she poured numbers of i
"African slaves upon our coasts, and thereby de- j
graded our white labor. t
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle- ;
man will allow me to interrupt him, that I may  
say on« word. j
Mr. CAREY. I would rather go on without ;
interruption, but I yield to the gemieman. 1
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If, when gentlemen ,
make statements like those we have heard, we re- i
main silent, it will look as if we yielded our as- ,
sent to them. I utterly repudiate and deny the I
proposition stated by the gentleman from Ohio. ,
Mr. CAREY. I appeal to history in reply to |
the gentleman's disclaimer. If that be studied ;
carefully, I am sure that; it will bear me out in ;|
what I have said. I believe that I am familiar ,i
with the principles of this Government which had ,
ciscc n dency until within a few years. I know, I [
think, what were the doctrines of Mr. Jefferson, j
Mr. Adams, and Mr. Monroe. They were the :
doctrines, at the time, of all classes of the people. ,
I have ott two occasions given expression by i
my votes to my opinion on the subject which dis-
tracts this country. By my vote I have expressed .
mv opposition to the extension of slaveiy. I do j
not believe that this Government has any power j
to extend slavery in this Union, upon this conti- i
neut, or any where in the world. It it be said that j
the State sovereignties have the right to admit
slavery within their midst, then I respond that is j
a matter for the States, each by itself, to determ- ,
me, and not for this Federal Government. We
nil know that Congress recognized the ordinance, ,
of 17^7, which then excluded slavery from all tne ,
territories of the United States. The sixth section :
of that ordinance was repealed by the admission
This slavery excitement increases every four
years, as the presidential election approaches.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if men will appeal to their
own judgments, and reason from common sense
rules, there will be less political disturbance than
there has been. There would then be more prob-
ability of arriving at some more sensible conclu-
sion on political questions.
We hear threats of a dissolution of the Union,
because of this slavery agitation. The idea'ft'ex-
traordinary and unnatural. It is impossible that
this people can be divided and this Union dis-
rupted.
I was taught, from a bo>-, to venerate and regard
this Union as the all-important thing in govern-
mental affairs, and that separation would be a deso-
lation. Now, supposing that, on the subject of this
disturbing question of slavery, the South should
secede, would it lessen these difficulties ? We are
now under obligations to surrender to them their
slaves, and the greatportion of the people are will-
ing that it shall be done. We have some people
who interfere with this thing. We have impru-
dent met! at the North as well as at the South.
But how is it possible to escape the consequences
of these difficulties fcy separation? I know that
men can swell themselves into a great deal of ex-
citement and passion by exclamations about their
constitutional rights. I believe, as much as I be-
lieve that I exist, that I have the constitutional
right to demand that slavery shall not be extended.
I know that it was the intention of the framers of
the Government, and the design and expression
of all the States, that they were, in a short time,
to get rid of slavery. I know what all our great
men have said on the subject; but the profound
truths laid down by them are now regarded as
heresies or as treason.
Now, I ask my southern friends, in all candor
—for I have not a particle of feeling against a
single State or individual—to weigh these mat-
ters with a little more prudence than they are in
the habit of doing; and I ask my own friends,
when they discuss this question, to discuss it in
a spirit of kindness and firmness. But we have
got a notion recently that there is a kind of pluck
necessary to be shown in every speech, otherwise
we would be regarded as tkckmg down. I do not
think I lack pluck because I do not abuse my
neighbor. Would any of you, in discussing dif-
ficulties with yourneighbors,be influenced l>v the
slang which is in use here—by the term " Black
Republican t" If a member on either side of this
House says an imprudent thing, it is seized upon
by another as if it were a fundamental principle
of a party ;anil the people are excited by the belief
that something very serious is approaching.
Now, if we would act like sensible men, and
treat the subject with that candor and care which
us importance demands, instead of that shyness
which we see manifested amj>ng members, me
would see respectful-greetings when we meet each
other. Let me tell you, my friends—and I have
had some experience—that the very moment the
first blow is struck for separation, secession, or
dissolution, that very moment will the grandeur
and magnificence that have been portrayed m
such glittering and glowing terms fade away,
and we will become a ruined, broken down, ana
destroyed nation. " . .
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman from Ohio has
announced that there is no doubt that the original
policy of the Government was to limit slavery to
the States in which it existed. Now, it has oc-
curred to me that a reference to the dates when
Tennessee and Kentucky were admitted into the
Union, and when Mississippi and Louisiana were
• , v q. , created Territories, might perhaps deserve con-
ot the slave States South. nf ! sideration from him before lie comes to the con-
A good deal has been said abouta«.oUmon of . ™ ° ~ gcems tQ luuf,
my colleague, [Mr. Blake,] upon which a vote ,
bv veas and navs was taken in the House. INow, ;
si'i "I voted for iliat resolution; I hoped that the
subject would be referred to the Committee on the '
Judicial y. The subject excited attention, and
bad au idea of what the report of that committee ,
would bo, and I regret they were not allowed to ;
report if that committee had been allowed to ,
make a report, I have not the least doubt that it ,
would have had the effect to quiet this slavery cx- :
citvmein. I do not believe tW, under the Con- :
stitution, we have any more right to touch sla- ;
very 1)1 the States where it now is, than we have
to interfere with the private property of our neigh- j
bors.
eAttsUiVi, which lie seems to have come to veiy
81 MrflJINGHAM. If my colleague will allow
me, I beg leave to remind the gentleman from
T Mr" CAREY. I will answer the gentleman my-
self. I want the gentleman to know that 1 under-
stand the history of the time. The Territory o
Kentucky belonged to the State of Virginia, and
slavery had extended there. It ^ver belonged to
the United States as a Territory. Iveither did the
°lMi-S REAGAN. The Northwestern Territory
belonged to Virginia also. .
MrXAREY T Slavery did not exist there to any
extent; and she ceded the Territory with the con-
dition that it should not exist there.
Mr. REAGAN. It is true that the cession of
theNorthwest Territory wasa.matterof compact
before the formation of the present Constitution;
and it is also true that Kentucky was taken from
the territory of Virginia, and Tennessee from the
territory of North Carolina, after the Constitution
was formed, and that slavery was permitted to
exist in both; but the point to which my atten-
tion was called by the gentleman's remark was
the statement that slavery was regarded by the
fathers as an evil which must be limited to the
States where it was existing. If that was their
conviction, how was it, when they had the power
, to exclude siaveholding States from coming into
i the Union, that they admitted the States of Ten-
i ncssee and Kentucky with slavery; and that, in
| providing for the territorial governments of Mis-
| sissippi and Louisiana and Arkansas and Ala-
bama and Floridaand others, they expressly rec-
ognized slavery in those Territories, and made no
attempt to abridge it in the States where it existed i
Mr. CAREY. The States from which these
Territories were derived had already extended
slavery over them, and they would not surrender
them*unless that principle was yielded. That I
understand to be the political history of that
whole matter. In the case of Louisiana, it was
a treaty stipulation, which could not be got over.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 think it is too late in the
day to begin t  question the views which ouv
fathers entertained-on this subject. I have read
the views of all the distinguished men of the Uni-
ted States on the subject of slavery. I have re-
cently read all that Mr. Jefferson said on the sub-
ject. I have read his correspondence with A, B,
and C, not only in the United States, but in for-
eign countries. He abhorred slavery, and believed
that it would be abolished by the States them-
selves. I speak now of the time of the organiza-
tion of the Government, and for many years after
it; but I admit that Mr. Jefferson changed his
opinions somewhat after the Missouri question
had awakened excitement in the country.
Mr. REAGAN. It has been declared here, by
a number of speakers, that Mr. Jefferson and
others regarded slavery as wrong in the abstract.
There is, however, one fact in otirhistory oh this
subject to which attention has not been specif-
ically directed by any of the speakers-—-
i Mr. CAREY. 1 must proceed with my re-
marks. I know that this is an important question
at this particular time, because upon it turns the
propriety or impropriety of the course of all par-
ties. In the view of the people at the time of the
formation of the Government, there was no ques-
tion more settled or fixed than that slavery was
a curse, and was not to be extended; and the
Government disposed of that question by provid-
ing that slavery should not exist in any portion
of its territory. What stronger illustration of
their views of slavery could they give than that?
My friends of the South have got a little too
fast on this subject. I hope they will remain con-
tented with their rights under the Constitution. I
will guaranty that not one of those rights will be
infringed upon. When they ask more than those
rights, I believe they ask that which they will not
get. I say this respectfully.
I know bow easy it is for men to reason that
this thing or that thing is expedient. I know that
men call that thing expedient which they want. So
itiswhen wepursueourfillibusteringpolicy. We
do not stimulate filibuster expediency because we.
have any peculiar love for the people of the coun-
tries against which those expeditions arc directed.
It is not that that actuates us; but a spirit of ag-
i grandizement. When wsa.s it that a man was sat-
! istied with his acquisitions, until he learned that
1 he-could add no moro to the bulk of his fortunes.
■ Does any Government relax in disposition to ac-
| quire new territory, as it increases m strength.
! No sir; as it grows in strength it seeks to grasp
I more territory. Such has been the history of the
! world. We are trying to make this a too m&g-
' niiicent Government. We seek to build up too
much tawdry splendor in the I' ed.: l capital. Jn
Washington, what seductions are m this Hall,
and out of it, to secure men in their fat places of
emolument! Now, v* will do wel if we will go
to work like honest men, and strike off the ex
crescences that affect the body-politic. Let the
hordes of servants and retainers, uselessly em-
