2820s
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the Government having undertaken the duty, the
Committee on Finance deemed it proper for them
to report the appropriation, in conformity to ex-
isting law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first branch of the committee's amend-
ment, which embraces High street and Bridge
street, in Georgetown.
That branch of the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the residue of the amendment.
The remainder of the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
two hundred and ten:
For taking down and rebuilding the southernmost span of
the bridge across the Potomac, known as the Long Bridge,
$3,247 54.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to oppose the
amendment; but I desire to say, in this connec-
tion, that in allowing it to pass without any earn-
est protest, I am not to be considered as at all
conceding my former opposition to the continua-
tion of this bridge. There seems to be no con-
venient connection with the "Virginia shore.-The
appropriation is small, and the connection can
probably be better obtained through this appro-
priation, for the time being, than by attempting
any other policy. 1 simply desire the Senate to
understand that I reiterate, for the time being, all
my opposition to the continuation of this bridge
-as a permanent structure; but I concede that this
appropriation may be made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state that this appro-
priation is made necessary on account of an acci-
dent from the storm last Saturday week. The
long span adjoining the Virginia shore was forced
about eight feet out of line by the winds, and a
vessel driven violently across it. This is to re-
pair that span.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after the
one just adopted:
For repans ot Pennsylvania avenue. $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
two hunJivd and twenty-two:
For clcanin? out the sewer traps on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and r^pa.un" ih<"> e-ame, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in page 12, lines
two hundred and sixty-five to two hundred and
seventy-thuv, t<  strike out the following clause:
L-For rolJrcu^n "i a^iiculHnal i-t.itifUc?, investigations
forpiomonnjj Jinimltuio and :nr.il economy, and the pio-
cureiTkut ot cmtiruj- jukI ^eed.?. .$3^.000: PiOti-led, how-
ever, Thai jn tin expendituio of tins appropriation, and
especially in th-> -"l-'cEion of outlines* and .*et'd& for dwtii-
butiou, due lizard r'hail ho had to the purposes of general
cultivation and the encouiasement of the agricultural and
rural interests of all pait-^ of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in page 14, to strike
out lines three hundred and eleven to three hun-
dred and fifteen, inclusive, in the following words:
'• For expenses incident to the execution ofthcactof3d
March, 1859, providing for the care and preservation of the
Potomac water-works, and the distiibution of water for
governmental and other purposes, §4,000."
Mr. TOOMBS. That amendment I have al-
ready explained. It is a retrenchment of $4,000
a year, which we consider an unnecessary ex-
penditure, by putting the whole work under the
engineer in charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to insert after line
three hundred and thirty-three:
For completing the pr.nung, bmd'ng,and publishing, one
thousand <opx\- m t!:o p.tpoi., ot James Madison, under the
direction and eontml oi the Joint Vomiruttee on the Library
of Coi'ltiv-s. ,$^000; and the said committee are hereby
amhoii/.ed lu contract lor the pinning and binding ot the
same, with su'-h person ot persons as they may think
proper to employ.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, to strike out the
second section of the bill, in the following words:
**Src -2. JinA he it further enact a),'That the si urn of §30,000,
heretofoieappiopuaa-d by the act of '3d March, 1859, for the
purpose of ivpanv and incidental expen-es to the light-
house at Oswjgo and buddings connected therewith, and
which remains unexpended, may he Used and applied for
repairing and seeurmcr and protecting the pier connected
with the hgnt-hmi>e at Oswego, Now York, so a-s to pre-
vent the desttucLon of said light-house and pier."
The amendment was agreed to.
I The next was to insertas an additional section,
1 Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the second sec-
| tion of the act " making appropriations for the legislative,
i executive, and judicial expenses of Government for the year
| ending the 30th of June, I860," approved the 3d ofMarch,
i 1859, shall be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
j Mr. HAMLIN. I have not got the statute
j here, and I should thank the Senator from Geor-
! gia to state what the section to be repealed is.
! Mr. FITCH. I will read it if the Senator has
it not conveniently at hand.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can state it.
Mr. FITCH. It is the section relative to
coinage.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I know what it is, and will
explain it if the Senator will allow me a moment.
\ By that act, they authorized the Mint to take-the
j old silver coins of Spain and other countries at
their nominal value in exchange for cents. Under
i that provision there was so much coin brought in
that the cent coinage has increased until it is be-
coming exceedingly burdensome. It has fallen
five or six per cent, below par, and the object is
to stop that business. We have more cents than
we want. They interfere with our currency, and
the object of this amendment is to ease the mar-
ket, and stop the making of the coin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have one or two amendments
that are not printed, which I am instructed by the
committee to offer. I move to add as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. sliul be it further enacted, That all existing laws
cieating an art commission be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Not having made any appropriation for contin-
uing the building, the committee deemed the com-
mission unnecessary, and we concluded that the
act authorizing it ought to be repealed.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to amend the amendment
by adding thereto, " and the. architect of the Cap-
itol extension."
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know about that.
My amendment is from the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment to the
! amendment, to include the architect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
I put the question on the amendment,
j Mr. GRIMES. That was not read at the Sec-
retary's desk. It may be expedient to transact
i business rapidly; but it seems to me, an amend-
j liient ought at least lo be read at the desk.
I Mr. TOOMBS. Let it lie read.
{ The S"eretary read it.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
: from Mississippi offers an amendment to this
! amendment.
Air. DAVIS. To add the words " or provid-
51 ingforthe appointment of architect to the Capitol
ji extension."
tj Mr. TOOMBS. The question in reference to
|| the architect has not been under the consideration
of the committee, and it stands on its own indi-
vidual merits. I do not know what use there is
for him.
Mr. DAVIS. The drawings are already made,
and as there is 110 appropriation for the building,
of course there is no use for him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What ia it?
Mr. TOOMBS. Dispensing with the architect
to the Capitol.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will again be read with the amendment pro-
posed to it.
i j The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
jl nient: to insert after the word " commission," the
| words, " or providing for an architect of the Cap-
|i itol extension;" so that the amendment, if thus
;! amended, will read:
ij Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That all existing laws
|j creating an att commission, or pioviding for an architect to
\ 1 the Capitol extension, be, and the same are hereby, re-
: 1 pealed.
j Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment to the
! amendment will not be adopted. I understand it
;; will take now some three years to cau-y out the
;i finishing of this Capitol, to complete it; and it is to
I! be done in accordance with the plans, 1 suppose,
j' that have already been furnished by the architect.
|i If this law is repealed and his appointment re-
(! \oked, I do not know what is to be done in fin-
i! ishing the Capitol. I hope it will not be repealed.
Mr. DAVIS. The explanation of the amend-
ment is, that after the appointment of the late
superintendent, Captain Meigs, the architect, be-
came, in fact, a draughtsman. He made plans un-
der Captain Meigs, who was both constructor and
architect in fact, though he never took the name.
The drawings have now been completed, and as
the present architect failed utterly as a constructor,
as was shown by the report of the committee,
when he was in charge of the construction, I do
not see what duties he can have to perform, ex-
cept to drawliis salary. I look upon it, therefore,
as a useless expense. The plans are complete.
Construction is what remains to be done, not de-
signs.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to go into the
quarrel between Captain Meigs and the architect.
I leave that entirely outside. I understand Cap-
tain Meigs is not now in superintendence of the
extension of the Capitol, but another person is.
Mr. TOOMBS. Captain Franklin.
Mr. CLARK. Captain Franklin is, I under-
stand. So far as the Senator's assertion, that the
plans are furnished, is concerned, I think he is
[ mistaken. I think the plans are not all furnished.
The architect is furnishing them still.
| Mr. DAVIS. Plans for what?
I Mr. CLARK. For the erection of the Capitol.
; I simply wish to make this further statement, Mr.
j President. It is always usual, I believe, that the
' architect should have his plans carried out under
his own superintendence. Supposing it to be true
that the architect has furnished the plans, if he
were discharged now, those plans would be left
to be carried out by a comparative stranger, or by
some one who could not confer with him, and
have his views and directions in regard to them.
I desire to sec this Capitol completed as it has
been begun. I desire to see it become an honor
to the nation, and hope the architect will be con-
tinued for the present at least, if not to the com-
pletion of the work.
Mr. DAVIS. The argument of the Senator
would go very well towards the restoration of one
of the most valuable officers the Government has,
the late superintendent of the work, Captain
Meigs, who modified the work in its essential
respect, controlled it as long as he was superin-
tendent—for about four years—to whom we owe
whatever there is very valuable in the design. So
far as it was changed from that design which was
submitted by the Committee on Public Buildings
when the original plan was adopted for the exten-
sion of the Capitol, the Senator is quite in error
in his assignment of the office. His argument
nomine mutatur would be very applicable to Cap-
tain Meigs. It is applicable to nobody else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi to the amendment,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING. I ask that the amendment be again
read.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear some
assignmen tof reason as to why the original amend-
ment is proposed. Why is it proposed to repeal
the act establishing this art commission ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the amendment is called for again, together with
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi; and they will be read.
The Secretary again read them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. I solicited some explanation
from the Senator who offered the original amend-
ment as to the reason why it was proposed to
repeal this art commission.
Mr. TOOMBS. We are not 011 that matter
now. We are acting 011 the amendment to the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is 011 the amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. IVERSON. I understand the object of
the amendment is to do away witli the services
of the architect. Is that the object of the amend-
ment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope it will be adopted. I
agree with the Senator from Mississippi that there
