1876
THE
CONGRESSIONAL
GLOBE.
April 27,
ployed, be dismissed. If we do that, then we will
do what is valuable. Just as you raise wages here,
will they be raised* elsewhere in the country for
like services. ♦
The States imitate exactly the example of the
Federal Government. Four dollars a day do not
pay a man's expenses, I am told. We hear it as-
serted that $3,000 a year will not more than pay
necessary expenses. I am credibly informed that
some members expend f6,000 and §10,000 a year.
They have the right to do that, for then they ex-
pend from their own private means. I will not
intermeddle with the private rights of individuals;
but when the Government is taxed for the purpose
of exalting certain men above their fellows, I say
that I have a right to object. There is no man in
this country who feels more delighted than I do
in its legitimate advancement in wealth and pros-
perity; but, sir, I fear luxury and enervation. * I
feel proud that I have lived to see a comparative
wilderness, occupied by twenty-five thousand in-
habitants, blossom into full-grown States with a
population of nine million. May I never live to
see them sunken into an Asiatic degeneracy!
No man with a more swelling heart contem-
plates the growth of this country. I am fiiarful,
however, that our people are too fast; and that un-
less they change their course they must rapidly
degenerate. We do a great many things for which
it would be difficult to find a power in the Consti-
tution. A,B,andC,are hunted #p, and money is
squandered upon them. Relics of distinguished
men who have gone before us are overburdened
with national munificence. Yet we hear con-
stantly much about the Constitution; such, how-
ever, is the technicality of the rules of this House,
that it is impossible for a man to say no, let the
?uestion be ever so objectionable. Consider it.
f you will not change these things, then I call
upon the people to hurl every member from this
House and put in those who will restore the bet-
ter days of the Republic.
Mr. Chairman, we are often designated as the
servants of the people. Is it not curious that the
servants live much better than the masters ? Yet
we make the people's politics, too often. We
make them believe this and that, because they put
confidence in us.
I confess that I am not accustomed to speaking
in public. I know what I do. If I had the fluency
of others, I would have a long story to tell. 1
have said what I have at the risk of criticism, I
have endeavored to state plain and substantial
truths. I do not believe, let me say, that this
Government will be crushed out. This Govern-
ment will not now be dissevered. No, sir,myfear
is that we will wear out; that our people will de-
generate and become enervated and emasculated
as are the people of Asia, because of their de-
bauchery and mode of living. There is no man
acquainted with history who will not have the
same fear. No Government that has preceded us
ever had the same facilities of destruction. We
have all the arts and sciences of former years,
together with those unknown to the ancients. I
must believe that we arc unfortunately driving
towards the brink of destruction. There is no
hope but by retracing our steps, and again adopt-
ing the policy of our fathers. Where is the man,
where the party, that will begin it? It must be
begun if we are to be saved. Here is the placc to
begin it. Let us exhibit by our acts what we
profess to be
1 will now, sir, say a few words to my partic-
ular friends. Iam not ashamed of beinga farmer—
a laborer; I am proud that I have done my share
of work. I despise the man who will declare that
labor is disgraceful. It js blasphemy. God said
that man should earn his bread by the sweat
of his brow. If I have ever done anything val-
uable, it has been the actual manual labor I have
ferformed in assisting to develop a new country,
am proud to say it. I ask whether we have not
here too many talkers? They are not laborers nor
farmers. There are men who want to do all of
the talking; at least they want to lead in all the
talking, caudenythat? It is a lamentable
truth. The evil has even extended to our board-
ing-houses. [Laughter.]
Why, sir, it would be impossible for a man,
anywhere here in Washington, even among the
ladies, to get out half a sentence without being
interrupted. [Laughter.] This may be laugh-
able; but it is as true as the other statements I
have made. I ask these gentleftien who are so
flippant and smart, to reflect that every man here,
by the Constitution of his country—and we arc
all Constitution-loving men—has just as many
rights as they have.
Abstractly, there is not a man upon earth who
really believes that he has a right to property in
another man's labor. But a question of expedi-
ency comes in; and while gentlemen will talk about
this matter, I ask these lawyers—and I have seen
eight, ten, or twelve of them struggling for the
floor at the same time—that they will reflect that
others have an equal right to be heard, though
they are crowded out by the severe struggle. It
may be regarded as ridiculous to talk in this way,
but I talk pretty much what I believe to be true;
and if gentlemen will say it is not true, I am will-
ing to retract. I know it may be called indeco-
rous for a man of my age, and among these scien-
tific gentlemen, to talk in this way, but I am
impelled to it by facts which'starc me in the face;
and there is not a man in the House who will not
agree that what I say is true. Why, I have heard
ladies say, " Is it possible that you do not be have
yourselves better?" [Laughter,]
We occupy in this House an exalted position;
and just in proportion as our position is exalted,
and we do not come up to what that position re-
quires of us, we are degraded. This leap year
in politics is a very dangerous year [laughter] for
this Government. Iam not talking for Buncombe
—for I shall never consent to be a member of Con-
gress again—but so far as I have any influence
among my constituents, I shall talk to them just
as I do to you, and if they do not believe me it
will be their fault, and not mine; for I know, and
you all know, that I tell the truth. I do not be-
lieve there is a man here who will get up and say
that I am not speaking the truth. I will now yield
the remainder of my time to my friend from
Texas. I call him my friend because I call every
man in this House my friend so long as he con-
ducts himself in a gentlemanly mannes. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. REAGAN. I do not wish to occupy much
time. It is not material, perhaps, that I should
say anything; but the (ibservation I wished to sub-
mit is this: that the views of Jefferson andothers
of his day have been frequently presented in this
House, to show that they were, in the abstract,
opposed to slavery in their time. That propo-
sition may be true; but to give a correct under-
standing of what seems to some gentlemen to be
a change of conviction upon that subject, I de-
sire to say, that some thirty or forty years ago,
indeed within my recollection, very many of the
people of the South believed that slavery was an
evil; but that they had the institution among them
and could not get rid of it without inflicting- a
greater evil uponsthe country. They were not
able to send off their slaves, and it would not do
to turn them loose among them.
Now I wish to say in that regard, that it is
probable, if a crusade had not been instituted
against the slaveholders; if they had not been
denounced as wicked and cruel men for indorsing
what many of them at the time did not consider
abstractly right, I have no doubt that slavery
would have been perpetuated; but that the con-
dition of the slaves would have been amelior-
ated, as, indeed, it has been to some extent; but
the amelioration of their condition has been ar-
rested, to a considerable extent, by the action of
men who would have precipitated their libera-
tion, and who denounced and reviled the owners
of the slaves. The attack made upon the slave
owners brought into question the morality of
slaveholdmg, die philosophy of slavetaolding, the
justice and pcwcy of holding slaves; and neces-
sity forced upon people who owned slaves the
necessity of a thorough and full investigation of
the whole subject in its political, social, and
moral bearing; into the mental capacity and
moral power of the African race; their condition
when left to themselves, and their relative condi-
tion when in subordination to a more intelligent
race of men. The result of a most liberal and
thorough investigation, followed out in all its de- !
tails, has within thirty years worked out a great j
revolution in the minds of men, particularly in ]
the country where the institution existed, in refer- !
enco to slavery; and the conviction is now thor-
oughly fixed in the mind of the people of the
South, that there is not, abstractly, any sin in the
holding of slaves; that there is no moral wrong
in holding slaves; that there is no social or do-
mestic inconvenience in holding slaves, as there
was supposed to be thirty years ago.
That is the present settled conviction of the
public mind; and the revolution in public opinion
has grown out, as I have already said, of the at-
tack made and so long and persistently kept up
on the institution, and that disposition of the
human mind to make sure that it is right in all its
doings.
But it may be said that men hunt for reasons
to excuse what may not be right. But that state-
ment would not overbear the arguments and facts
which have influenced their minds, when the tests
of history, of reason, and of philosophy, have
been applied to the institution of slavery. The
strength of the sentiment in favor of slavery de-
pends upon a few facts easily comprehended.
But I will break the connection of my argument
to say what I should have said in another connec-
tion. It is not to be denied that oppression is
sometimes exercised by the owner of slaves, any
more than it could be denied that there is oppres-
sion by men who employ hired labor. There is
oppression wherever powerand wealth are brought
to bear upon labor, and that exists in every civil-
ized community on earth. It is not pretended that
there is therefore an exemption from crime in favor
of slave owners, that cannot be said to exist in
favor of those who control labor in any other form
of society.
Mr. LANDRUM. I dislike tp .interrupt the
gefitleman, but I must do so.
Mr. REAGAN. Very well, Mr. Chairman, I
will not persist.
Mr. LANDRUM. Mr. Chairman, that we
are now threatened with great and alarming evils,
no one who will take a calm and unprejudiced
survey of the condition of the country can for a«
moment doubt. In the formation of this Govern-
ment there existed a spirit of harmony and con-
cession from the citizens of each State in this
Union towards the citizens of every other State;
and this spirit was so plainly exhibited in the
convention which framed the Constitution of the
United States—it was so adjusted, so adapted to
the wants of all the States entering into the Con-
federacy—that it received the almost unanimous
support of the convention. Harmony and con-
cord and good feeling reigned throughout the
whole Confederacy. The citizen of South Caro-
lina rejoiced in the prosperity and commended
the virtues of the citizen of Massachusetts; and
the citizen of Massachusetts responded to the feel-
ing of the citizen of South Carolina. That was the
feeling which pervaded the citizens of this com-
mon country when the Constitution was formed;
and that was the spirit which pervaded it for the
thirty years afterwards during which the Govern-
ment was administered by the fathers of the Re-
public.
But now, Mr. Chairman, what state of things
does this country exhibit? A people discordant;
a great sectional party formed, and the whole his-
tory of the country ransacked in a search for sub-
jects of denunciation on the part of citizens of
one portion of the Confederacy against citizens
of the other.
In that convention which framed the Constitu-
tion, which is the basis of our Government, slave'
States were admitted without objection. Conces-
sions were made to slave States on every point
that they demanded, and which they deemed es-
sential to the preservation and protection of their
rights in this Union. Ay, it was not objected to
a State then that she should come into ific Union
because she permitted slavery. So far from that,
the Constitution abounds with express provisions
for the protection of their property, and for the
security of their rights. Jtwas not objected to
a free State that she should form a member of the
Confederacy because she did not tolerate slavery.
But the patriotic founders of the Republic looked
to the interests of the whole country, and sacri-
ficed prejudices whenever sacrifices were neces-
sary, in order to form a more perfect union.
Contrast that state of feeling and that state of
facts with the condition in which we now seethe
country. Mutual denunciation is the business
even of the Representatives of the people on the
floor ofthis Hall. Members of Congress recom-
mend the circulation of books calculated to sap
and undermine the foundations on which the
