1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1877
.whole fabric of wealth, of respectability, and of
civilization, of one half-the Union, is based. We
meet here, not to strengthen the bonds that bind
us together in the Union, but to weaken them, as
far as human ingenuity can do so. To such a
point has this state of things culminated, that the
people of State after State in the southern portion
of the Confederacy have met in convention and
declared their belief that there is a probability that
the time is rapidly approaching when they must
provide new guards for their future security. The
State which I have the honor in part to represent
has made that declaration. And it is charged here
on the floor of this Hall, by almost every mem-
ber of the Republican party who has addressed
this committee on the subject of the state of the
Union, that it is the Democratic party which is
responsible for this condition of things; that the
Democratic party have departed from the lessons
of wisdom taught us by the example of our fore-
fathers, and have thus precipitated on the coun-
try all these evils, by the manner in which they
have treated the slavery question.
It shall be my purpose, Mr. Chairman, in the
short time allotted to me, to endeavor to vindi-
cate from the charge that party of which X am an
humble member. The district which I represent,
and the State in which that district is situated, are
Democratic by an overwhelming majority; and I
assert here, and am prepared to prove incontest-
ably, that the Democratic party arc notthe authors
of the mischief under which the country labors.
I am prepared to prove that thoy have not de-
parted from the lessons of wisdom inculcated by
the example of the founders of the Republic. I
will show, if histoyr does' not lie, that it is the
Republican party, the anti-slavery party, that is
the cause of all the evils with which the country
is afflicted; and it is they, and not the Democratic
party, who have abandoned the legislative prece-
dents and examples of our fathers.
Why, sir, how are we respqnsible for the
slavery agitation that has produced all the evils
and mischiefs which afllict the country?
How is the Democratic party responsible for
that excitement, and for the difference of opinion
which pervade the Republic on that subject,
threatening a dissolution of the Union? Why,
we are responsible for it because we do not join
the Republican party to exclude slavery from the
Territories. We are responsible for it because we
do not oppose the admission of a State into the
Union when her constitution tolerates slavery.
We are responsible for it because we do not join
in the declaration that all men are created free and
equal, and apply that doctrine to the African slaves
of the South; because we do not declare that those
slaves are equal to us, and therefore of right free.
We are required by the Republican party to
unite with them in advocating that doctrine, and
to declare besides that slavery and polygamy are
twin relics of barbarism. If we join them in all
these declarations of principle; if we join them in
advocating the^e measures, then, of course, the
country will be <^uiet. But, sir, who is responsi-
ble for the agitation ? Is it not the party that calls
for legislation? Has the Democratic party ever
asked the national Legislature to establish slavery
in her Territory? No, sir; but the Republican
party comes into this Hall and demands that the
power of the Government should be interposed to
exclude slavery from the Territories. Because
we do not agree with them; because we do not
think as they do; and because we do not vote as
they do; because we do not acquiesce in these
propositions, why, then we are responsible for
this agitation, and they are not! They ask us to
adopt the maxim that no more slave States shall
be admitted into the Union, and because we do
not agree with them on that subject, we are the
agitators, and they are not.
Mr. Chairman, from whajt source do we learn
#his new doctrine? Do we find it in the legisla-
tion of our forefathers? Are there anjr restric-
tions in the Constitution of the United States on
the subject, or any grant of power to prohibit
slavery in a Territory when that Territory is or-
ganized ? r& there anything in the Constitution
of the United States to justify it—and I appeal to
that us the very first example of our forefathers
in the administration of this Government-—is there
anything in that instrument which authorizes you
to say that a State shall not be admitted into the
Union because its constitution tolerates slavery ?
I differ from my friends upon the Republican
side of the House as to the manner in which I
would learn a lesson from the example of our fore-
fathers, I would not search for it in their private
declarations. I would search their legislative rec-
ord. We are legislators, and for our legislation
we want legislative precedents. I care not whether
the opinions of the founders of the Republic were
for slavery or against it, if the legislation of which
they were the authors corresponded with the views
I entertain. What judge of any court, what law-
yer who wished to ascertain the true doctrine of
a case, would search for the private opinions of
the judge when the reports bristled with adjudi-
cated" cases from which he could learn the true
doctrine which they had expressed under oath and
in the discharge of their duties? When you
search for the opinions of our ancestors to guide
us as legislators, look at their conduct as legisla-
tors, and not their private opinions. Every law-
yer, every sensible man, every rational man,
knows that that is the true test of the opinions of
our ancestors upon a given subject. When they
legislate under oath; when they legislate for the
good of the whole country, they lay aside their
private opinions and their peculiar prejudices.
Now, sir, what do we find in the Constitution
of the United States which inculcates the doc-
trine that slavery must not be extended into the
Territories ? I caji the attention of gentlemen to
the first clause of section nine, article one of the
Constitution:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808,
but a tax or duty may be imposed upon such importation,
not exceeding ten dollars for each person." *
In order, Mr. Chairman, that there may be no
mistake about the meaning of that clause of the
Constitution, I sen d to the Clerk fs desk, to be read,
an extract from Elliott's Debates.
The Clerk read from Elliott's Debates, (Yates's
Minutes,) pages 35 and 36, as follows:
il By the ninth section of this article, the importation of
such persons as any of the States now existing shall think
proper to admit, shall not b" prohibited prior to the year
1808, but a duty mny be imposed on rucli importation not
exceeding ten dolUis for eacli person.
"The design of this clause is to prevent the General Gov-
ernment from prohibiting the importation of slaves, but the
same reasons which caused them to strike out the word
'national,5 and not admit the word 'stamps,' influenced
them here to guard against the word 'slavesThey anx-
iously sought to avoid the admission of expressions which
might be odious in the ears of Americans, although they
were willing to admit into their system those things which
the expressions signified ; and hence it is that the clause is
so worded, as really to authorize the General Government
to impose a duty of ten dollars on every foreigner who
c^mes into a State to become a citizen, whether he comes
absolutely free, or quahfiedly so as a servant, although this
is contrary to the design ot the tramers, and the duty was
onlv meant to extend to the importation of slaves.
" This clause was the subject of a great diversity of sen-
timent in the convention ; as the system was reported by
the Committee of Detail, the provision was general, that
such importation should not be prohibited, without confin-
ing it to any particular period. This was rejected by eight
States; Georgia, South Carolina, and I think North Caro-
lina, voting for it.
" We were then told by the delegates of the two first of
those States, that their States would never agree to a sys-
tem which put it in the power of the General Government
to prevent the importation of slaves, and that they, as del-
egates from those States, must withhold their assent from
such a system.
"A committee of one member from each State was chosen
by ballot to take this part of the system under their consid-
eration, and to endeavor to agree upon some report winch
should reconcile those States; to this committee also was
referred the following proposition, which had been reported
by the Committee of Detail, namely: 'No navigation act
shall be pa&scd without the assent of two thirds of the mem-
bers present in each House;' a proposition whichthe staple
and commercial States were solicitous to retain, lest their
commerce should be placed too much under the power of
the eastern States, but which these last States were as anx-
ious to reject. This committee, of i^ich also I had the
honor to be a member, met and took under their consider-
ation the subjects committed to them. I found the eastern
States, notwithstanding their aversion to slavery, were very
willing to indulge the southern States at least with a tem-
porary liberty to prosecute the slave trade, provided the
southern States would in their turn gratify them, by laying
no restriction on navigation acts, and after a very little
time, the committee, by a great majority, agreed on a re-
port, by which the General Government was to be prohib-
ited from preventing the importation of slaves for a limited
time, and the restrictive clause relative to navigation-acts
was to be omitted."
Mr. LANDRUM. Now, Mr. Chairman, we
are asked to legislate to exclude slavery from the
Territories, because slavery is a mora! wrong,
because it is a suvngainst God, and because it is
a crime against humanity. And we are invoked
to adopt that legislation by the example of our
forefathers.
Now, what precedent do they furnish us in this
clause of the Constitution ? The Constitution of
the United States did make fegulations in regard
to the slavery question. One of those regulations -
was to permit the African slave trade until the
year 1808. Now, sir, was there anything so
morally wrong in the African .slave trade; was it
any such crime against humanity as to deter the
ancestors of those gentlemen from coming into a
Union which permitted the African slave trade ?
Why, sir, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New
Hampshire voted to extend the limitation againat
the prohibition of that traffic from 1800 to 1808.
Does the honorable chairman of this committee
[Mr. Bcffinton] blush for his ancestors because
they knew so little of the primary truths of com-
mon morality, as expounded by the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] m the commence-
ment of this debate, soon after the organization
of this House, in voting such a provision as that?
The State of Massachusetts was a sovereign
State before she entered into this Confederacy, un-
abridged by any limitation. She could have pre-
vented her citizens then, as the United States does
now, from participating in the slave trade even
between foreign ports in foreign nations; and yet
your ancestors not only voted witlfSouth Carolina
and Georgia, who refused to come into the Union
ualess the African slave trade was permitted so
long as they d eired it, but in coming into that
Union, it gave to the citizens of Massachusetts,
too, a like authority to engage in that trade.
What a sin against God, what a crime against
humanity, did these Massachusetts legislators vote
to perpetuate! And yet, I imagine, the honorable
Chairman is proud of his ancestors; and wo are
told now that because we will not join you in the
hue-and-cry against slavery, and do not legislate
to exclude slavery from the Territories, are
the authors of the evils with which the country
is afflicted. You are not satisfied with our silence,
our inaction; you say that we want to perpetuate
a crime against humanity, and have departed from
the lesson-of wisdom inculcated by our ancestors. *
Sir, I believe in the teachings of the ancient
patriots. I take their precedents, and although
not now in favor of the reopening of the African
slave trade, because it is inexpedient, yet I ven-
erate those legislators who sacrificed their preju-
dices in order that they might get South Carolina
and Georgia into the Union, who refused to come
in without it.
The gentleman from Connecticut, who first
opened this debate, and who, I believe, is not now
in his seat, remarked in his speech, that evil, dis-
guised in whatever form it might be, would only
produce evil; and therefore you must first lay
down amoral code, and no matter what results it
apparently leads you to, you must never violate it.
Sir, his ancestors told a different tale. They said,
in admitting South Carolina and Georgia into the
Union, that, although they objected to the slavS
trade, more good would be accomplished than by
prohibiting the slave trade and losing those two
States.
That is the policy which guided our ancestors;
and now, what do we ask ? What does the Demo-
cratic party ask ? Do we ask this Government to
legislate slavery into the Territories? We have
never made any such demand. We have never yet
asked anything of this Government but to let it
alone. And I assure you, that New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, and Connecticut, voted to per-
petuate the slave trade, and to give her citizens the
right to engage in it from 1800 to 1808, by that
clause in the Constitution which gives the citizens
of each State the rights of the citizens of every
other State. She relinquished the power which
they had to forbid their own citizens from par-
ticipating in the slave trade, and opened the door
to them. That is what your ancestors did in the
Constitution under which ihis Government was
formed, and which is the basis of all its legislation.
And yet, you can give no legislative encourage-
..ment to slavery; you must exclude" it wherever
you have the power to exclude it, not as a matter
of policy—at least that is not the ground upon
which you base your action—but because it is a
moral wrong, and a crime against humanity.
But is that all the legis'ation in the Constitution
about slavery ? Why, sir, they inserted a clause
in the Constitution authorizing the recapture of
