1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
fugitive slaves when they entered the sovereign
territory of these New England States which
have now such an abhorrence of the doctrine.
As th® meaning of jtjiat clause has been a subject
of dispute, I ask the Clerk to read a short extract
from the debates in the Virginia convention which
adopted the Constitution, in which Mr. Madison
explained the meaning of it. I hope I shall be
able to show that we have some first-rate pro-
slavery legislation in the Constitution before 1 get
through with this argument.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" At present, if any slave elopes to any of those States
where slaved are free, he becomes emancipated by their
laws. For the laws of the States are uncharitable to one
another in this respect. But in this Constitution,i no per-
son held to servicc or labor in one State, under the laws
thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence of any
law or regulation therein, be discharged from such service
or labor j hut shall be delivered up on claim of tbe^party to
whom such service or labor may be due.' This clause was
expressly inserted to enable owners of slaves to reclaim
them. This is a better security than any that now exists.
No power is given to the General Government to interpose
with respcct to the property m slaves now held by the Stares.
The taxation of this State being equal only to its repre?ent-
ation, such a tax cannot be laid as he supposes. They
cannot prevent the importation of slaves for twenty yeais;
but atter that period they can. Thegentlemen from South
Carolina and Georgia argued in this manner: 'YVchavc
now liberty to import this species of property, and much of
the property now, possessed has been purchased or other-
wise acquired in contemplation of improving it by the as-
sistance of imported slaves. What would the conse-
quence of hindering us from it? The slaves of Virginia
would rise in value, and we would be obliged to go to your
markets.' I need not expatiate on thifsubject. Great as
the evil is, a dismemberment of the Union wouid be worse.
If those ritaU'3 should disunite from the other.States, for
not including them in the temporary continuance of this
traffic, they might splicit and obtain aid irom foreign Pow-
ers."
Mr. LANDRUM. Yes, Mr. Chairman, those
were the motives that influenced the framers of
the Constitution. The several States of New Eng-
'and which, according to the testimony of Mr.
Madison, had up to that time refused to deliver up
fugitive slaves, voluntarily renounced th^ right of
prohibiting it, and voted that the slave-catcher
should have authority to enter therein, and carry
# back his slave to bondage. Do I want any better
pro-slavery men than these ? Where, sir, was this
notion of 44 a sin against God and a crime against
humanity" when they voted for that clause?
I remember another remark of the gentleman
fiom Connecticut which I know he will not apply
to his ancestors in Connecticut who voted for this
pro-slavery provision—that "evil, disguised un-
der whatever form it may be, can be productive
only of evil." He would not denounce his an-
cestors as hypocrites because they left out of the
Constitution the word ''slave;" for Mr. Roger
Sherman says that the expression was objection-
able " to ears polite," or some such expression.
Mr. Madison and Mr. Yates tell us what they
meant by the description 44 held to servicc or la-
bor." I know the gentleman would not say that
his ancestors were disguising in a particular name
4 tjftn evil, and thereby adopting it.
No, sir; slavery was a good thing; but it had a
bad name, according to the polite phraseology of
the day, and, knowing that "a rose by any other
name would smell as sweet," they changed the
term " slave " to that of a " person held to service
or labor."
But, sir, in regard to this African slave-trade
provision, it was esteemed so important that,
a'though provision was made for an amendment
to the Constitution, applying to almost every-
thing else withuwts compass, except, I believe,
t > the clause, that no State should be deprived of
her equal representation in the Senate without
her consent, this precious article of the slave-
trade clause was not to be interfered with, under
any circumstances, prior to the year 1808.
I think, Mr. Chairman, I have disposed of the
religions argument, the moral argument, the con-
science argument, derived from the lessons taught
by the example of our forefathers. Do not tell
me any more that Mr. Madison thought slavery
was an evil; because these thoughts controlled
not tho action of his public position. Do not tell
me that Washington and Jefferson were opposed
to slavery abstractly, after that; because we find
even New England men, with all their prejudices,
as good pro-slavery men as South Carolina and
Georgia wanted—for they were the only States
that made a question on this African slave trade.
Whatever future congressional protection to prop-
erty may become necessary, all that we have ever
yet asked, Mr. Chairman, is that Congress shall
not legislate at all on the question of slavery in
the Territories. But yourpatriotic forefathers did
legislate. They legislated to protect the African
slave trade. They gave permission to the citizens
of Massachusetts to enter in to.the slave trade along
with the citizens of South Carolina a^nd Georgia,
and they gave us a fugitive slave law. That is the
sort of legislation which they gave us in the Con-
stitution, which is the basis of the Government
under which we live.
There are other clauses in the Constitution, sir,
which show that this matter of slavery was not
neglected. In the apportionment of direct tax-
ation and representation, it was stipulated that
three fifths of the slaves should be represented on
this floor. They were noticed, and noticed as a
degraded class, as unequal to free men; because,
if they had been considered equal to free men,
we would have been entitled to full representation
for them on this floor. But, sir, they were treated
as a degraded class—as a class unequal to free
men. Their masters were given a representation
in this House in proportion to three fifths of their
numbers, and the direct taxation was to be as-
sessed at the same ratio on the slave States. Now,
I allude to this subject, not to show boastingly,'
as it has been said on this floor, that wc have a
slave representation here. In that very provision
of the Constitution the people of the northern
States derived all the advantages—the people of
the southern States all the loss; for no money,
scarcely, has ever been raised by direct taxation.
The money for the'support of the Government
is collected in an entirely different manner. If
taxes were assessed on that principle, by a system
of direct taxation, we would have derived some
benefit from the three-fifth provision; but, as it is,
you derive all the advantage, and we none of it.
The principle which governed the convention
in inserting that provision was the belief that this
was the proportion in which the labor of the slave
contributed to the wealth of the country, compar-
atively to that of the free man; and as, according
to the political doctrines of that day, taxation and
representation went hand in hand, and as a slave
produced only three fifths as much annual income
as a free man, their masters were only entitled to
that much representation. So it is in the electoral
college. There the slaves are enumerated in the
same proportion, and their masters are deprived
of a voice to that extent.
In that connection I want to have read the opin-
ions of a venerable gentleman, whose authority
will not be disputed upon this floor—the opinions
of Mr. John Adams. The Clerk will read fro^i
the Madison Papers, page 29.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. John Adams observed, that the numbers of people
were taken by this article as an index of the wealth of the
State, and not as subjects of taxation. Thatastothi^ mat-
ter it was of no consequence by what name you called
vour people, whether by that offieemenor ot slaves. That
In some eountues the laboring: poor were called freemen,
in others they were called slaves : but that the difference
as to the State was imaginary only. What matters it
whetheralandlord employing tenlaboiersonhisfaim gives
them nnnually as much money as will buy them the neces-
saries of hie, or gives them those neccssaues at short hand?
The ten laborers add as much wealth annually to the State,
increase its expoits as much, in the one case as the other.
Certainly five bundled freemen produce no more profits, no
greater surplus for the pay ment of taxes, than five hundred
j-lnves. Therefore the State in which arc the laborers called
freemen, should be taxed no more than that m which are
those called slaves Suppose, by any extraordinary opera-
tion of nature or of law, one half tne laborers of a State
could, in the course ot one night, be transformed mto slaves,
would the State be made the poorer, or the less able to pay
taxes? That the condition of the laboring poor inmost
countries—that of the fishermen, particularly, of the north-
ern States—is as abject as that of slaves. It Is the number
of laborers whiciunoduccs the surplus for taxation ; and
numbers, thereforafindiscriminately, are the fair index of
wealth. 'That it is the use of the worde property' here, and
it< application to some of the people of the State, which
produces the fallacy. How does the southern farmer pro-
cure slaves? Either by importation or by purchase from
iiis neighbor. If he imports a slave, he adds one to the
number of laborers in hu> country, and proportionally to its
profits and abilities to paytaxe*; if he buys from his neigh-
bor, it is only a transfer of a laborer from one farm to an-
other, which docs not change the annual produce of the
State, and therefore should not change it* tax; that if a
northern farmer works tcniaborcrs on his farm, he can, it
is true, invest the surplus of ten men's inbor in cattle; but .
so may the southern larmor working ten slaves. That a j
State of one hundred thousand freemen can maintain no j
more cattle than one of one hundred thousand slaves; there- \
fore they nave no more of that kind of property. That a j
slave may, indeed, from the custom of speech, be more j
properly called the wealth of his master, than the free la- |
borer uigat be called the wealth of his employer: but as to :
the State, both were equally its wealth, and should there-
fore equally add to the quota of its tax."
Mr. LANDRUM. If wc had a representation
on this floor, as wc ought to have, on a total pop-
ulation basis, we should have sixteen additional
members, and the same additional number in the
electoral college.
  Well, sir, the Republican party has attempted
to incorporate an additional provision into the
Constitution. Those clauses which have espe-
cially provided for African slavery it is impossi-
ble to repeal; but into those where slavery is not
mentioned, they have attempted to interpolate a
new clause. The Constitution has provided that
new States may be admitted into the Union. In
a Confederacy of one half slave States and ono
half free States, or nearly in that proportion, and
when there is a provision in the Constitution that
new States may be admitted into the Union, with-
out qualification, one would naturally suppose that
there would be no more restriction upon the ad-
mission of a slave State than upon the admission
of a free State.
Yet, sir, gentlemen on the other side propose to
construe the Constitution as if there were really
there a restrictive^clausc against the admission of
any more slave States. And when we oppose that
step they turn around and say to us that we are
the cause of all this excitement. It is they who
have caused the trouble. Like the old English
gentleman in the play, they say they arc the best-
natured men in the world if we will only give them
their own way. All they want is to be permitted
to have their own way, and then there will be no
cxcitement. Wesay tl\at,as the Confederacy con-
sisted originally of free States and slave States,
each new State, when applyingfor admission, has
the right to regulate the matter for herself. You,
gentlemen of the other side, say that, unless the new
State prohibits slavery, she shall not be admitted.
Look at another clause of the Constitution:
" The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property of the United States."
There is not a word tKere as to whether slavery
shall be tolerated in these Territories or not.
Such are the 'views, Mr. Chairman, and such
the example of our forefathers when they framed
the Constitution. I take those examples of our
forefathers, and their legislative action under it,
for my precedents. I care not what their private
opinions may have been; I want to know what
their legislative conduct was when they were act-
ing on oath, for they were men who regarded
their oaths. They were men, sir, who did not
believe that the Constitution they framed would
be contrary to the higher law, and that it would
be consistent with their oath of office to violate it.
Well, Mr. Chairman, what further was the ac-
tion of the fathers under the Constitution of the
United States. I will refer back to one memora-
ble example which goes behind that instrument.
In the treaty with the British Government it was
stipulated that the British should not carry away
any negroes or other property of the American citi-
zens. John Jay, John Adams, and Benjamin
Franklin signed that treaty; and this, sir, was the
language they used:
" The British «hall not carry away the negroes or other
property belonging to the people of the United States."
Yet we arc told that, according to the doctrine
of our forefathers, there can be no such thing as
property in man. The language I have quoted
occurs first in the preliminary articles in 1785, and
again in the treaty of peace which was signed in
1783.
Kentucky was admitted into the Union as a
slave State, without objection, on the 4th of Feb-
ruary, 1791. Now, if you had the right to exclude
Missouri because she tolerated slavery, why did
you not have the same right to exclude Ken-
tucky? Why were constitutional scruples aba^
doned in the case of Kentucky, and Virginia
given, by the detaching of Kentucky, four Sena-
tors in the Senate of the United States, instead of
two? Our forefathers—yours and mine—voted
for the admission of Kentucky as tvslave State.
It will not do to say that slavery already existed
in Kentucky; because, if slavery be a sin and a
crime and a curse, then it ought not to have been
extended by giving the slave States additional
representation and power in the Senate of the
United States.
Why, sir, if it would have been bad faith to
