436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
36tii Coxg....1st Sess.
Despotism of Slavery—Mr. Van Wyclc.
Ho. of Eeps.
It is also reported that, in Troy, Kentucky, i
New Year's day of 1859 was celebrated by bum- j
ing a slave-murderer. A conxspondent of the j
Maysville (Kentucky) E.iglu says: j
"Ho gave some ot tile most huicous screams I ever heaid \
CDmcfrom any human being.'' !
■ July 22, 1859, the daily papers of St. Louis j
published the frightful tragedy of burning a slave ;
at Marshall,Saline county, Missouri. This eon- j
tence was decreed by a mob composed of the best j
citizens of that county. j
But humanity sickens at the record of such :
brutalities, in a land professing allegiance to law, I
civilization, and religion. i
Liar arid scoundrel! Who is the man? !
Since the commencement of this session, and, I j
believe, whib the member was on a visit to his i
own State, a portion of her people chained a slave }
to the stake, and burnt him to ashes. This was j
pot done to gratify their rage against Black Repub- \
licans—although it is their wo$t to charge in-
creased hardships and enormities as a result of
slavery agitation. Neither was it to grace a bon-
fire in honor of a Representative for having man-
ifested so much spirit as to cal! a fellow-member
on the floor of the American Congress a liar and
scoundrel for merely uttering the truth; neither
was it, as has been heretofore alleged of all cases
of burning, for some outrage committed on the
white race. Nothing of all this. The chattel
only killed a chattel. Who ever heard of burn- j
ing a horse to ashes for kicking another horse to !
death. The Vicksburg Sun gives the facts quoted ;
in many southern papers. They all say: !
" The slave fled to the woods ; \va* captured by the dogs j
which were-mmediately put om his tiaek.-'5 * * i ,
* " Several highly respectable gentlemen were at the I
council winch decreed his death."" !
Crueltymore hellish than any which disgraced
an Italian prison or Spanish inquisition drove up
innocent, guiltless slaves from surrounding plan-
tations to witness the awful barbarity, and your
paper concludes:
" He died cursing !n.- judges. Tits ia>t words were that
lie would take vengeance on tbcin when they m 't each
other in Hell."
His religious training had evidently not been
neglected. He had 01 thodox notions of a here-
after; and his conceptions were somewhat clear
to his mind as to who would probably inhabit the
regions of despair. Brave, cluvainc men, re-
spectable gentlcvunini the State of Mississippi, did
thisl Did it waken any horrorin their minds or
that community ? Has any effort been made to
punish those " respectable gentlemen" for such
an outrage ?
Who is the liar and tcounJicl ?
You say outrages aie sometimes perpetrated at
the North; but where do you ibid the sentiment
of her people tolerating them' The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] acknowledged the fact
of slave-burning: yet he confesses, what I will
not charge, thai it awakened no horror in his
mind. Hear htm:
'• inicli as burning, &e., an occmteneeiarcl} ifeverhap-
pemng, and then 101 olf-n-et. shocking 10 humanity,and if
perpotiated by a white pci.-oa. hurta/i^ utul death would bo
too good lor him ; and m Mica a ca-e ilia white and black
would and ought to share a similar talc."
The gentleman says he ought not only to be
Ournt, but death should he indicted upon him.
Do you evcrpumsh the white man by burning for
murder? Hut 1 thank him lor his fiank acknowl-
edgment of the ehaige and itr- palliation. And to
his fatherly care I commend the member lrom
Mississippi—I mean the on" whose diction is so
chastcand (lega'it—to satisfy bun whetln r 1 was
a " liar and scoundrel" for pioclaiming what is
now freely admitted and boldly pistnied.
What a fearful revelation ot your own society
when such enormities aie unpunished, and even
winked at. How many 01 your papers, in mak-
ing public the shocking tale, have lisped a woid
in condemnation? A Tennessee print, after an-
nouncing the Mississippi tragedy, simply adds:
"What a moral lesion this item will be lor abolition
grindersl"
The bloody record does not stop here. On Tues-
day of last week the Washington Eta and Balti-
more Sun, and on Wednesday, the Globe, the
official organ of Congress, and the Constitution,
the organ of this Administration, contained the
following dispatch:
Cl J1 PUzrUcr Murdered ly his Slave—Lynch-Law.
"ArorsTv, June II.—A man named William Smith, a
planter in Oglethorpe county, Georgia, was murdered by
hi-M-iave on "Saturday. The .-lave was apprehended and
burnt at the stake on Monday."
The fact, then, is undisputed, your own people
burn slaves at the stake. Does itawaken any hor-
ror in their minds? The Atlanta Intelligencer,
speaking of this transaction, says:
The negio wa* doubtless demented, and Instigated by the
devil, lie i< now in eternity 110 doubt, and his fate should
be an awJul warning ro others of His color, who are unlike
ungiatcful."'
No warning or condemnation for the white
fnends who perpetrate such barbarities; he does
not tell us v/hat spirit instigated the wretches who
bring reproach upon our country, and contempt
on its institutions.
When the statement of negro burning produced
a thrill of horror m the minds of so many mem-
bers, we had a right to suppose that this feeling
would manifest itself, at least in some denuncia-
tory epithets against their own people, should
they actually commit so great a crime; but we
have looked in vain for any such indications.
And the member from Mississippi, instead of res-
cuing his State from the stigma which has been
burnt into her history, will probably content
himself with branding as a bar and scoundrel he
who repeats it. Gieat missionaiy institution,
indeed ! Jealous to civilize and Christianize the
African, while u deadens your own sensibilities
and brutalizes your own people.
Still moie: have you not seen in your respect-
able papers, weekly visitants to your own fire-
sides, to be lead by your wives and tender chil-
dren, adwuliseinenlh of the sale ofehildien of all
ages, of motheis with small childien, to be sold
together or separately, of marks of brands and
scars of the whip on runaway slaves'1 Here is
a specimen in a North Carolina paper:
"Ran away, a necrro woman and two children, A few
days hemic she went oifl burnt her with a hotiionon the
lelt Mde of her nice I ti led to make the letter M."
In a Mississippi paper:
••Ran a\v.i\. a !ie<:a> girl called Mary, The letter A is
bi and* d 0:1 rii 1 l!i> ck and k>j , head. *'
In an Alabama papei:
u Ten dollai-- rew.nd fin my wo mm Liby, very much
scarred about the ne-k ln whipping."
In a Noilh Carolina paper:
u I will give the rewaid of $100 for each of the above
negroes, to be delivered to me, 01 foi the killing of them,
so that 1 can see them."
In a South Carolina paper:
" For -ale—sevial women with children, and several
small bov - wuhout their motheis. '
I11 a Georgia paper:
u One ne<;io gnl atjout eighteen monthsold, belonging to
| an estate, loUI 101 the puipoc-e of distribution."
| In a New Orleans paper:
i " A ueuto woman with two ehildion, one eight, and the
j other thiee u-ais, will be -old together or .-eparatelv a =
| desncd. Will be >old low for cu-di, or exchanged for
1 groceries
[ In a South Carolina paper:
"Ran away, .1 i>o ro named Arthur; ha« a considerable
i! scar acro-i his hica-t and each aim, made by a knife; loves
' | to talk 111 tii h ot'the goodness of God
:! Hear that pious old patriarch trying to track
,| his human m _ixhandise. It is not enough he lias
,j maiked his bieastand arms with the knife; but,
; if that escapes a1 tenuon, the chattel can be de-
■! tected. Let the slave hunter listen: he cannot be
1] deceived. His victim loves to taik much of the
j goodness of God. Sieze the fugitive: he hascom-
| mittcd no crime, but sirze him: bear him back to
| continue ins umequited labor to stiipes and tor-
tore. lie loves to t.dk much of the goodness of
God. Why not? He has probably seen nothing
in the v.*lute Christian planter to admire; his only
consola'ion and hope is in the goodness of God,
where the unhappy may find solace and the pei-
sccuted repose, it is fair to presume these are not
j exceptional easi s, for your papers have been full
j of them. These barbarities must be in accord-
I ance with the laws and public sentiment of some
1 portions of your country. These advertisements
are sent forth under the names of respectable men
and women,published within the slmtjowof court-
houses, legislative halls, and churches.
If your institution is so godlike and divme,
and your slaves so delighted with the temporal
and spiritual benefits they enjoy, why, only a few
weeks since, did the following humane card ap-
pear in a North Carolina paper:
" Catch lain I catch him ! But liow can you catch him,
unless \ou have along the wull-tiained pack 01 negio dogs
owned by J. W. Uamiet. This pack con ist* of five bluod-
honnd< and two catch-dogs, which aic very sagacious, and
winch, oiicc on the trail, will be very apt to stait the game.
"The .-mbsenbec having piepaied himself, with consid-
erable uouble and oxp^nfe, lor ihi<s line of bu-ineris. ^ ready
at anyt.me to undertake the capture of fugitive slaves, in
tin* or anv ot the adjoining counties or States.
•" Ills rates Will b j lound 1 e.i-onablc ; and he is confident
that hi* pa-t .-ucee-s wi'i justify others 111 employing ium.
yVmong manv other namn< v\luc!i could be given, if neces-
sary, he beffs leave toreler to the following: 13. H. Bonlen,
E-q., Wilson ; Juniu= Daniel, E-q., Halifax ; R. I). Atkin-
son, Snutuiield; John Lemon and James Wnistead,
E-qs.,ot Na.-ll. j w hajilet,
Wilson, North Carolina.
Is not this a necessary consequence of your
system? It is Hamiet's trade. He has been a long
while engaged,at much trouble and expense, and
his rates will be found reasonable. This man—for
1 suppose you call lam such in North Caroline.—
garnishes his card with a cut of a black woman
fleeing from what was to her a living tonil^ and a
countsy of whited sepulehfis, where there is
So pui-c ao.11 ^uffcinu, and from toil no ic^t."
Why do your negroes run away? They never
heard of any oilier irrepressible conflict than the
Almighty wrote on the heart and carved on the
bid!!w>f the overworked fugitive. Can they read
Hi lper, or the Tubune, or the Independent?
Well-trained pack of negio doi^s, which are \ery
sagacious and wdi start theg«uie/ Is it thus you
speak of Christian men? Do we glory in the
humanizmgelTects of religion and the iibi 1 ui ideas
oft'ieedoin? Five blood-hounds and two catch-
dogs for men, women, and children, who have
committed no crime, and with whom you boast
that you will rest iu Abraham's bosom and sing
song-* of praise at the throne of the Redeemer.
N<> wonder JeiTeison, true to his manhood and
the spiut of piophcey wilhin him, trembh d lor
his country when he reflected that God was just.
Mr. Hamlet says at the South you u.nnot get
runaways without blood-hounds and (ateh-etogs.
Southern gentlemen wnl not descend to hunt ne-
groes. Yet. for the wmk you apjn opi iate to hired
spaniels ui North Carolina you went to dia^eon
the si i vies of free men 111 the North. Never,
sir, never. Furnish your marshals, at least, with
whaf may be necessat y forasouthecn siavi -hunter,
or allow the humane Hamlet the pri\ liege to open
branch ofilccs in the fieo States; but God forbid
that the heart of a single fV'-eman with the meicst
instinct for humanity should prostitute his body
in the ser\ o-e of those who, at home, pel iorm the
same labor with well-trained biood-hounds and
catch-dogs.
Hut few of your slaves can read, and the cen-
sus R'tuius show m.mv of your laboring whites
do not enjoy that puvilege. See the di spolism
you exercise over those v. ho can. A recent num-
ber of the Henderson (Texas) Times says that
there has been an excitement in that vicinity owing
to the sale there, by a book-agent, of several copies
j of the Cottage Bible, and adds:
1 '• This edition o1'the ilible \v,i< piepaie-1 for the press by
| an \bohtionist. The a^ent was rcquned to take back all
i lie < opuv he. had sold, and lc.uo lor the Noith at once."
| In tile face of multiplying facts of this kind,
| you tell us the country is fiee, and that slavei y is
' a gf\a missionary instituuon—a giand hunnmi-
| tartan fact.
I Ah'ii who are reared amidst scenes of cmeity
I are entitled to some consideration from the habits
! of hie. Jefferson felt the force of this when he
I said:
t "Our children see tin-*, and leam to imitate it. The
' patent loi'ii;-; the eh.id look.- on, catches the Imeamf nt->
! ot Wiar'i. put • mi !!!*> «uik' a-iJ in t! e fir!" of '•mailer
' -lave-.<iiv 's a loo^e loin to thewoist of pa-^ions.and thus
j mused, educated, and dailj e.\eieised 111 twumi.w cannot
i but b.- -t.nuped b\ it with oi'iotn peeuhai itie.- '1 lis- man
j ma-l bo a prodiuy who can ie?am his m.umeis and morals
j undepraved by such cn-cinn tanees."
J " .Sciatcii tiie green rani of thesaphns.or wantonly twnt
j it in the s-oil, the unailed and eiookcd oak will tell ot thee
I lor centime; to coni"-"
Does not this very system blunt the finer feel-
ings of a generous manhood'5 Need I go any
further than to point to your conduct on this floor,
when those who assume great superiority in
