"858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
■ The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from NewYork, that tlie
second resolution be laid upon the tabic.
A message in writing from the President of the
United States was received by the hands of his
Private Secretary, Mr. James Buchanan.
Mr. CLEMENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The House will now pro-
ceed to the execution of the special order of the
House, which is the election of a Printer.
Mr. JfASKIN. I wish to submit a report,
•which I am instructed to make by the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
report cannot be received.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to apriv-
ileged question. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The motion is always in order.
Mr. HASKIN, The Committee on Public.
Expenditures was authorized by the House to
report at any time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw
my motion to let the gentleman from New York
submit his report.
The SPEAKER. If it be as stated by the gen-
tleman from New York, then he has aright to
submit his report.
Mr. BURNE'TT. What committee is it ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Public
Expenditures.
Mr. HASKIN. It is a standing cofnmittee.
A resolution was adopted by the House author-
izing the Committee on Public Expenditures to
send for persons and papers, and to report at any
time.
The SPEAKER. The resolution authorizing
the committee to report at any time will bo read.
Mr. HASKIN. I will read it myself. Itisas
follows:
"On motion of Mr. Hoa.h:d, it was
" Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be instructed to inquire into the expense of printing for the
nou.se of Rep esentatives, and to report at an eaily day
such modification of the rates paid as public justice and a
due regard for rigid economy in public expenses shall dic-
tate; and that they have power to examine witnesses, with
leave to report at any tunc."
The Committee on Public Expenditures have
instructed me, their chairman, to make the report
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, Tim the select committee, to which wa* re-
ferred the subject of the printing expenses of the House
of Representatives, hand over to the Committee on Public
Expenditures the books and papers? and such evidence ax
they may have taken relating to said subject, and be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. HASKIN. I call for the adoption of that
resolution, upon which I will call for the previous
question. I desire to state that, on the day the
Speaker announced the standing committees of
this House, the resolution which I read referring
this subject 
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman to
order. He has called for the previous question;
and I object to debate, unless he will permit other
gentlemen to sneak to his resolution.
Mr. HASKIN. I do not call the previous ques-
tion now; I only propose to call it when I have
finished a brief explanation why I report the res-
olution now before the House.
Mr. Speaker, on the day you announced the
standing committees of this Blouse, the resolution
I have read, referring the subject of public print-
ing to the Committee on Public Expenditures, of
which I am chairman, was adopted. That com-
mittee have met, and have proceeded to take action
on the subject. Subsequently to the adoption of
that resolution, a select committee was moved, I
understand, by tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] which committee was created and i
appointed. I understand that they have met, but
that they have done nothing on the subjectwhich
was referred to them. I want to say to the House,
thus early in the session, that the custom of ap-
pointing select committees where there are stand-
ing committees willing and anxious to discharge
the duties devolving upon them, is, in my judg-
ment, improper, and one that ought to be done
away with.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is right, and I heartily
agree with the gentleman.
Mr. HASKIN. I will say, Mr. Speaker, in
addition, that this subject of public printing was
examined, fully examined, at the last session of
Congress by a select committee of which, I think,
Mr. Taylor, of New York, was chairman. The
proceedings of that committee cover three hundred
and seventy pages in the Executive Documents of
this House. Now the regular standing commit-
tee is ready and willing, even anxious, to proceed
with this matter, and in the judgment of that com-
mittee, and in my judgment, a select committee is
entirely unnecessary for the discharge of the same
duties. There may be a conflict of jurisdiction
between them, and I, therefore, have been in-
structed to submit the report which has been read
at the Clerk's desk. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his coll for the previous question.
Mr. HASKIN. I will; and I yield to the gen-
tleman to hear what he has to say.
Mr. GROW. I wish to say, that I did not
offer a resolution for a select committee. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] moved that
the House proceed to the election of a Printer,
which was accompanied with a resolution which
was passed at the beginning of the last Congress.
Under that resolution, a select committee was ap-
pointed, of which lam chairman. I perceive how
the gentleman has fallen into his mistake. It is
of no consequence, except for me to state the fact.
That committee, however, has met and taken
action to proceed with the examination of this
subject that was presented to them. Now, sir,'
whatever disposition the House may make of the
resolution is a matter of indifference to me. I am
not particularly anxious for the labor, but if the
House choose to devolve it upon that select com-
mittee, all I can say is, that we wili endeavor
faithfully to discharge it.
Mr. HASKIN. I desire simply to say, on this
subject," that wo should establish a rule, early in j
this session, of giving the regular standing com-
mittees of this House duties to discharge which
are appropriate t® them, and not appointing se-
lect committees to do duties which these standing
committees are willing to undertake. The select
committee appointed at the last session, and which
cost ten or fifteen thousand dollars, was, in my
judgment, unnecessary.
Mr. GROW. I forgot to say what I intended
on that subject. The select committee of the last
Congress met, and for three months devoted a
good deal of their time to the subject of the public
printing.
I do not understand what the gentleman means
by saying that that committee cost the Govern-
ment the sum he stated, for the committee was not
authorized to send for persons and papers; no
witnesses were pciid, and the only expense in-
curred was for printing the report of the commit-
tee, and that certainly could not have cost the
amount stated. The report of that select com-
ntittee failed to be acted upon by the House, for
the reason that the committee had not the power
to report at any time, and it was never reached
in the call of committees. Just before the close
of the session, Mr. Taylor, of New York, by
unanimous consent, got m his report, which was
ordered to be printed.
That committee, sir, devoted as much time and
labor to that subject as the other duties of its
members would permit. I believe the gentleman
from Virginia and myself are the only members
of this Congress who were members of ihatcom-
mittee. We thought that we had accomplished !
considerable in the way of reform in the public |
printing, but for the reason that I have stated, the j
committee was not able to report in time for action I
of the House. j
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman must refer to !
a different committee from the one I have referred
to.
Mr. GROAV. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
There was a select committee on corruptions in
the public printing. I refer to the select commit-
tee on the mode of the public piintmg.
Mr. HASKI'N. The committee referred to had
for chairman Mr.Taylor, ofNewYork, and the
resolution creating it authorized it to send fer per-
sons and papers. It examined some fifty or sixty
witnesses, who came from all parts of tne Union.
I know that it cost the Government at least ten
thousand dollars.
The chairman of the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures and the members of that committee
generally are anxious to take up the evidence ad-
duced before the committee of the last session,
and to take up the bill that committee reported
and to report it to the House, with the amend-
ments that may suggest themselves to our ap-
proval. I read that bill last night, and I believe
it is an able one. My object simply is to have the
standingcommittees of this House discharge their
legitimate duties, and not that select committees
shall be appointed to discharge those duties, for I
think they are unnecessary.
Mr. HOUSTON. In order that I may under-
stand precisely the question before the House, I
will ask whether it is true that a subject which has
been referred to one of the standing committees
has subsequently been referred to a select com-
mittee, which select committee is authorized to
send for persons and papers ?
Mr. GROW. That is a mistake I want to cor-
rect. It is not the fact.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the statement of the
gentleman from New York; and, if it is true, it
seems to me that there is no necessity for a ref-
erence a second time. While I believe that the
subject-matter in dispute ought to have gone to
the Committee on Printing—for I believe that to
be the correct committee to examine into this
matter—yet, as it has been sent to a standing com-
mittee, I sec no use in continuing the first com-
mittee.
Mr. GROW. I wish simply to show to tne
House the powers conferred upon the two com-
mittees. The committee of which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haskix] is chairman, is
authorized, by the resolution, to inquire into the
expense of printing for the House of Represent-
atives, and to report, at any time, any change they
may think advisable. While that is the power
of that committee, you conferred upon the select
committee the power to inquiie into the printing
of every department of the Government, both
branches of Congress, together with the binding,
engraving, and all subjects pertaining to the print-
ing, and which the Government pays for. That
committee, however, is not authorized to send for
persons and papers, and we do not propose to do
it. But we do propose to inquire into this whole
subject of printing, engraving, and binding, for the
two branches of Congress, and for all the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government. The com-
mittee of which the gentleman from New York is
chairman has no such authouty or power.
Mr. HOUSTON. It occurs to me that the
whole subject ought to go to the one committee
or the other, in order that they may make a com-
prehensive report, and present to the House some
plan, accompanied by a bill, by which we may
make some saving in this branch of our expend-
itures, and make such economical reform as may
be considered necessary.
_ Air. HASKIN. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. GROW. I ask that the resolution of the
House appointing the select committee may be
read.
Objection was made.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to hear the resolu-
tion read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CURTIS demanded tellers.
•Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noell and
Hoard were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 92, noes 31.
Mr. GROW demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote by
