1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Subject which has been so thoroughly discussed
as the tariff, that I rise to address yon-
But, sit, while I do not hope to add to the ar-
ray of facts and arguments which have been urg#(
on this side of the House, I cannot permit the
question now before the committee to be finally
disposed of, without expressing my earnest, cor-
dial, and sincere desire that the bill, as reported,
may prevail by such a majority as will leave no
doubt in the mind of the country as to the posi-
tion which, in this Chamber at least, we occupy
in regard to it.
On this subject of a tariff, Mr.'Chairman, I
feel that I have, if I may so say, a special mis-
sion to speak.
The whole of my active life has been passed in
pursuits which have brought me in direct contact
with its workings. I have been compelled to study
its principles, because I have been largely inter-
ested in its effects. My own affairs have been so
intimately associated with it that they could not
be separated from it; and the consequences that
have-flowed from changes in the revenue policy of
the country have been felt by me in the most sens-
itive part of every man's external relations—my
nnanftes. In what I have to say, therefore,.my
utterances, though not designed to be oracular, are
the result of an experience which leaves on my
own mind, at least, not the slightest doubt of their
truth.
Mr. Chairman, in an extended Confederacy
like ours, increasing,every addiUjpnal session, by
the admission of new States, it is natural there
should be a diversity of opinion in regard to the
policy of legislation affecting the interests of the
citizens of such States. Statesmen of eminence,
representing the local interest of their particular
section, have widely differed in regard to the
policy of the revenue laws. At one time, whilst
the master spirit of South Carolina was advo-
cating and defending the protective policy with
his accustomed zeal, he was opposed by the intel-
lectual giant of NewEngland with all his ability
and experience. After the lapse of a few years
these two distinguished statesmen were found
transposed from the positions they then occupied;
and Mr. Calhoun, whose candor and honesty no
man can impugn, was threatening to nullify and
dissolve the Union in 1833, because Congress had
determined to pursue the very policy he had, six-
teen years before, so forcibly and eloquently sus-
tained. Conceding to others that independence of
judgment and action I claim for myself, let us ex-
ammo, for one n$>ment, the action and policy of
the present Administration in reference to the dif-
ferent systems of collecting revenue.
The Jacksonian Democracy told us they were
in favor of a " wise and judicious tariff for pro-
tection;" whilst the Buchanan Democracy of the
present (lay assert they are in favor of a tariff for
revenue, giving incidental protection; and the
Cobb Democracy elaborately attempt to show the
fallacy and unconstitutionality of the President's
views, and advocate, with much zeal, an exclu-
sive revenue tariff. The terms used to describe
the degree of protection are relative ones—" wise
and judicious and incidental"—meaning all that
any reasonable man can expect or desire, or noth-
ing at all, depending upon the construction and
locality of the man who utters them. A distin-
guished statesman has said that language was
designed to conceal our thoughts and opinions;
but we must not deceive ourselves in the belief
that by the use of such language we arc mislead-
ing intelligent, educated men , or practical mechan-
ics. The subject is too well understood, and the
tricks of political demagogues in the presidential
election of 1844 are too well remembered.
The principles and effects of a revenue and pro-
tective tariff are so different and antagonistic in
their character, that the policy which best pro-
motes the one almost entirely destroys the other;
and no so-called revenue tariff bill ever passed
by Congress but excepts the most important arti-
cles of revenue. If the Administration desire to
pass a revenue tariff, which they so ardently pro-
fess, why do they not propose a tax on tea and
coffee? for, as neither of these articles has been
successfully cultivated in this country, whatever
revenue could be collected upon them which did
not prevent their use would be exclusively for
revenue. The consumption of these articles has
become so common and universal with all classes,
rich and poor, that such a tariff would be unpop-
ular; and therefore-, political demagogues, who
control the Democratic party, abandon the reve-
nue policy, by admitting tea anil coffee free of
duty, and thus afford incidental—as it is called,
but more properly speaking, political—protection
to manufactured articles.
The able Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Cobb,
in his report of 1857-58, argues with much earn-
estness and apparent sincerity to prove the fal-
lacy and unconstitutionality of specific duties,
which the President had recommended in his mes-
sage of the same year; accusing him by impli-
cation, if not in direct terms, of recommending a
violation of the Constitution. The Secretary con-
tends that the revenue is the only principle upon
which a tariff can be justified,oris constitutional;
yet, as I have previously stated, he does not rec-
ommend any duty upon tea and coffee, the two
articles from which the greatest amount of reve-
nue could be collected. This inconsistency and
conflict between his arguments and recommenda-
tions should not occasion any surprise, because
the principles of the great national Democratic
party, as it is called, but, more properly speak-
ing, the sectional slave oligarchy, is controlled
by the same logic. What is their interest is al-
ways constitutional, and what opposes them is
unconstitutional, and a violation sufficient to just-
ify them in threatening to " tear down the pillars
of our temples and scatter the fragments to the
winds." Disregarding all such flimsy and hyper-
critical objections to the protective policy, as in-
sincere and unsound in essence and in fact, and
believing that this country possesses within its
own borders all the crude material necessary to
make us independent of any nation in the world,
I believe it to be the duty of Congress to grant
such a system of protection, that all persons pos-
sessing the art and experience necessary to pursue
any business would be justified in investing their
capital and taldhts in its pursuit.
Political economists tell us that labor is the
source of all wealth; and that the man who makes
two blades of grass grow where but one grew
before, is a public benefactor. Now, I contend
that when a man is willing to invest his entire
fortune and credit in the manufacture of any ne-
cessity of life, where, as in thousands of cases,
this country possesses all the natural advantages
of the most favored nations of the Old World,
it should be the policy, yea, it is the imperative
duty of Congress, to afford all such persons suf-
ficient legislative p#tection to enable them to
manufacture such goods in competition with the
foreign manufacturer. This cannot be done by
a " wise and judicious tariff, "or a " revenue tariff
affording incidental or accidental protection." It
can only be secured by a protective tariff for the
sake and for the purpose of protection.
The history of every protective tariff since the
Government was established, without exception,
proves the fact that, before five years—yes, before
one—the home competition, a natural and healthy
rivalry resulting from such protection, will reduce
the market value of protected articles to a low
and regular standard; much lower, indeed, than,
previous to such a policy, had been the ruling
prices of imported articles of the same quality.
It is useless to mention or particularize the nu-
merous articles which sustain this position; but I
will simply allude to the articles of glass and cut
nails—the latter of which, under the tariff of 1842,
were protected byaduty of three cents perpound,
and which, according to the theory* of distin-
guished advocates of free trade, would advance
the price as much as the duty levied; when, in
reality, the natural superiority of American iron
to the English, and the scarcity of a home market
to the manufacturers, induced such competition-
that, in a short period, the price was reduced to
three and a quarter cents per pound, only one
quarter of a cent more than the duty, showing
conclusively the fallacy of their arguments and
predictions.
The advocates of southern policy, although
professing a desire to develop the material great-
ness of our industrial interests, contend that the
manufacturers of this country need no protection,
M|d that their supposed necessities are caused by
their extravagance and mismanagement. It is a
common error with theorists, to satisfy their own
minds that they know the cause of the manufac-
turer's troubles better than he does himself; and
they condemn him for doing what, under the same
circumstances, they would have done themselves.
Sir, among the many causes that produce the
greatest amount of distressand permanent embar-
rassment with manufacturers, is the increased cost
of their machinery over their calculations.
This contingency is the natural result of man's
fallibility and sanguine character; and %vhen, as
in a majority of cases, a manufacturer has ex-
hausted his means before his machinery is half
completed, and in that condition of course worth-
less, he is compelled to go forward or lose all;
and is thus drawn into difficulties from which a
lifetime only can extricate him. He finds, like
all who have preceded him, that the cost of his
goods is enhanced by the increased cost of his
machinery, and that he cannot afford to sell as
cheap as lie anticipated when he commenced. He
begins now to realize, for the first time, the fact
that his fortune is invested in machinery that
earns no interest, and is worthless unemployed.
After this difficulty is overcome by investing d ouble
the amount of capital, he finds another of far
greater embarrassment, for the reason that it can-
not be remedied; and that is, the difference in the
cost of capital and labor between this country and
his European competitor.
The amount of capital necessary to conduct
successfully an establishment capable of finishing
ten thousand tons of railroad iron per year from
the ore would be at least three hundred thousand
dollars, costing in Europe three per centum per
annum; while m this country the legal rate is six
per centum, and ordinary business rates are much .
greater—in a majority of cases equal to ten or
twelve per centum; thus making a difference,un-
der the most favorable circumstances, of three to
seven per centum per annum upon the .entire
amount of capital employed. This difference of
fifty per centum in the cost of capital alone, cal-
culating it at the rate of legal interest, is $9,000
per year; and if the comparison is made upon the
rate generally paid by manufacturers in this coun-
try, it will make a difference of over twenty thou-
sand dollars per year in favor of the English or
foreign manufacturers.
The next important item of cost in manufac-
turing is the price of labor; which, according to
the best American and European authorities, is at
least eighty per cent, of the value of the finished
iron.
One of the largest iron manufacturers in this
country says that English iron can be made
cheaper than American; not because less labor is
required, but because that labor "costs less than
one third as much." Other manufacturers of
equal experience estimate the cost of English la-
bor "at less than one half;" but supposing it is
one third less than the cost of the same labor
in this country, and calculating it at eighty per
cent., the proportion of labor to the value of a ton
of iron, the difference in favor of the English
maker would be more than thirteen dollars per
ton; which amount, added to the extra cost of
capital, would far exceed the amount reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means in the bill
now under consideration.
Mr. Chairman, having shown that the cost of
capital and labor in this country is more than
fifty per cent, greater than the foreign or cheap
labor of Europe,Jiow can the advocates of free
trade expect that the manufacturers of this coun-
try can compete successfully with the foreign,
unless the cost of labor and capital is reduced ac-
cordingly? In the language of the ministerial
representative of the French Emperor:
" To preach free trade to a country which docs not enjoy
all these advantage*', is nearly as equitable as to propofaeto
a child to contend with a grown man."
Sir, if the manufacturers of this country are
compelled, under the influence of the southern
free-trade policy of the present Democracy, to com-
pete with English labor and capital, it is very clear
that the laborer must take less wages. He must,
like the English operative, cat less meat, and use
inferior food, and deprive his family of those com-
forts which make home contented and happy.
His wife must share his daily labor, and his chil-
dren must be impris'oncd in a cotton factory in-
stead of going to school, and he and his must
finally become as insensible to tlie refinements of
life as the machinery he guides. Sir, the system
of free trade ignores the dignity of labor. It pro-
poses to reduce the wages of labor down to the
low rates of old manufacturing cities. It assumes
