438
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Com... 1st Sess.
Despot-ism of Slavery-—Mr. Van Wyck.
[June 16,
Ho. of Rem. "
slavery you retain this as a relic of a dark and bar-
barous age. Tnese, with polygamy, made a
strange triplet with which to adorn the brow of
American civilization and the Christian religion.
You seek a cause for battle in a transaction where
it would require a microscopic intellect to discover
it, and then, to vindicate honor, commence steal-
ing away from the sight of men; disregard the
laws you arc bound to obey; avoid the officers of
justice, seek a retreat in the gray of the morning
or murky twilight, to establish bravery by vio-
lating the laws of God and man. This you call
chivalry; and you say a man is a coward whore-
fuses to violate the duty of a citizen, the oath ofa
legislator, and the honor of a man.
How often do the decisions of your tribunal
end in farce or tragedy! You have the ordinary
feelings of mankind. Does the wife, as she fol-
lows to the tomb her murdered husband, feel that
his honor has been vindicated, especially if he be
the innocent and aggrieved party? What matter
to her or him whether his spirit was sent into
eternity from the point of the glittering bowie-
knife or crushed through the hour-glass tff time
by the cruel and inhuman bullet ? Will weeping
children, mourningafather slam,admire ins bra-
very and exult m his fall? The folly of your
code is manifested by the farcical part of the play,
when two men, not exactly knowing and pos-
sibly not caring, who is the aggressor, within
shooting distance, deliberately aim at each other,
when for some cause the eye becomes sightless,
the arm nerveless, the aim purposeless, and the
ball goes whizzing through the air, or buries itself
in the earth. Each breathes freer, expresses great
gratitude for a safe deliverance; they embrace one
another, declare that honor is vindicated, vow eter-
nal friendship, and resolve each other brave. On
some occasions you arm yourselves with a sur-
geon, to defeat the object of the expedition, by
endeavoring to save lift after an attempt to take it.
Bravery does not consist m u reckless disregard
of your own life, or a wanton attack upon an-
other's. You claim to be men of a religious na-
ture, and have i ead the history of Peter. 'In these
days probably he would have made a great duel-
ist. When he seized the sword and smote the
servant of the high, priest, his Master rebuked
him. No doubt you would call Peter valiant: but
mark, when honor required him to discharge his
duty by adhering to Christ, he followed afar oil',
suddenly became chilly, for his heart was cold,
stopped at the fire to warm, and in answer to the
nerving maid, denied his master thrice. Then
Peter lacked the courage whieh we believe forms
the foundation and element of true manhood.
Does your system of slavery lequire supports
of such a nature? Will discussion, truth, and
honest expression of opinion, shatter the huge
fabric from center to circumference r Do you
stand trembling like a leed shaken by the wind
at each attack ? Like the man who has committed
a great wiong, are you feanng even the zephyr
which floats a leaf, or the rustling of the most dis-
tant footfall ? If your system rests on the found-
ation you claim, step boldly out with the weapons
of truth and defy the assaults of time. It will be
more firmly established by wind and wave. Such
is the result of all institutions founded in God and
truth. I can well understand why it is dangerous
to allow a lighted candle near an open powder
magazine-, but if your position is so impregnable,
why should you dread so fearful an explosion
from the circulation of tiic spaiks of free thought
near your magazine of slavery.
You upbraid the North because free labor has
increased its population, developed the resources
of the soil, and made it great in manufactures and
commerce. Take not, tuerefore, we beseech you,
with the advancing columnsof civilization on the
prairies of the West, the sinuous foun of your
dark institution, for it will till the atmostphere
with pestilence and death, like the monster ser-
pent which once impeded the march and thinned
the ranks of the Roman tinny.
Your policy is producing conflicts with the na-
tive Indian, so you may laise regiments, annihi-
late them, aud take the little of territory the cu-
pidity of the white man has left. Already we are
forcing them over the dark mountain from which
they can see the setting sun of their destiny, and
soon they will hear the roar of the last wave that
will settle over them -forever.
You profess devotion to the Constitution of your
country, which guaranties the right of thought
and speech, and that it never shall be abridged.
Whatis that right worth to thefieemen of the .North
in fifteen States of the Union? Some of you vainly
imagine that because the Capitol stands on slave
soil, and is surrounded by the hosts of an ai istoc-
racy which Mr. Pollard so graphically portrays,
freemen must be abridged of that right even here.
That never can be done. You can never smother
free thought and free speech*in this Capitol—
never. You say we have a right to speak; pre-
cisely, and without risk of insolence and violence,
if we say nothing displeasing to yoursystem. So
was Tell free, if he would bow to the cap of the
tyrant; so was Bruce, of Bannoekbuin, if he would
lay haimtess in his lair; so was Hampden, if he
would pay the ship money; so were Adams and
Henry, if they would yield the pence on tea, and
so you say are we. Ypu miy strike down the
eloquent and intrepid orator, as you have here-
tofore done; that will only strengthen the right,
and manifest the impotence of your endeavor. By
violence yon may palsy the brain and silence tiie
tongue for a time. It will be only taking a leaf
from the forest, picking a sand from the shore, or
gathering a ripple on the broad ocean. The ad-
vocates of truth, the hosts of freedom, will move
on undismayed. The question is already beyond
the dark whirlpool of African slavery. It has
resolved itself into a problem, not whether the
African shall be longer enslaved, but shall the
white man remain free5 Shall I and my associates
exercise on this floor the same rights which you
claim and enjoy? You boldly, and without in-
terruption, proclaim your opinions, however re-
volting to the sentiment of the civilized world.
You can vilify the memory and acts of the found-
ers of the Republic; you can stigmatize the laws
against the slave trade as a foul blot, and demand
their repeal; you may ask, in a defiant manner,
what glory of arms illustrates our escutcheon. But
I when we icply to your taunts, and proclaim our
i sentiments, we are met with your reckless threats,
1 your senseless bravado. " Upon what meat do
these our Ctesars feed, that they have grown so
great'"1
It will be of service for you to learn that your
plantation manners are better suited to a more
southern latitude, where the higher type of civil-
ization prevails in a more peifect state, and the
standard of courtesies among gentlemen require
a keener appreciation of high-toned honor. Learn
now, for it may save you some chagrin, that north-
ern men and principles are not to be entered upon
your inventory of personal property. Your mad
ambition now seeks to grasp the empire of the
mind and soul. On this floor, at least, by the Con- I
stitution of my country and the natural rights of ;
man, I claim to be your peer. Your corrupt Ad- i
ministration, as appears from the evidence lately i
taken before the Senate investigating committee, j
in 1858 sent money into my congressional dis- ;
tricttocompassmy defeat. 1 despised your money |
then as 1 defy your threats and vengeance now. :
Democratic though that district be, it is its boast J
that it has never been disgraced by a Represent- I
ative who ever voted to extend that institution I
which drives from the sod its verdure. You little :
understand the integrity of the heart of that De- ;
mocracy, if you suppose its suffrages could be ;
bought with gold, or their Representative intimi- !
dated by threats.
By your profligacy and extortionate demands, 1
you are arousing the democratic masses through- !
out the whole ISorth. They have determined that ,
hereafter, m your exactions, when you demand j
the pound of iiesh, you shall take no blood. Like t
Cadmus, you have sown the dragon's teeth. If :
the rushing tide has heretofore overwhelmed you, !
how can you withstand the foam-crested billows '
your own' folly has lashed into fury? " If thou
hast i an with the footmen, and they have wearied
thet, how, then, shalt thou contend with horses'
\ ou have forced us into such a position that re- !
treat would be dishonor. We are already in 4' the j
path of the vineyard." The walls of mountain i
are on either hand; the Red sea hes before us; and, '
like the hosts of Pharoah, you press our rear, and
the spirit of truth and duty bid us go forward.
While despising pecuniary considerations in
others, you ask us to shape with you our senti-
ments on great social, political, and moral ques-
j tions, by the standaid of doilais anu cents. No
, uidttei whether buivcry be right or wrong, where
| ever it is profitable there it must go. This is your
| " ultima thulc." You apologize for your fathers
I laving the foundations of the Republic broad and
j deep on the principles of universal freedom, be-
| cause they did not conceive of the gr« at value of
' cotton and the influence it would have on the
i commerce of the world. Like the little, pious sil-
versmith, who made images for (he worship of
: Diana, when the commercial relations of his trade
, was disturbed by the Apostles, railed at Saul, to
i aid his decaying fortunes and appear religious
; withal, he shouted, " Great is Dianaof the Ephe-
! sains I53 In the same spirit you are manufactur-
; ing images of the great God for sale like beasts
of burden; and when truth is interfiling with the
I markets of your chatteiized humanity, you too
; rail, and with the same zeal shout " Uieat is
: Diana of the Ephesians !"
j Why do you ask for more? Vice President
; Breckinridge, in Kentucky, was exultant at the ad*
1 vance slavery had made m the last ten years; that
I you not only had the Senate and the Executive,
i but the Supreme Court had finally suin^idered
i to your demands. Although you have achieved
so much over us, wc propose no harsh results,
j Though you should do more—have enacted your
! slave code, elect your most violent, fire-eating
slave-trade advocate as President, spread the dark
! folds of your institution over the tree piams of the
i West, yet, like the true mother belore Solomon,
j though deprived of our rights, we ask that the
| object of our love be not sacrificed.
; We may be overborne in this struggle. The
table of the law our fathers gave us you may break
: m pieces. We can at least stand as did the sol-
i diers of Cromwell at Blackheath—gumd in the
1 contemplation of a victorious past, lor they had
j dethroned England's king and hewed the royal
I throne to a block, yet mournful in the heartless
j and glittering pageantry of returning oppression,
i We contemplate no such gloomy future.
! Standing upon the principles your lathers taught
{ us, we will go forward, though there should bo
: wild beasts at Ephesus; we desire no weapons
] but the shepherd's sung and the simple stone of
: truth, and it will, in the end. brain the Gohah of
your system, though aimed with a spear and staff
like a weaver's beam. The bow of justice, though
1 drawn at a venture, will pierce many joints in the
j harness. The light of the great sou of truth you
j can never eclipse. You may now and then in
j prison walls hide the countenances of those who
; bask in its light, but you cannot stop hisievolu-
I Uon in the Heavens or darken his countenance.
| In the end reason must prevail; it is the stone
; which will break the image. You have been re-
| monstrated and warned by the prophets of the
early time. Jefleison, speaking ot the slaves,
: said, " nothing is more ceitainly written in the
1 book of fate than that these people are to be
free.;'
It is said that, from the operation of climate,
or Anglo Saxon blood, the Ethiopian is already
changing the color of his skin, and, in time, will
remove the spots from the leopard at his throat.
When the sable hue* pales into the brown, the
olive, the white; when you advertise your chat-
tels, which you have done, as being likely to pass
themselves for white men, then you must expect
the path of freedom will be trod by your slaves
with a firm and steady step.
"No longer muffled to wln-per curses to the night;
Where wrath lies chained, and judgments sleep."
No literary publications or political arguments
then will be of any avail to provoke or restrain the
"irrepressible conflict." Jefferson said:
'''The Almighty has no attribute which can take sides
with us in such a contest.*"
Then will they triumphantly sing those words
sacred to poetry and freedom:
Oil liberty, can man resign thee,
Once having fell th\ geueroiu flame?
Can dungeon bolts and bars eoatine tiiee^
Or wmp thy noble .-pints tame?
Like bea*ti of burden would they load ijs,
Jjik" gods would bid their slaves adore ;
Hut man is man, and who is mnie ?
Then shall they loiter lush and goad us r"
Jefferson said it was for you to determine
whether these people should be free by the gen-
erous energies of your own minds, or the bloody
process of a St. Domingo.
