.860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. j
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Public j
Lands, to whom wag referred the joint resolution |
(S. No. 2) removing the restrictions upon a eer- j
tain grant of five sections of land to the State of
Iowa, reported it with amendment.
Mr.THOMSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to wliom was referred the petition of John
C. Carter, a lieutenant in the Navy,prayingtobe
allowed the balance of an appropriation made by
the act for his relief, passed February 18, 1855,
submitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. No. 15) for the relief of John C. Car-
tel*. The joint resolution was read and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Henry Hobbs, praying the enactment of a law
}o authorize him to locate a land warrant, submit-
ted a report accompanied by abill (S. No. 199) to
authorize the location of certain warrants for
bounty land heretofore issued. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of F.
M. Ghmriell, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
prayingcompensation for extraordinary expenses
incurred in the discharge of his dutyin California,
reported a bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of P. M.
Gunucll, a passed assistant surgeon in the Navy,
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
report of the Secretary of War, communicating,
in obedience to law, statements showing the con-
tracts made under the authority of the War De-
partment, during the year 1859, reported in favor
;; of printing the report; which was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred three
petition's of citizens and residents of the District
of Columbia, praying the incorporation of the
Washington and Georgetown Passenger Railway
Company; four petitions of residents of Wash-
ington and the District of Columbia in relation to
the construction of railroads in Washington city;
and a petition of Edwin Green and others, citi-
zens of Washington, praying for the grant of a
charter to an association of the citizens of Wash-
ington, for making a passenger railway from the
navy-yard to Georgetown, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of the trustees of the public
schools of the city of Washington, praying for a
patent for part of lot fourteen m square two hun-
dred and eighty-three in that city, reported a bill
(S. No. 200) directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of Wash-
ington city; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Healso, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of Richard Wallach, George j
^others, asking the privilege of con- !
Btructingpassenger railways through the principal ■
streets and avenues of the cities of Washington ,
andGeorgetown, submitted a report, accompanied 1
by a bill (S. No. 201) in relation to a railway |
along Pennsylvania avenue, and other avenues I
and streets in the cities of Washington and George- j
town, in the District of Columbia. The bill was i
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re- ;
port was ordered to be printed. !
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims, j
to whom was referred a bill reported from the
Court of Claims for the relief of George Ashley,
administrator de bonis non of Samuel Holgate, tie- 1
ceased, with the opinion of the court in favor of
the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 204) without \
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a I:
second reading. 11
He also, from the same committee, to whom !
was referred a bill reported from the Court of I
Claims, for the relief of Otway JI. Berrynian and ■'
others, with the opinion of the court in favor of ,;
tlie claim, reported the bill (S. No. 205) without I
amendment. The bill was read, and passed to a '
second reading. ' ;
He also, from the same committee, to whom |l
was referred a bill reported from the Court of i'
Claims, for the relief of Emiiie G. Jones, execu- S|
trix of Thomas P. Jones, deceased, with the opin-
ion of the court in favor of the claim, reported the
bill (S. No. 20G) without amendment. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of James L. Edwards, ad-
ministrator of Thomas R. Gedney, deceased, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim,
reported the bill (S. No. 207) without amend-
ment. The bill was read, and passed to a second
cading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Lydia Frazee, widow and
administratrix of John Frazee, late of the city of
New York, with the opinion of the court in favor
of the claim, reported the bill (S. No. 208) with-
out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Thomas Allen, with the
opinion of the court in favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 209) without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Augustus H. Evans, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim, re-
ported the bill (S. No. 210) without amendment.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of William Geigcr, with the
opinion of the court in favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 211) without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to wliom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Nancy M. Johnson, ad-
ministratrix of Walter R. Johnson, deceased, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim, re-
ported the bill (S. No. 212) without amendment.
The bill was read, and passed to a second rcad-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of James Crooks, with the
opinion of the court in favor of the claim, reported
the bill (S. No. 213) without amendment. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill reported from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Mariano G. Vallejo, with
the opinion of the court in favor of the claim, re-
ported the bill (S. No. 214) without amendment.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading.
ASSIGNEES OF LAND WARRANTS. '
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 197) m re-
lation to the assignees of bounty land warrants,
have instructed me to report the same back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage. The
bill contains a single provision in about six lines.
It is important to the General Land OfBce to pass
it at ones, and unless some Senator demands an
explanation, I will ask that it be put upon its
passage now.
Mr. BROWN. If it is not going to give rise
to any debate, I shall not object to it; Dut if it
does, I shall object to its consideration.
Mr, PUGH. If any Senator objects to it, it
can go over. * !
There being no objection, the Senate, as m I
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider :
the bill; which directs that, from and after the 1st j
day of October next, no assignee of bounty land I
warrants, under any general acts now in force, I
shall be allowed to present the same for location i
or entry of lands at the General Land Office in ]
Washington city; but the widow or minor chil- I
dren of any officer or soldier to whom a warrant |
has been, or may be, issued in his lifetime, is not j
to be deemed an assignee of such warrant within !
the meaning of this act. I
The bill was reported to the Senate without '
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a third !
reading, read the third time, and passed j
CLAIMS AGAINST PERU. I
Mr. HALE. A day or two ago, I presented a i
resolution of inquiry, which, at the suggestion of il
] the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rcla-
f tions, was laid over until to-day. He objected to
I it on the ground that a communication was ex-
i pected from the President covering the informa-
I tion. I have since seen him, and ascertained that
I the information will not come except in answer
to a resolution. I presume, therefore, he has no
objection to it. I move that the resolutian be
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Hale on the 21st instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform the Senate, if in his opinion it be not
i incompatible with the public interests, whether the Gov-
i ernment ot Pern complied with tiie stipulations made by
| the Minister of that country in behalf of the citizens of the
, United States, who had sent vessels to the I.obo* Island;*
I for guano, between the 5th of June and the 35th of August,
j 1852; and if not, whether this Government hay taken any
I steps to enforce the claims of those citizens against the Pe-
ruvian Government, and what is the character and amount
of those claims.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HALE subsequently said: At the request
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, I move to reconsidcr the vote adopting
the resolution of inquiry about our claims against
Peru.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I was not in my seat, and was
not aware that the resolution offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire had come up. He has
been kind enough, however, to ask that it should
be reconsidered at my instance, for the reason
which I will now assign to him, and which I
think will be satisfactory. On consultation with
the Department, I learn that the subject to which
the resolution refers is now in actual negotiation
between the Governments of Peru and the United
States,and to give out the information would tend
to prejudice the negotiations. Let the resolution
lie on the table.
Mr. HALE. 1 am satisfied.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie on the table for the present.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
202) to reimburse the corporation of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia, a sum of money ad-
vanced towards the construction of the Little
Falls bridge; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
ACCEPTANCE OF TESTIMONIALS.
Mr. MALLORY asked ,and bj'unanimous con-
sent obtained, Isave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 16) authorizingCaptains William L. Hud-
son and Joshua R. Sands to accept certain testi-
monials awarded to them by the Government of
Great Britain; which was read a first time by its
title, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY. This joint resolution was
reported from the Naval Committee at the last
session, but was not reached. It is of a personal
character entirely; and I presume there will be no
objection to it. I ask that it now may be consid-
ered, and passed.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes Captains Wil-
liam L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands, of the Navy,
to accept the snuff-box and medal recently trans-
mitted to this Government by the Government of
Great Britain to be presenieS to them as memo-
rials of their service in laying the Atlantic cable.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A Message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had ordered the follow-
ing documents to be printed on the 21st of Feb-
ruary, I860, at twelve o'clock and ten minutes:
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a statement of expenditures from the appropria*
tion for contingent expenses of his Department
during the last fiscal year.
Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a statement oi the contingent expenses of the mil"
itary establishment during the year 1859.
