1860.1
J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Mr. Edivards,
Ho. of Reps.
While attempting to retain our own, we arc
prevented from achieving their liberty. This is
not the mission of the Republican organization.
But if your own Jefferson, the father and founder
of the. Democratic party, could say: "Yet the
hour of emancipation is advancing m the march
of time; it will come!"—that the way was pre-
paring, "under the auspices of Heaven, for a
total emancipation, and that this is disposed, in
the order of events, to be with the consent of the
masters, rather than by their extirpation," then
may not 1, as an American, a citizen, a man, ex
press the wish, indulge the hope, and breathe tin
prayer, that the time will come when it can
said:
The star-spangled banner, long may it wave
O'er the land of the iiee, with never a slave.
SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. T. M. EDWARDS,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In the House of Representatives,
Jme 19, 1860,
On the sentiments ami opinions of'his district and State in
relation to tiie pending political questions of tlie day.
Mr. EDWARDS said:
"Mr. Ciiairmw'1: Ry your permission; and with
the indulgence of the committee, I will now avail
myself of the privilege very generally accorded to
members of this body, of occupying an allotted
hour in participating in the unrestricted discus-
sion winch, it would seem, is regarded as proper
when in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. In so doing, if I were to consult
my inclination, and 1 might perhaps say my
taste, I should address myself to some topics
which would, at least, have the interest that per-
tain? to freshness and novelty. But when the
public attention is engrossed by any great subject,
and especially by one of such transcendent im-
portance as tiie one now agitating, not only this
House, but every department of the Government,
and the whole people, he who should attempt
to direct this attention to any matter of less mo-
ment must either have an overweening estimate
of his power, or be willing to be content with a
very limited audience.
It lias happened, it is true, that the raging of
the conflicting elements here has more than once
been assuaged and put to rest by the soothing and
peisnasivu eloquence of the truly distinguished
gentleman from Ohio; vet all are conscious that
the intervals of calm which he produces are only
temporary and exceptional; are but the lulls in
the storm, indicating renewal with increasing vio-
lence.
The question of slavery, as was here recently
said in relation to a question of a far different
character, "is enrolled in tlie Capitol." Ay,
and it may be said, without drawing too largely
on the imagination, to be wrought into every part
of its structure; to be inscribed on its portals; to
be blazoned in its decorations, and to be echoed
from all its walls. Its origin, its growth, its
rights, its demands, its power, its aims, and its
destiny—in a word, its past, its present, and its
unexplored futui \ are themes here of constant,
earnest, excited, and sometimes angry discussion.
It is also enrolled m the country. It has pos-
sessed itself of the national mind. There its inci-
dents are receiving the earnest and anxious atten-
tion of all. They arc the- themes of engrossing
interest in the discussions of all legislative bodies,
at all political gatherings, by the press m all its
various utterances, and by the people m all their
daily social and business intercourse. Once re-
garded as of small moment, they have been rising
in importance with oui general growth and prog-
ress, until they have superseded almost all other
public topics and have divided the opinion ot the
country by a line broad and deep, and seemingly
ineffaceable. On the one side are arrayed the
people offiftecn States, compact and en tire; banded
together by a common sentiment and a common
interest; and associated with them are a portion
of the people of every other State, not participat-
ing with thorn in interest nor sympathizing in sen-
timent, but sharing with them in political power
arid its consequent advantages, secured by joint
cooperation. On the other side is arrayed the
great mass of the people of the free States, rally-
ing under the banner and the war-cry of freedom,
constrained by the necessity of self-preservation
to associate in organized resistance to the increas-
ing power«and new demands of an antagonist
interest which has seemed, until recently,steadily
advancing towards overshadowing and absolute
control.
These two divisions were from the two great
political parties of the Union—the one the Dem-
ocratic, as it chooses to be designated; the other
the Republican, as it inscribes itself on its ban-
ners, but without the prefix with which it op-
ponents vulgarly and vainly attempt to soil its
designation. The former has itsiscat of power in
the South, and the control and direction of it's pol-
icy and movements have been long concentrated
there. Its northern wing, once proud and power-
ful in its organizations in the free States, has
been reduced to the shrunken proportions of mere
fragmentary bands, who, unsustained at home,
have waived their claims to equality of position,
and are content to receive,as subordinates,favors
dispensed as a consideration for their efforts to
recover their lost strength, and to bring it again
into the suppoi t of the general cause. The latter
has its seat of power in the North, and has there
its exclusive strengh, except as it may count upon
the incipient emancipation movements in some,*
and upon the slumbenng sympathy of minor-
ities in ail its opponent States. These two great
forces arc struggling for supremacy—each de-
manding possession of the Government; each
asserting that possession to be necessary to the
protection and advancement of the peculiar in-
terests on whose behalf it assumes to act. They
have once submitted these claims to the issue of
a conflict. They are on the eve of another and
evidently a more desperate struggle. The forces
of one paity are already marshaled to entire ac-
ceptance, and the attempt is now being repeated,
after a most signal faihuu, to designate the leaders
of the other. Willi what success it will be at-
tended, whether dissension is to be healed and
harmony restored, or whether it is to result only
in separation and disunion, is yet to be ascer-
tained.
Th^ congressional district which I represent,
and the State of which it is a part, are enrolled,]
hardly need say, under the Republican banner.
Their late pronunciamiento was in a tone too
decided and emphatic to leave room for doubt. It
furnishes the assurance that in any conflict which
is to come, they will be among the first in the
attack, and the last in the retreat. In their name
and behalf i now propose to discuss the issues of
the contest, and in this to declare their sentiments
and opinions rather than my own, except that my
own will be inclusive. These sentiments and
opinions, I trust, will not be regarded as unim-
portant on account of the source from which they
proceed, or the right questioned to express them
here through their authorized organs. Assuming,
then, to speak as the agent, it is but proper that
I should disclose my principal. The district
which 1 have the honor to lepresent contains about
one hundred and twenty thousand people, and at
its last congressional election polled more than
twenty-two thousand -\otes.
It was said in the debate on the admission of
Kansas, by the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, that one hundred and fifty-two of the
congressional districts now contain each less than
seventeen thousand voters. This bem<r so, tfce
district referred to contains at least one two
hundred and thirty-seventh part of all the voters
in the Union, and is entitled to tank in the very
liist class of representative districts. The State
of which it forms a part, it is true, both m popu-
lation and territory, is one of the smaller States
of the Union; its area being but nine thousand
square miles, and its population, by the census of
1850, but three hundred and seventeen thousand.
Mr. Chairman, when, on a former day, it was
said in relation to Kansas that its boundaries in-
cluded eighty-five thousand square miles, and that
it was, therefore, of suitable and convenient size
for a State, the statement impressed me not only
with the idea of the magnificent scale upon which
we are carving into States our national domain,
but also with the almost insignificant territorial
extent of our$arly divisions. It seemed matter
of wonder that an almost unfledged Territory
should be about wheeling into the line of States
with a magnitude that exceeds all of New Eng-
land and two thirds of the Empire State super-
added; anditwould be matterofhumiiiation were
it not always kindly left to us to restore our self-
complacency by turning from a comparison with
our more consequential neighbors to those only
equal or inferior. And so in this case, I tfasglad
to find a panacea for wounded pride in the reflec-
tion that our State is larger in extent than two
of her associates of the New England family—
about as large as two others, and only decidc'dly
smaller than one. To be equal with.Massachu-
setts, in point of territory, with her eleven Rep-
resentatives on this floor, may well afford us grat-
ification, even if not quite up with herin the race
of population and wealth. I know too, sir, that
we have no right to claim for our State superior-
ity in climate or soil. She can boast neither of
the sunny clime of the South, nor the fertile prai-
ries of the West; nor that she contains within her
limits any of the great commercial marts of the
Union, or any of those inland seas or navigable
rivers on which floats our vast internal commerce;
or that there reposes within her bosom any con-
siderable abundance of those rich minerals which
are so profusely scattered over more favored
States, attracting, sustaining, and enriching a
rapidly increasing population.
Let it not be understood, however, that we are
bowing our head in confession of State inferiority.
In States, as well as individuals, the law of com-
pensation equalizes condition. With our priva-
tions, we have our gifts. Our climate, though
severe, is healthful, and consistent with comfoit
and enjoyment. The fresh breezes from our hills
and the pure streams from our mountains give
elasticity, strength, and energy to the human
frame. Our soil, though rugged and unyielding
to the slothful and indolent, generously repays
the strong hand of resolute cultivation. Tiie
very inequalities of her surface give birth to in-
numerable water-falls which grow out of the riv-
ulets that have their springs in the sides of her
mountains, and which, swelling into power in
their progress,are seized and controlled and sub-
jected to her service.
In her mechanical and manufacturing produc-
tions, she claims to hold no inferior rank; but her
chief possession and her chief glory are in the
condition and character of her people. The very
necessities of her condition are nurseries of the
virtues which make a people prosperous and
happy. Industry, frugality, temperance, love of
order, respect foi law, regard for the rights of
others, and firmness in the maintainance of her
own, are characteristics of her population. Her
people are descendants from the Puritan stock.
The waves of population which flowed landward
from the Plymouth rock early overspread her
surface; and, having but little to allure immigra-
tion, she has been, in all the later growth ol the
country, a contributing, rather than a receiving,
State. Her sons and their descendants are to be
found in every new community which has been
gathered and organized since we existed as a na-
tion, and are now to be found in every incipient
Commonwealth which is anywhere germinating
on our broad national domain. They have done
much towards forming and establishing institu-
tions at the home of their adoption, and arc now
i here representing their respective constituencies
in all the branches of the national Government.
! They now occupy many seats m this House, and
! on the 4th of March next will occupy seven of the
' chairs in the national Senate; and, while she shall
! be able to recur with pride to the pages of her revo-
| lutionary history, where are recorded the civicand
! martial deeds of her eminent statesmen and gal-
i lant soldiers, and can sadly but exultingly point to
1 the graves of her sons on every one of its great
| battle-fields; while she can summon up in review
| a long line of those who, at home or abroad, after
having distinguished themselves in all the walks
of life, have gone to their account; and can close
that solemn procession with the shade of one of
the most illustrious statesmen which the country
or the world has ever known, she will confess no
inferiority in character, rights, or position to any
other member of the Confederacy.
