1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
unfamiliar with the designs of that instrument
listened to the arguments from the Democratic
side of the House, they must have thought tjmt
the framcrs of the Constitution intended to jm>-
tect, not freedom, but slavery; to promote, not
the general welfare, but to pile up, if possible,
the means to keep the country in a state of con-
stant disturbance.
Mr. Chairman, it strikes me as remarkably sin-
gular, if it were the design of the Constitution to
promote and extend slavery, that the word should
not have occurrcd in the instrument from its be-
ginning to its end. It is equally strange that some
of the soundest as well as most brilliant states-
men of the Revolution should have protested
against the insertion of the word, that the instru-
ment forming the basis of a glorious Confederacy
of free States should nowhere, in any of its pro-
visions, perpetuate the evidence that there existed,
in the land wh^re that fierce struggle for freedom
was waged, so glaring a solecism as that institu-
tion presents—so palpable a contradictio'n of the
political doctrines and rights set forth in the Dec-
laration of Independence.
If it had been the purpose of the Constitution
to extend slavery; if the institution itself were of
so overwhelming importance that it could form
the only nucleus about which the people of the
original States could gather, is it not surprising,
is it not a glaring impeachment of the intelligence,
as well as the patriotism and honesty of its fram-
ers, that they left this all-important, this now only
disturbing element in our Government, almost
wholly and entirely to implication; that its only
recognition by them was not as existing by the
force of the Constitution, but exclusively by vir-
tue of State laws.
There was a time when our southern friends
strenuously contended for the-doctrine of strict
construction. When we urged upon them the
necessity of protection to domestic industry, and
the policy of a system of internal improvements,
they turned to us with an air of triumph, and
asked us to point them to the authority expressly
given in the Constitution to Congress to legislate
upon these matters as we desire. Can they
blame us, who earnestly believe that this policy
does contribute to the general welfare—does form
among the States a more perfect union, rendering
it permanent and strong, promoting intercourse
among them, establishing the means of a common
defense, furnishing employment for a cheerful,
willing industry, as well as compensation for its
toil—can they blame us, when they claim that the
right to extend slavery is a right under the Con-
stitution, nay, superior to it, and walks with an
elephant tread overall other purposes and designs
of the Constitution, that we turn upon them with
their favorite doctrine of strict construction, and
ask them 16 point us to any recognition of such a
purpose or design in any of the provisions of the
Constitution ?
We think the interrogatory a proper one, and
should be answered by some more potent reply
than denunciation. The Constitution itself, in
that article which forms the basis of the fugitive
slave law, expressly disclaims the position con-
tended for by our.political opponents. That sec-
tion provides that
'• No person held to labor or service in one State'*—
Under what5 Under the Constitution of the
United States? No—
u under the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in
consequence ol any law or regulation therein, be discharged
from hiioh servooo or labor, but -tfrnil bo delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or labor shall be
due.""
This section, if it applies to fugitive slaves, rec-
ognizes the servitude as existing purely and simply
by the laws of the State, and therefore wholly
local and sectional in its character. If the fram-
ers of the Constitution had entertained the idea
that the institution of slavery was a feature of the
Government whose fundamental laws they were
framing, would they have left it with no other
support to the authority of the master over the
person of his slave? Would they have made no
provision for those cases where the exigencies of
business or the allurements of pleasure would in-
duce the master to take his chattel into a State
where the local law did not or might not recog-
niz(*the right of one man to own the person of ;
'another? They were strangely negligent of the <
high and responsible duties imposed upon them, '
if they designed to give to slavery an existence
under the provisions of the Constitution. They
recognized it simply as a State institution. The
person is held to service, not under the Constitu-
tion, but under the laws of the State from which
he escapes. When the master takes hinr beyond
the limits of that local law that binds him to serv-
itude, then, under the Constitution of the United
States, and in absence of local law, his manhood
can assert its right, and the slave stand " disen-
thralled," by the "emancipatinggenius" of the
Constitution
But it is not only from this provision of the Con-
stitution that we think we prove conclusively that
the institution was recognized simply as an insti-
tution of a State, existing by force of its own local
law, but by the cotemporaneous construction
given to th&t instrument by the framers of it.
That ordinance, which forever debarred the en-
trance of slavery into the glorious Northwest Ter-
ritory, where giant States are now rejoicing in
freedom, and busily engaged in a noble competi-
tion in agriculture, science and art—in all that
dignifies and adorns our nature—and makes us
reverence the institutions of freedom, is a lively
commentary upon the text and principles of that
Constitution they framed and so grandly set in
operation.
Its results th&re are the embodiment of all the
purposes its sublime preamble contains; not mere
"glittering generalities," but the natural as well
as substantial developments of the political genius
of the Government.
Did our revolutionary statesmen in that ordi-
nance " cxorcise the Constitution of its spirit?"
or did they not display its vitality and power?
And now, has that Constitution, having attained
the years allotted to man, become weakened and
decayed ? Has it lost its manly proportions, its
vigorous spirit and power, and become dwarfed
and decrepit? If it has, its decay results, notfrom
any inherent weakness or defect in its original
formation, but because we have experimented upon
it—have administered to it political medicines
which eat out its original fibers, and destroy its
early manliness. Is it necessary to repeat, apart
from this commentary of our political fathers,
which this ordinance presents, the opinions they
entertained of that institution—that modern idol
which all candidates for political honor are com-
manded to worship, or be shut out from political
promotion? Those opinions are a portion of our
political history, and it is not in the power of
jparty conventions to falsify or obliterate them.
They will in future years, as they do now, inspire
with untiring zeal the advocates of a noble and
exalting freedom. This institution was regarded
not as an element of power but of weakness, tram-
meling our political progress, and retarding the
development of the national power. Nor were
these opinions confined to the age in which our
fathers lived. Their descendants adopted their
views upon this grave matter. A little more than
a quarter of a century ago the same opinions were
as freely expressed in the State that now prides
itself as the home of Washington and Jefferson.
A new light, however, has broken in upon us.
A new analysis of the Constitution has been made
by the political experts of the day; and, to the
surprise of all, it is announced that, instead of
freedom, slavery is its inspiring genius, and con-
stitutes its strength and preserving power. The
stars of our flag no longer shine over the pathway
of liberty, but twinkle dimly and darkly over the
mists of human servitude. We-, who follow the
statesmen of the Revolution, the great apostles of
human freedom; we, who struggle in our national
legislation to perpetuate the spirit of the ordi-
nance of 1787,. the first-born of the Constitution,
are stigmatized as disorganizes and sectionalists.
If the struggle of principle against power—a con-
test for a strict construction of the Constitution,
where human freedom is involved—against an ab-
solute perversion of its provisions for the purpose
of extending human servitude, makes us disorgan-
izes and sectionalists, we must bear the charge.
An appeal to history will fasten these epithets
upon those who so freely apply them to us.
Why, Mr. Chairman, who threaten to disor-
ganize the Government? Who look to a disrup-
tion of the Union for relief for any political griev-
ances they suffer, or imagine they suffer? Who
would bring upon the American people the great-
est of all political calamities, in the vain hope of
redressing some imaginary political injury? Have
the Republican party made any such threat? In
the wild and stormy debates which preceded the
organization of this House, did that party pro-
claim on this floor their success in the coming
presidential contest the condition upon which they
would stay in the Union ? Did they appeal to the
firm attachment of the American people to the
Union, and attempt to alarm their fears for its
safety, for the purpose of frightening them into
casting their votes for their presidential nominee?
Did they declare, here or elsewhere, that they
have any other remedy for any mal-administration
of the Government than that of remaining in the
Union, and resorting to the ballot-box—the con-
stitutional agency for reforming abuses and re-
dressing any and all political evils? No declara-
tions of violence have proceeded from the Repub-
lican party, or from any individuals acting or
speaking by their authority. We know that fiery
denunciations of the Union have been uttered
upon the Democratic side of this House; not only
uttered, but loudly and warmly applauded, and
its dissolution solemnly argued as the sure means
of redress for the political evils they allege they
suffer.
With these denunciations the Republican party
have no sympathy. Thoy heard them with deep
regret and inexpressible surprise. Their only
response to them is that they consider such a
measure fraught with absolute ruin and destruc-
tion to all parties. It would annihilate the last
hope of freedom, and plunge the American people
into a political chaos, alike hopeless and irre-
mediable. The Republican party now, and at all
times, protest against such threats and such a
measure. They can find no cause in the success
of any party for trying so fearful an experiment.
They cling to the Constitution and the Union,
successful or defeated, and will regard as an out-
rage upon the purposes of our fathers an effort to
Eervert the first or dissolve the latter. They ad-
ere to the sentiments of Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe. They adopt their com-
mentary upon the Constitution, and wish no higher
panegyric upon their party than it bears aloft in
the din of political controversy the same enno-
bling truths which have given to those distin-
guished statesmen their greatestand noblestfame.
The more closely we examine and criticise those
provisions of the Constitution in which the sub-
ject of human slavery is so tenderly touched, the
more convincing becomes the evidence that, like
the opinions of its founders, it looked to its final
extinction. In that section which provides that the
"migration or importation of such persons as any
of the States now existing shall think proper to
admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress
prior to the year 1808," we find the power given
forprohibiting the foreign traffic. Was this power
of prohibition given for the purpose of extending
or restricting the institution ? This power to pro-
hibit, the Congress did cxercise as soon as it con •
stitutionally could do so; and thus, if the modern
theory be true, struck a blow, not only at slavery,
but at the christianization of the miserable, bar-
barous, and idolatrous African. Can we suppose
that the national legislators of 1808 regarded slave
labor as specially protected by the Constitution,
and as essentially necessary to the growth and
development of the nation, and, at the same time,
employed their legislative authority to diminish
the supply of this necessary labor? It would be
impossible to entertain any respectfol* their intelli-
gence or patriotism, and come to this conclusion.
If they believed that the Constitution carried sla-
very with it, and necessarily extended to it its
protection wherever it went, such a provision and
such an exercise of it would be repugnant to its
spirit, and defeat its object. The exercise of the
power thus conferred would be destructive of that
fundamental principle which, according to modern
commentators, thoy labored to establish. In fact,
if the latest construction put upon the Constitu-
tion be correct, then they reason rightly who pro-
test against the exercise of this power,and contend
that the laws passed to prohibit the African slave
trade are a gross invasion of the rights of the
States, and, as national legislators, sworii to sup-
port the Constitution, we ought to repeal them.
We contend, however, that the passage of these
laws, as soon as, under the Constitution, they
could be passed, isa complete, conclusive response
to the argument so laboriously made to prove the
