440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19?
36th Coxa....1st Sess.
Slavery Question—Air. Edwards.
Ho. of Reps.
1 have dwelt more on this point than I should
have done, if a distinguished Senator at the other
end of the Capitol had not recently instituted a
comparison between our State and his own, in-
tended as disparaging to ours; and now, leaving
any particular reply to his assault to the repre-
sentation of our State in that branch, I shall con-
tent myself with saying only that, while the Sen-
ator selected such points of comparison as he
though^unfavorable to New Hampshire, he omit-
ted some that were favorable; and that many of
those selected would have led to a very different
conclusion, if he had not forgotten to state, in
that connection, the relative size of the two States;
or, in other words, if, while he was making his
claims for Tennessee, he had not forgotten to re-
m'mberthat his State contains more than twice
the population and nearly five times the area of
New Hampshire.
But my purpose is not to make any issue with
any other State. All are prosperous; aie advanc-
ing rapidly in all the elements which constitute a
State; and each is entitled to the highest consid-
sideralion from all its associate States.
To return, then, from this digression, I proceed
in my purpose, as stated, to declare the sentiments
and '/pinions of the people of my d.stre-t in i ela-
tion to those questions of the day relating to the
rights, the interests, and the chums of southern
slavery, which affect them as citizens of a com-
mon country. In this 1 shall speak also,] trust,
the sentiments and opinions of tin- people of my
entin' State, and, peichance, of tin: people of the
free States generally; although, for the latter, 1
iuue no warrant to speak, and shall not assume
such responsibility.
First, then, let mo say, m their behalf, that ttvy
have become educated in relation to the public
political questions now pending. Information and
argument in relation to them have been scattered
broadcast over the land, and the attention of men
who had never attempted to investigate and com-
ptehend the financial and business issues on which
parties were formerly divided, has been attracted
to these, and tin ir conclusions formed—conclu-
sions in which they confid", and upon wlneh, if
need be, they are ready to act. Th'-y know the
history of s!a\ery fiom its <ailust beginnings.
They know win n and by w ho.^e agency its dark
threads were intei woven into our social and polit-
ical fabric; and they confess that its introduction
i-: largely chargeable to northern instrumentality.
Hitherto,they have made this confession in shame
and penitence. Hereafter, if they should accept
the modern teachings of its advocates—that the
relation thus established between the iaees is pro-
motive of the welfare of both, and, under Prow-
dence, is to work out for the supenor race the
highest type of civilization—they would have the
right to boast of it as their praise and their glory.
They know that, in the early life of the country,
slaveiy overspread all the colonies, but that it
gradually subsided and disappeared from a ma-
jority of them about the time they bccanie States;
and that its total extinction was hoped and ex-
pected by the wisest and best in the §tates in
which it was permitted to linger. They know
that at this period the number "held to service"
was few; that as a property interest it had but
little consideration, and had not come to be re-
garded as of very considerable importance as an
< lenient of political power; that ownership had
not then associated and banded together to pro-
tect and advance ir, as an "institution" to be 1
lauded and cherished. They are familiar with
the history of its growth and expansion through
all its stages, from that day to the present; with
its gradual and steady enlargement of numbeis,
now computed by millions as it then was only
by thousands, and with its constant increase, in
aggregate \aiue moie than coi responding with
its increase of numbers, until it has attained an
amount which, when expressed by an array of
figures, more clearly than all eke demonstrates its
progressive and already overshadowing import-
ance among the poperty interests of the country.
They know the history of the power which has
grown out of this interest; that it was at first feeble,
unexactmg,submissive, askmgonly to be suffered
to be unnoticed and uncondemned, yielding every-
thing to its great rival interest, acknowledging us
supremacy, and consenting to the extension of its
rule; that this was its condition in the period
immediately before and after the formation of our
Government, and that it was in this, the hour of
its weakness, that State after State of the original
thirteen adopted and carried out the policy of
emancipation, and that the realm of f^pedom was
enlarged by the accession of that great empirp in
the Northwest, saved and secured to it forever;
that it was then* that this inteiest which now
claims to be one of the high contracting parties in
the settlement of all national questions, and as
such, stands out proudly before the country in
propria persona, permittccl itself to bo unnamed,
even in the great national compact under which
we live, and contented itself with a meager and
covert recognition in two, or, at most, three, of its
provisions remaining in all else the subject only
of State concernment; that at a late period, re-
pentant of Us concessions, it strengthened itself
through conditions m its further cessions and
through favorable circumstances attending the ac-
quisition of new teriitory, and secuied to itself
the alliance of new associates by the admission of
live new States—Kentucky, Tennessee, Louis-
iana, Mississippi, and Alabama—and greatly ali-
mented its power; that, thus strengthened, it
emend into its first open conflict for furthei ac-
cessions and prevailed, and thereby added another
conf< derate to its ioil, m the admission of Mis-
souri. It did not, however, in this achieve an
unconditional conquest; but rather compelled a
capitulation upon terms. For the possession of
a part, it released and quit-claimed to its antago-
nist, in trust, all claim to the icmamder foiever.
The admission of Arkansas and Florida, in due
time, still further swelled its ranks, and it was
now prepared and embolden'd to sti ike for further
increase of power, whenever the opportunity
should occur. The Republic of Texas, with its
great extent of territory and sparse population,
opportunely at hand, attracted its attention, and,
by well-conducted negotiation, was denationalized
and annexed to the country, and became, as was
intended, ipso facto annexed to the association of
States whose formation we have been tracing.
Tins last achievement carried this great prop-
erty interest to the highest point of power it has
ever attained, and pioved to he its last substantial
success. Such result, however, was not antici-
pated. Based on a single species of property,
which had been steadily enlarging until it had
reached the enormous amount of from three to
four thousand million dollars, and being the great
leading property interest m fifteen States, and so
connected with every other species of pioperty
in these States as to make them subsidiary to it;
combining m its support all the talent and influ-
ence of all their leading minds, by closing up
every avenue to rank and distinction, and even
wealth, except through devotion to its interests;
having armed itself with ail the powers of the
governments of those States, and through the aid
of one of the great political parties ir the nnuiin-
ing States, with all the powers of the Federal
Government, possessing itself of all its high
places, occupying the Speaker's chair, presiding
over the dehbi rations of the Senate, clothing it-
self in the loyal robes «*>f executive power, and
more recently donning the judicial ermine, it
threatened to sweep on with a resistless march,
: until it should attain to absolute and unhmi'ed
I control. Such,however, thanks to an overruling
; Providence, has not been the result, its vciy
1 strength, by generating an oveiweening confi-
1 dence, has precipitated it upon its fate—the eer-
i tain, ultimate fate of all movements founded in
j injustice. It had succeeded thus far by masking
; us advances. It was only necessary that the ex-
1 tent of its amis should be revealed to array the
1 just and coiimm \alive sentiment of the country
against its furthei usurpations. This was not to
: be long delayed. By Us factious resistance to the
j admission of a free State, because free, and the
■ unnecessary and odious conditions of its consent,
; it did much to disclose its final purpose; but it
| was reserved to the audacious insult and wrong
i which it perp?tratcd, upon false pretenses, upon
; the people of sixteen Suites of the Union, by vio-
: latmg a time-honored compact, and by wresting
| from those States the assurance and security
which they had so long enjoyed of a great patn-
I mony in reserve for their'posterity, unbhghted
and unpolluted, to arouse a just indignation
which will never be appeased, and a determined
resistance which will never cease until the further
progress and expansion of this power shall be
stayed.
"Without pursuing details, it is enough to say,
that the issue of this first field of mortal strife has
foreshadowed the inevitable result in all future
conflicts. This great power, which had so silently,
so steadily, and so surely accumulated, and at-
tained such feai ful proportions, has at length cul-
minated, and is on the wane. It has obviously
reached the beginning of its end. Henceforth it
is to be subordinate. Its advocates and cham-
pions on this floor, once so broad and powerful in
their resistless majorities, are now so reduced in
numbers, so enfeebled and prostrate, as almost to
excite compassion. Defection and revolt elsewhere
are showing themselves in the ranks of its sup-
ports s. Its noithern wing has already been re-
duced to the ultimatum of successful mutiny, or
annihilation at home. Its fate is legible in all the
signs of the times: to go down before the advanc-
ing power of liberty is its '' manifest destiny."
"With this knowledge and these convictions the
question presents itself to those for whom I have
assumed to speak, what, under the circumstances,
is their duty and the duty of the people of the
free States in relation to this great waning interest
and power? Foi them, and as expressing their
views, I ansvvei, u is to awatd to the people of
the slaveholdmg States the full enjoyment of all.
rights guarantied to them by the Constitution,
and of all to which they aie entitled, independent
of that instrument under their pi lor existing State
organizations. About any other rights than those
which relate to the great interest we have been
considering, no question arises here. To these,
then, I refer; and
1. To the right of slave representation. This is
expressly and clearly secured to them. And how-
ever generally the opinion may be entertained that
it has been enlarged through the acquisition of new
territory, beyond expectation when the Union
was formed, ail agree that it has been allowed to
such extent that it must now be conceded to the
people of every State in which slavery shall exist,
whether now in the Union, or hereafter admitted.
11 is not probable that the proportionate represent-
ation of this character will increase; for if its basis
shall be enlarged, it will not be likely to be to so
great a'n extent as will be the basis of represent-
ation of the free element; so that the whole rep-
resentation being limited, its relative numbers
will be likely to be less rather than more. But,
however this may be, the right remains the same,
and the people 1 represent respect all contracts,
whether relating to great things or small; and
whenever theyare a party,are as ready topcrform
stipulations resting on themselves, as to exact the
performance of those resting upon others.
2. They concede to this interest the constitutional
right to reclaim fugitives from service, and to
fence them back to the State from whence they
escape. They admit this to be a clear provision
of the Constitution, and one to be enforced by Fed-
eral legislation, if necessary. For although, if it
were now a new question, whether by Federal or
State, they might incline to the opinion expressed
by eminent statesmen that it was originally in-
tended to be by the latter, yet they are constrained
to regard the early action of Congress, and the
decisions of the courts recognizing its validity, as
settling the interpretation of this provision too
decisively to be now questioned. They reserve,
however, to themselves, the right to judge of the
provisions of any law enacted to this end, as they
do of those of any other law, and although they
may admit its binding force while it exists, they
assert their right of disapproval, and the right,
thiough their Representatives, to procure, if it
may he, its modification or repeal; cuid, above all
things else, they reserve the right to require that
any law to enforce this provision shall be so
guarded in its details that, in its execution, the
liberty of their citizens shall not be invaded or putin
jeopardy. They have yet to learn that the right of
any person, slave owner or other, to his properly,
animate or inanimate, is any more entitled to pro-
tection than is the right of a citizen of any free
State to exemption from being seized as a felon,
borne away from his home to a distant land to be
