1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
Constitution a pro-slavery Constitution, formed,
among one of its purposes, for carrying slavery
wherever it chooses to go. Our fathers had no
such opinion; and the fault of the Republican
party is in following their example. Their plat-
form of principle is one embodied fn the Consti-
* tution, and will stand or fall with that. It is in
* vain to reply that our fathers themselves, though
anti-slavery in sentiment, formed a pro-slavery
Constitution—a political paradox, invented for
the purpose of avoiding the argument drawn from
their acts, and the cotemporaneous construction
given by them to the instrument they formed.
This assertion is an impeachment either of their
-intelligence or their patriotism. Modern assump-
tion has not gone so far as to distinctly announce
they were either ignorant or unpatriotic. They
certainly understood the language they used, and
carefully avoided a direct and unqualified recog-
nition of slavery itself. They shutout, by express
declaration, that any service could be due under
the provisions of the Constitution. Their devotion
to freedom, through astern and unequal conflictof
years, proves both their honesty and patriotism.
They could not have been hypocritical, for it is not
a feature of Hypocrisy to cheat itself; and their
legislation, under the Constitution, plainly proves
they did not intend to cheat their poster&y. They
left to them, in one of their earliest acts of legis-
lation, a heritage of noble wisdom, the emphatic
evidence of undying love to freedom, and of an
earnest desire to inaugurate a system of legisla-
tion that should protect, and not subvert, the
rights of man.
The historic fact refnains, and no sophism can
obscure it, or argument destroy it, that the first
announcement of the principles of the Republican
partv was made by the statesmen who founded
the (government; to whom we all have looked with
reverence and awe; whose statues we set upm the
I portals of the Capitol; and whose memories will
be honoi^d and revered wherever freedom and
independence have a votary. If they erred, then
we may be wrong; but it will require something
, more than denunciation of those who are the hum-
ble followers of the policy they announced, to
convince either us, or the world at large, that they
who framed the great charter of Amcncan freedom
were ignorant of the purposes they intended to ac-
complish, or established a system of government
whose correct construction and sound administra-
tion, upon its original principles, would defeatits
objects. The Republican party of to-day is the
party of which Thomas Jefferson was the leader.
It has adopted no new scheme to accomplish pur-
poses not originally contemplated in the formation
of our political system. "VVe stand byits found-
ers; and if we must fall, we fall with them.
It is equally futile to contend that the change
in the circumstances of the nation are such as will
authorize a change in the construction of the Con-
stitution. We are dealing with the principlesand
purposes of the fathers, ami not with the changes
' and vicissitudes of a nation's progress. We are
charged, when we contend that sound policy re-
quires a restriction upon slavery in the Territo-
ries, with violating rights guarantied by the Con-
stitution they framed. To refute tins charge,
we point to their opinions and their legislation.
Whether it would be expedient to grant to .sla-
very the unlimited right to travel into whatever
Territory it pleases; whether the pecuniary ad-
vantage of our southern friends would be best
promoted by the extension, are not the questions
involved in this controversy. These may present
strong reasons to the South, to be urged for a
change in the provisions of the Constitution, but
cannot control its construction, nor aid in estab-
lishing the accusations made against us. If the
framers of the Constitution were anti-slavery in
sentiment, it is fallacious to suppose they would
have framed a Government to cherish and extend
a system of labor which they believed morally
wrong, unsound in policy, and which might im-
peril the general welfare and endanger the do-
mestic tranquillity of the States where it existed.
How then, I ask," do we violate the Constitution
and divest it of its true spirit, by contending, as
its founders contended, for the exclusion of sla-
very from the Territories.5 We disclaim any
right to interfere with it in the States. In this re-
spect, we are powerless. We neither contend for
nor recognize any such power in the Constitution;
and ourparty organization, in enunciating itsprin-
ciples, always hajjp disclaimed any such power,
and protest®against any attempt to exercise it.
Further, those individuals in the North and
East who are distinctly Abolitionists make this
want of power in the Constitution the very ground
of their quarrel with and opposition to it.«. With
the slave States rests the institution; and what-
ever evils or dangers surround it are best under-
stood by them, and witlf them alone are the rem-
edies. We neither seek nor justify any interfer-
ence from abroad.
If the institution be—as modern politicians,
dating no further back than ten years, so fre-
quently and earnestly declare—a social and polit-
ical blessing, the practical development of apolit-
ical philanthropy regarding and working out the
best good and higlfbst interest of both the white
and black race, and solving the political problem
of combining the welfare of both in one social
system, we are willing and anxious that all the
good educed from it shall be enjoyed and confined
to the States where the system now exists. We
ask not to be the recipients of the blessing it pro-
motes, and assure these States that no act or ef-
fort of the Republican party will disturb them in
the enjoyment of it.
We do, however, claim the right to determine,
under the Constitution, whether the system shall
be extended into Territories where no law exists
to establish it; or, in other words, we protest in
the name of the hardy laborers of the country
against being compelled to receive its* dubious
good. It is now said the true principle is, that the
negro, a slave in the States, upon his introduction
into the Territories continues a slave; that the
Constitution, proprio vigore, extends over him and
continues his servitude—a proposition at war with
the earliest legislation adopted by the fathers of
the Constitution, and suggestive of some very
significant queries. The position assumes the
absence both of territorial and congressional legis-
lation. It will not be contended that the Consti-
tution contains-in itself any provision for the pro-
tecti^tof slavery in the Territories. Itpronounces
no penalties against any infraction of this right of
propertyfnman. How,then,isthis claim ofprop-
erty to be protected in the absence of any legisla-
tion? It is a claim not recognized by the common
law. If it has any foundation whatever, it must
be by virtue of some local law. Will the slave-
holder in the Territory look to the law of the State
from which he emigrated for the means to control
and regulate his claim to this anomalouspropcrty ?
Will the Constitution transfer into the Territories
as many slave codes as there are slave States from
which owners of slaves may emigrate, and vindi-
cate and protect the rights founded upon these
various codes ?.
In one State the slave code carefully prohibits
emancipation, while it maybe permitted in an-
other. Will tftc person emigrating from the first
be prohibited from giving fieedom to the slave,
while the slaveholder from the second will be at
liberty to emancipate ? Will the relation of mas-
ter and slave, their rights, duties, and responsibil-
ities, be affected as the legislation of the State may
vary from which they emigrated?
Again, it is now deemed in many of the slave
States a necessary safeguard of their institution to
expel the free negro, or to reduce him to slavery.
Will the Constitution of the United States of .it-
self carry this protective legislation into the Ter-
ritories as a general law, controlling all parties;
or will the emigrant from a slave State, whose
local law expels the free negro or reduces him to
slavery in case of disobedience to the law, have
power to put in force this local law; to drive out
the free negro, or sell him into servitude, while
the emigrant from a State having no such law will
possess no such power?
All this political and legal chaos appears to be
the legitimate result of the theory that the Con- j
stitution of the United States carries slavery into j
the Territories. If it carries it there, it should
protect it; and to protect it without congressional
legislation creates this confusion.
We are told that, if it had not been for the pro-
vision of the Constitution for the rendition of fu-
gitive slaves, it never would have been adopted.
If this be true, can we believe that the framers of ]
the Constitution, who certainly understood its j
provisions; who so sedulously excluded the !
words "xlave},and "slavery" from it, and who j
embraced the first opportunity to exclude slavery ,
from a large portion of the common territory,
would have adopted it,if they had believed it sus-
c^tible of the construction ^Vhich is now at-
tempted tcv be put upon it?
Again, our forefathers discussed the subject of
slavery with as much freedom as any other upon
which they were called to act. It was to them
not a forbidden topic. If the Constitution carries
slavery into the Territories, will the same free-
dom of discussion be permitted there? or will the
immigration of the slaveholder, with his chattels,
of itself restrain this freedom of debate? Will a
person from a free or slave State, who may have
sonle doubt of the policy of slavery, or who,
leaving the mere question of policy, takes a higher
stand, and deniesits rightfulness, be debarred the
freedom of speech or discussion; be prevented from
expressing freely and fully his opinions? If a
newspaper is established, will that be subject
to censorship, and all articles it may contain,
freely examining the social and political influences
of the institution, be deemed incendiary, while the
editor will be consigned to the prison, or handed
over to the " unfriendly legislation " of a mob?
We know that great latitude of discussion in some
of the slave States is not allowed to those who
debate this subject and express opinions hostile
to the expediency or justice of slavery. To those
whose social and political institutions are of so
strong a texture that they will bear the closest
examination and fullest range of debate, these
queries are important. Accustomed to think
freely, and to express allud their thoughts upon
all matters in which they feel an interest; to ex-
amine with scrutiny their bearing upon their social
and political prosperity; in fact, to discuss all sub-
jects they choose to discuss with the fullest free-
dom, and. to give to their opinions the freest ex-
pression, the citizens of the free States doubt the
propriety of extending an institution which, in
this age of progress, requires to be spoken of ten-
derly and carefully, even where it has all the pre-
judices of birth, the strength of habit, and force
of education, to sustain it.
Mr. Chairman, we have lately paused in our
legislatives duties to inaugurate the statue of
Washington. His life was again passed in re-
view before us, and the hearts of Americans beat
joyfully as they recurred .to his early toils and
patriotic struggles. We challenged the world to
produce his parallel. His triumphs in the field
and his success in the Cabinet; his devotion to the
cause of freedom, wherever called by duty to act,
are to us a subject of exultation and delight. The
Republican party, while they pay homage to his
principles, will prove the sincerity of their respect
by attempting to bring back the administration
of the Government to the policy he so nobly sus-
tained while living.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Florence hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Buffinton reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 338, to provide for the pay-
ment of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize
a loan, to regulate and fix the duties on imports,
and for other purposes; and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DUNN, (at ten
minutes after four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed till Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 30, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the Territory of Washington, rel-
ative to the war debt of the Territory of Wash-'
ington and State of Oregon; which was ordered
to lie on the table, a bill on the subject having
been reported.
He also presented a petition of citizcns of Scot-
land county, Missouri graying the cstablislmient
of a mail route from Farmington, Iowa, tcrMa-
con, Missouri; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Posfe Office and Post Roads.
