sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23.
in charge of a watchman^ and the man I saw—an
uneducated, illiterate man, and taken from that
sphere in life—who, far the little emolument that
belongs to it, agreed to sit up all night, and was not
of as much value, when the banditti came, asagood
watch-dog. That is, not a proper disposition to
be made of the public property and public inter-
ests of, the country. I do not know what the Sec-
retary of War may consider proper; fciujt 1 do know
what my experience satisfied me at the time as
proper—'that it should not only be under military
superintendence, but there should be a military
guard, permanently stationed there for the protec-
tion.of the public property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what may
be necessary in Virginia, in regard to taking care
of the public property; but X am very well satis-
fied that nothing of the kind is necessary in Mas-
sachugetts. It does not need any military guard
there, to prevent its being depredated upon or
taken possession of. That, however, does not
change my opinion on the general subject. But
I rose merely for the purpose of entering my dis-
sent to what would seem to be the natural infer-
ence from what was said by the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgh.] Why, sir, we have
a Military Academy, which we conduct at very
great expense, and nave for years. We give men
there the very best scientific education. We edu-
cate them as engineers, topographical engineers,
artillerymen, &c. They liave every advantage,
and all the training that is necessary in order to
accomplish them in their profession as engineers;
and many are so, I presume, quite as much so as
apy men in the country. It is a time of peace.
We have had peace for the greatest portion of the
years in this Republic; and I trust we may have
peace always. If we are well prepared for war,
it is said, we shall have the better chance for
peace.
Now, sir, what would you do with these men ?
They are scientific men, well educated. You want
to make a scientific survey of a harbor, if you
please. Would you keep these men doing noth-
ing, and employ somebody from civil life to do the
work which a public officer under salary can do
as well, or better? There are many surveys ne-
cessary in our country, and why not employ the
gentlemen whom you educate for the purpose of
making them ? Are they to remain, if wo have
work for them to do, in comparative idleness, while
necessary surveys of a scientific character are
going on under the supervision and direction of
the General Government at the public expense >
It would be very pooreconomy, a very great want
of wisdom; and yet the Senator from Ohio com-
plains that the officers of the Army have every-
thing, and he thinks it best to limit their opera-
tions. I think they have had too much to do;
that is, they have been put into improper places,
places for which they were notpartieularly fitted,
in some cases; but those cases, I take it, am not
very numerous; and, at all events, it is not one of
those cases where the exception necessarily proves
the rule; that is to say, because in some instances
officers of the Army have been placed in situa-
tions where other men should have been placed,
it-does not, therefore, follow that they should be
expelled from all situations for which they are
eminently proper, and for which we have "edu-
cated them.
I am not particularly in favor of the Army as
such; but I do not entertain the honor in regard
to it that my friend from New Hampshire does.
I do not tremble at the name of army. I believe
we must have one; at any rate something more
than a mere skeleton. We have service for irwtn
perform in this country, 011 the borders and else-
where, and we have abundant occasion for what
scientific information the men of the Army may
possess. ^ If we carry out the ideas of my Inends
on this side of the Howse, to say the least of it,
vve have enough for ail of these men to do, and it
is very idle for us, in my judgment, to talk in this
manner, and say when we have this kind of work
to do, that because they arc Army officers, we will
therefore lay them aside and employ civilians to |
do the work which, under the United States Gov- j
ernmcnt, must necessarily be done. They can do j
no harm as engineers, at any rate. 1
Our liberties are in no great danger, I take it, |
from the simple fact that we are deriving some j
benefit from the expense we have been at m cdu- j
eating gentlemen. I have no very great appre- |
hensions of any evils to be suffered from employ-
ing young men token from the ranks of civil life
originally, and educated up to a standard where
they can be of great service to their country. I
enter my protest altogether against this kind of
outcry against the Army, as if an army of the size
of ours in this country could ever be a very great
evil to us, except from the enormous expense it
occasions. Sir, the trouble in regard to the Army
is not in reference to the officers whom we em-
ploy, but in reference to the administration of the
Army in the Departments; the contracts, and all
the corruptions which I believe exist and have
existed with reference to the management of affairs
connected with the Army—the dollars and cents;
not the pay of the officers, although I think in
many cases that is too high, and needs regulation.
I agree with the Senator as to those things; but so
far as regards availing ourselves of and deriving
benefit from the education that we have given to j
the officers of the Army, taking these men from
among ourselves—young men, educated—and
getting something for the expense that we are
at in their education, in the way of scientific im-
provement, I hold that it is the very wisest and
best thing for us to do; and that the employ-
ment of officers in the business under the Gov-
ernment for which they are eminently fitted, is,
in my judgment, a thing to be approved, and not
disapproved.
To come back to the question under considera-
tion, I think this is an illustration of it. Every
one understands what these armories are. They
are establishments for the manufacture of arms of
different descriptions. Of those arms, of their man-
ufacture, of their quality, of their character, who
ought to be so good judges as the officers of the
ordnance department, whose education is directed
to that particular thing ? They ought to know bet-
ter than any other men. At any rate, ihey ought
to know better than political preachers, whether
of the cloth or without the cloth; better than any
men who are taken up merely for political consid-
erations to reward some partisan, and put over a
business that they know nothingaboutin the world.
My friend said he hoped we should soon have
an administration which would appoint honest
men. I hope so, too; but, my word for it, you
may get any administration, and you will have
offices of this description usually awarded to re-
ward political service. I hope they will be honest
services, and pioperly rewarded; but that avoids
the question. The question is, who so eminently
fit as officers of the ordnance department to man-
f; this very matter for which they are educated?
ho so calculated to do it well in the service of
the Government? Whose appointment will save
money? You must pay salaries to men taken from
civil life, thus multiplying officers.
If all this is so, what objection is there? Isany-
body injured? Are the citizens injured in any way ?
Is the power of the Army increased? Is the power
of the Administration increased ? Are our liberties
in danger? One would think so; but I sec no trouble
ofthekind,sjr. I think it is a mere matter of com-
mon sense applied to a common matter of business.
We have these establishments; they require scien-
tific knowledge; they require practical acquaint-
ance with the thing; and the mere question is, will
you put them under the direction of men who are
supposed to have, who ought to have, who do
have, the necessary information, and who are con-
nected with the military, or put men there, from
other considerations, who know nothing of that
which they undertake to do. I take it that is the
only question in the world about it except the one i
suggested by the Senator from Virginia, and that,
perhaps, it is more proper for him to speak upon
than myself.
Mr. HALE Mr. President 
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator will give
way. It is evident that this bill will lead to a pro-
tracted discussion.' I ask now that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
Mr. HALE. I give way.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
BANK ISSUBS IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed tile consideration of the bill (S. No. 50) to
prohibit the issue of bank notes by corporations,
associations, or individuals, within the District of
Columbia; and further to prevent the circulation
of bank notes issued by any incorporated com-
pany, orassociation of individuals,located beyond
the limits of the District of Columbia, of a less
denomination than twenty dollars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Slidcli,,] in line Seven of section one,
to strike out the word "exchange."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tha next
amendment is 
Mr. SIMMONS. I have the floor.
Mr. PUGH. Let us vote 011 the amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS I intend to try to convince
the Senate that it is improper to legislate 011 this
subject at all. When I was referring to this bill
on the day before yesterday, I called the atten-
tion of the chairman of the special committee, and
of the Senate, to the legal question whether or not
the present associated banks in this District were
Subject to any of the liabilities previously im-
posed upon them as corporations?
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator propounds that
question.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say that I called the atten-
tion of the Senate to a mistake that I thought the
Senator had made in holding the present genera-
tion of men subject to the charges that he makes
against their ancestors. The Bank of Washing-
ton was a bank of deposit and issue more than
fifty years ago; and, as such, it applied for an act
of incorporation; and, when that act was granted,
no new power was given to it, except the power
to sue and be sued, and to make regulations as to
the election of its officers. That charter continued
first for ten years, and then for fifteen years. The
subsequent acts were acts in relation to the wind-
ing up of its concerns. At the expiration of the
last act for winding up its concerns, sixteen years
ago, the stockholders wound them up by trans-
ferring everything they had to asingle individual,
and that ended the corporation ana its business
under the act. Now, the Senator from Louisi-
ana has drawn up charges against these men for
misconduct while they were under these acts of
incorporation; and he asks the Senatp to visit
with its law a penalty for that misconduct in the
destruction of the present men, who had nothing
to do with it. I said, the other day, that I sup-
posed, when an act of incorporation expired, the
property of the corporation would revert to the
original owners, with all their rights, without any
law. I have no doubt that the statutes made to
extend these acts of incorporation were for the
purpose of winding up the concerns. Perhaps
some of them did not intend to wind up, and some
did. Some o'f them did wind up, at any rate. But
however that may be, the last generanon of men
were the parties who did what was done; for I
believe it is safe to say that 110 generation of busi-
ness men continues longer than twenty-five years.
One of these institutions has been in business over
fifty years. Whatever they may have done 111 the
first twenty-five years of their existence, under
acts oi incorporation, the succeeding generation
are not responsible for.
But the principal purpose I had in saying any-
thing on the question before the Senate, was to
notice the fact that this bill was proposed, as de-
clared by the committee in their report, as an
example for the States. The Government of the
United States is to impose penalties and hardships
on the citizens of this District as an example for
the State governments to follow. 1 should think-
that, as representatives of the Stales, we might
commend to the citizens of this District, over
which we have the control, the example of our
States in getting along harmoniously and favor-
ably in their financial affairs, ratht r than to set up
this party dogma, that has exploded everywhere,
wherever it has been tried, and undertake to set
an example to them here, by punishing the people
of this city, to whose votes we are exempt from
answering. I should like the Senators who want
to try this experiment on the temper of their coun-
trymen, to try it where they could be reached by
the votes of their countrymen, if it did not happen
to suit them. I believe there is not a State, not
one on the Atlantic slope, which has not banking
institutions, banks of issue, and banks of d-pnsit.
At the time these charters expired m 1830, 1 ad-
mit there was a great feeling against banking in-
stitutions in the country. "There was a sort of
purpose everywhere to try an experiment with
