1884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Mr. WADE presented the petition of G. C.
Johnston, praying the payment of a balance of
an amount which„the Secretary of War was au-
thorized to pay him out of the annuity of (he
•Shawnee Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the^petition of Solomon
Whipple, praying au extension of his patent for
a machine for cutting files; which was referred *to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
_ He also presented an additional paper in rela-
tion to the claim of Sally Moor, widow of Elisha
Moor, to a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the petition of
citizens of Texas, praying the erection of a light-
house on or near the north breakers, at the en-
trance of the harbor of Galveston, and the resto-
ration of the light-vessels lately removed from the
entrance of that harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce; and a motion to print
the petition was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented .the memorial of
Barrow, Porter & Crenshaw, contractors for
carrying the mails from Kansas City, Missouri,
to Stockton, California, praying indemnity for
mules stolen by the Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GWIN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of California in favor of the passage of
a law establishing a mail route connecting with
the central overland maiifrom Carson City, in the
Territory ofUtah,to Nevada City, thence to the
town of Auburn in the county of Placer, thence
to Folsom, and from there to Sacramento City,
passing over the Sierra Nevada through the Holi-
ness pass, with mail routes diverging therefrom;
the first one leaving said route at Jackson's Ranch
near the western end of Henncss Pass, to Dow-
nieville, in the county of Sierra; and the second
leaving at Lake City in the county of Nevada, via
North San Juan to Marysville, Yuba county, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RECOMMITTAL OP A REPORT.
On motion of Mr. LATHAM, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George G. ilarnard, as-
signee of the Hon. David c\ Broderick, deceased, praying
tile ensictmrnt of a law authorizing the payment to lnm of
the amount due Mr. Uroderiek for salary and mileage at the
time of liis deccase, with the adverse report of the Com-
toittee on the Judiciary thereon, be recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
DENT, YANTINE & CO.
Mr. LATHAM submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
turn to the Senate the papers in the case of Pent, Vantine
& Co., which were refeired thereto on the 2d instant.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. In the examination of
the cases referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, they find referred to them a peti-
tion of J. B. Williams, praying a grant to the
heirs of Joseph Biggs, deceased, of the amount
paid by him for boarding, nursing, and medical
attendance incurred on account of being wounded
in an Indian war in 1788. I should like taJcnow
what sort of relation or connection that has with
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. It seems
to me properly to belong to the Committee on
Claims. At the instance of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, I move that they be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON MARKET-IIOUSE.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. Foot, of Vermont, was
appointed on a committee of conference some
eight or ten days ago. He has been absent since,
and it is wholly uncertain when he will return. It
„is very desirable that the conference should be
held; and I move to excuse him, and that the Vice
President be authorized to fill the vacancy upon
the committee of conference on tile bill (S. No.
192) authorizing the corporation of Washington
city to make a loan and issue stock for §200,000,
for .(wilding a market-house.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Collamer
tots appointed.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
President of the United States had approved and
signed, oil the 13th instant, an act (H. R. No. 31)
for the relief of Charles Knap; and also that he
had approved and signed, on the 19th instant, an
act (H. R. No. 213) to incorporate the United
States Agricultural Society.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on the 24th instant, the printing of
the following documents:
Message of the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of the N avy,
showing the number of offieers and men in the
service of the United States belonging to the Afri-
can squadron who have died in that service since
the date of the Ashburton treaty to the present
time.
Message of the President, in answer 1,0 a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, "that the
President be requested to communicate to the
House any information in relation to the existence
of the Territory of Minnesota," &c.
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, directing him to communicate the
amount required to complete, furnish, &c., the
St. Louis custom-house and post office.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, on the 25th instant, the printing of the
following documents:
Letter from the Acting Postmaster General, ex-
planatory of the provisions of a bill (H. R. No.
681) relative to postage on newspapers in pack-
ages, &c.
Message from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with resolutions of
the House of Representatives, information rel-
ative to discriminations in Switzerland against
citizens of the United States of the Hebrew per-
suasion—ordered at twelve o'clock and<rfg^elve
minutes.  •
Letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting
a report relative to the occupation of the Island
of San Juan—ordered at twelve o'clock and thir-
teen minutes.
Memorial of the Legislature of Alabama, ask-
ing the allowance of interest on two and three per
cent, funds, the payment of which was withheld
by the Government—ordered at twelve o'clock
and eleven minutes.
ANSON DART.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If there is no business to
take up the time of the Senate, I desire to call up
a bill on the Calendar (No. 220) which has passed
the House of Representatives. I think it will
not occupy the attention of the Sa«atc very long.
Mr. LANE. What bill is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The title of the bill will be read
for information.
The Secretary. A bill (H. R. No. 220) for
the relief of Anson Dart.
Mr. LANE. I very much desire that the Sen-
ate shall be full when that bill comes up. It pro-
vides for the payment of a large sum of money;
and it involves a question that ought to be settled
by the Senate when we can have a full vote. I
trust, therefore, that it will notbe hurried through
the Senate to-day. The body is very thin. When-
ever the Senate shall be full, I will go with the
Senator (for he has much anxiety, in relation to
this matter) to bring it up, so that it may be dis-
cussed, and the principles contained in'the bill
decided. If the decision shall be in favor of the
claimant, it is not a question which will stop with
the decision of this bill. It is an important mat-
ter; for it would bring about legislation in other
cases like this; and 1 trust the Senate will not at-
tempt to bring it up when there is so thin a Sen-
ate, and wo cannot have a full %ote upon it. I
think the Senate is too thin for business; and
therefore I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
Senator will allow me to submit a motion before
he submits that: that when we adjourn it be to
meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. LANE. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
when the Senate adjourn to-day, it be to me,et on
Wednesday next. We all know it is scarcely good
faith to attempt to go on with legislation under these
circumstances; and we certainly cannot legislate
on contested matters here. Speeches, it is true,
might be made on different sides of different ques-
tions; but speaking here will amount to nothing,
so far as actual business is concerned, and I there-"
fore move that when the Senate adjourn, it be to
meet on Wednesday next.
Mr. LANE. I think we had better, perhaps,
take the question on adjourning till to-morrow.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I can hardly consent to
allow the remarks of the Senator from Oregon in
relation to the bill now pending before the Senate,
to pass without any reply. It is not my purpose to
press iton the Senate this morning,if there is a dis-
inclination to do any business; but I simply desire
to say that the bill in question has, I understand,
twice passed this body, has received the unani-
mous reports of committees of the House of Rep-
resentatives for three sessions in succession, and
it will appear on examination to have been de-
fended—without any reference whatever to any
opinions which 1 may entertain myself—by some
of the ablest men who have sat in this body, and
it is based on facts which, as I believe, when they
are brought to the attention of the Senate, will
show cfearly that the bill ought to pass, ajid that
there is nothing in this case which will establish
a dangerous precedent in any other case. But I
shall notgo into an argument of it now on a mo-
tion to take it up or to postpone it. As to the
question of adjourning over from to-day until
Wednesday, I hope the Senate will not agree to
that proposition.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn over; and it seems to me there are very
good reasons why we should not do so. In the
first place, I think to-morrow is assigned to the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I sup-
pose he desires then to be heard on certain resolu-
tions which he has submitted to the Senate. If,
however, it is perfectly agreeable to him to pass
over to-morrow, the/i that would be out of the way.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. 1 have no wish on
the subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then, if the Senator does not
wish to occupy the floor to-morrow, we have a
bill here—an appropriation bill 
Mr. COLLAMER. Would not the Senator
from Mississippi as lief occupy to-morrowas some
other day?
Mr. HAMLIN. I would say, as is suggested
by my friend from Vermont, if the Senator from
Mississippi would be willing to occupy the floor
to-morrow, we should save a day by having him
do it. If he does not desire it, however, he need
not do so; but there is now pending before the Sen-
ate an appropriation bill. That is one measure
which, I apprehend, we can take up and discuss
without doing injustice to any absent Senator, or
to anybody else; and l think there are a great va-
riety of matters before the Senate which will lead
to no very considerable debate, and which may not
and need not be delayed in consequence of the ab-
sence of any Senator. I think it is wise; and I
think wc ought to take up those measures about
which there will be no disagreement, and dispose
of as many as possible. I would ask the Senator
from Virginia, who has charge of the appropria-
tion bill to which I refer, if there is anything on
that bill which necessarily requires us to delay ac-
tion on it, when we have time now? If there is,
I would not ask for action; but if there is no rea-
son to the contrary, I hope we shall take up that
bill and dispose of it, and all others of a like char-
acter.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only say, in regard to
that bill, that wc are through with the amendments
of the Committee on Finance, and wc have just
commpneed with those of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. The Senator from Arkansas, the
chairman of that committee, can answer better
than I can. There is an amendment pending,
offered by one of the Senators from California,
[Mr. Lati^am,] which was a matter of interest to
them. If the Senator from Arkansas is ready to
go on, I am.
Mr. C0LLAD1ER. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia if there are notothei appropriation bills.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the only one reported.
Mr. COLLAMER. The only one in the hands
of the committee?
