m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Modem Americanism—Mr. Barr.
Ho. of Reps.
party, the representatives of its principles, selected j
with so much unanimity, and now before the ]
people for the highest offices in the Government, '
their cordial and efficient support.
Much as they are devoted to the preservation
of the Union, and much as they desire the restora- ;
tion of harmony and concord between all sec- j
tions of the country, they will be deterred by no ,
menaces from an independent exercise of their j
elective franchise, according to the dictates of j
their judgment and their sense of duty. For |
when the election of the first officer of the Gov- !
ernment by a majority of the people, in accord- ;
ance with all the requirements of the Constitution, ;
shall be made the occasion, by any section of the j
country, of secession or rebellion—call it by what- j
ever name you may—or shall even shake the Gov- I
ernment from 44 turret to foundation," the time J
wik have arrived when its strength and power ;
may well be tested; and when, if it should prove j
inadequate to the exigency, it would be but too j
apparent that it was no longer worth preserving, j
But to no such extremity are we come; the fiery ;
recklessness of disappointed ambition will be re- |
strained by the sober second thought of the peo- j
pie; and if a Republican Administration shall be
inaugurated, on the 4th of March next, as the 1
resu'tof the coming election, we may well believe !
that those who shall have most earnestly depre- :
cated and resisted such consummation will await !
its action; and if, in thutevent, as v/c trust it will,
it shall approve itself honest, wise, faithful, and ;
just—just to every sectum of country, and to .
every interest—it will quiet alarm, disarm hostil-
ity, and deserve and win confidence and suprprt. j
MODERN AMERICANISM. ^
SPEECH OF HON. TIIOS. J. RARE,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
June 16, 1860.
The Uou<-c being in the Committee ot the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. BARR said:
' Mr. Chairman: At an earlier period of this
session 1 had intended to submit a few remarks in
reply to certain portions of a speech dehveied in
this Hall last December by an honorable member
from Tennessee, in which,as I conceived, whether
intentionally or not, great injustice was done to a
numerous and influential class of our fellow-c.iti-
zens, whose antecedents and present position in
reference to question* of sectional strife should
have shielded ihom from wanton attack on this
floor or elsewhere. I did not, however, at that
period, feel justified in adding to the confusion
and disorder which characterized the early weeks
of the session, by following honorable gentlemen,
even in the cause of justice and truth, m their ir-
relevant and gratuitous assaults upon the class of
citizens to whom I have alluded, although in thus
postponing my own convictions of duty at the
time to the pubiic tranquillity, then endangered by
the protracted struggle for Speaker of this House,
I ft:It that I would incur the suspicion of pusil-
lanimity among a large and highly respectable
portion of my own constituents. I well knew,
however, that they would pass unscathed through
the ordeal of obloquy which honorable gentlemen
were pleased to institute on this floor, for pur-
poses which 1 could not understand, and which
my high respect for the speakers did nut permit
me to inquire into, at least beyond the first con-
clusions of my own judgment.
Since the delivery of thatspoech, similar senti-
ments have been uttered in debate, which were
noticed by me at the time, and in one case with
a degree of surprise which any language I could
employ would fail adequately to express. That
Virginia, m the person of the honorable Repre-
sentative from her first district, should join in the
howl against foreign-born citizens; that he should
not think it beneath him to sport an ungenerous
witticism at the memory of the two brav .* citizens
of Irish birth who shed their blood and nobly fell
in repelling the fanatical assault of John Brown
upon Harpers Perry, seemed to me so inconceiv-
ably irreconcilable wit& the instincts, the chivalry,
the whole history, of the State which gave birth
to the father and founder of American Democ-
racy; the State which won the applause of the
whole Union by elevating to its highest office, on
the very issue involved in these assaults, and on
| the same or on any issue against orthodox De-
; mocracy would do the same to-morrow, the pure
| patriot, the national statesman, Henry A. Wise,
I that I could well comprehend why that honorable
! gentleman's colleagues hung their heads in silence
| and sorrow at the novel and humiliating position !
| which their noble old State was*made to occupy i
j in the eyes of the nation.
Mr. LEAKE. I have made no effort to make :
■ a speech here, but I do not think the gentleman
i has a right to, and I think if he will reflect a mo*
I ment he will not, hold old Virginia responsible for
j what any one gentleman has said, however high
; his position. Now, I have no hesitation in say-
I ing, if he gives a correct version—and I am in-
j chned to think he does—of the speech of my col-
i league, that the State of Virginia, with almost
j entire unanimity, repudiatesthatdoctrinc. Shehas
! no sympathy with it, and no feeling in common
j with it, but, on the contrary, I think the gentle-
I man from New York ought to remember that it
| was Virginia who strangled this hydra in his birth
j in 1855.
| Mr. BARR. If the gentleman will hear me
I through, he will see that i place the responsibility
for the sentiments uttered by his colleague jn the
| proper quarter, and relievo him and hts other col-
: leagues from the odium of any such doctrine.
; Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me to
j interrupt him a moment?
j Mr. BARR. Yes, sir.
j| Mr. PRYOR. Did I not speak of the assault
ij of Mr. Nelson- on adopted citizens ?
ij Mr. BARR. Yes; and 1 intend to do the gen-
ii tleman fulljustice oefore 1 get through. But,sir,
j| 1 will resume my argument.
j! Fraternization with the enemies of southern
;! institutions mighteasily be accounted for in north-
\\ ern Democrats, though with me it never could be
j] pardoned; but when we sen honorable Repre-
sentatives from southern States, elected as Demo-
1 crats and representing Democratic constituencies,
;! unite in these assaults with those who make war
upon " Romanism," as the gentleman from Ten-
jj nessee was pleased to designate the oldest and
i most numerous Christian Church upon eaith; or
:l upon "ignorant foreigners," as the gentleman
i from Vnginia stigmatized so large, intelligent, and
useful a class of our fellow-citizens, for the sole
and openly-avowed reason that the large majority
of all, and the whole of those of Irish birth, are
Democrats, it i<? time to pause; it is time for the
! Democratic Representatives from the free States
' to ask themselves the question, who are those
'' with whom we are working> What are the real
principles of that southern party, for whom we
have sacrificed so much? Ostracised, m many
instances crushed at home, among a people who
feel no other interest m the peculiar institutions
'I of the South, to which we have ever proved loyal,
'j beyond that prescribed and fixed by the common
'' bond of Democratic brotherhood; if I and others
who, like me, represent, and therefore know, of
I our own knowledge, the genuine patriotism, the
ardent devotion to the principles of American
liberty, and the general high standard of intelli-
'] gence of this class of our Democratic fellow-citi-
zens and constituents, were to permit ourselves
to be swayed by tWdingsof retaliation, nay, I will
^ go so far as to add, by the just and natural in-
stinets of self-defense, we would suffer these chiv-
| olrous southerners who assail our constituents,
not because they are adopted citizens, but rather
; because they cannot bo anything else but Derao-
i crats, to fight their own battles against the com-
,! mon enemy, with whom, on this question, they
chose to make common cause.
, But, sir, we do not measure our justice by the
'! rather questionable political orthodoxy of such
.j gentlemen. We draw a line of demarcation,
j These honorable gentlemen are exceptions to the
;i general rule. They may, in some particular
[j localities, where the leaven of old Federal toryism
II still preserves these narrow, illiberal principles as
'i family heir-looms, which have escaped theprun-
!| ing-kmfe of Democratic progress, find favor and
jj votaries; but when we see around us, m this Hall,
Si indignant colleagues repudiating theirsentiments;
when we know that Virginia, in her gubernatorial
contest of 1855, bared her breast to the storm,and
with the slmg-shot of her purest and noblest son
slew the foul monster that dared to pollute her con-
secrated soil with her hybrid progeny of corrup-
tion, proscription, and dark-lantern conspiracies,
it would be ungenerous in us to charge upon that
time-honored State the political obliquities of a
single Representative.
We shall not, therefore, be driven from our
safe Democratic moorings by the fitful gusts of a
tornado that springs from the miasma and swamps
of contracted and almost unknown localities; it
may spend its fury in vain, unless, perchance, it
should, by the attraction of affinity, be wafted
across the bay, and float over the neighboring city
of rowdyism and plug-law; it can neither affect
noi taint the healthy Democratic atmosphere of
Virginia, and can do but little harm outside her
borders.
With these general remarks, I beg now to invite
the attention of the House to a brief paragraph
from the speech delivered in this Hall on the 7th
day of December last by an honorable member
fiom Tennessee. On page 10 of the printed
speech, in reply to a question from the distin-
: guished member from the Petersburg district of
! Virginia, Mr. Nelson says:
' " So far as I am concerned, T glory in having been a
, member of the American party. [Applause.] I have avowed
! it be'toif my constituent}-, and I am not ashamed to avow
it before the whole land. I believe that party a noble
I party m its aims and in it-' purposes. l>ut I will not enter
■ into a (h.-.eus*.ion oi theni here nirther than to sav that, as I
j undeittand, one of them \va? to piotect the Pintet-tant reli-
gion of this land asainst the encioachrnents of Itomanism,
i [this latter word was spoken but not printed] fiom any and
! uvfirv ^natter, and the other was to pioteet Hie Ameueaii
! LTmon fiom a dissolution. These were the two cauhnal
objects oi the American p.irty. I claim not only to be an
| American, hut to he a Whijr, and to have been a Whig all
: my life. I am opposed to the modern Demociaey m every
| shape and in every form. [Renewed applause.]"
j We have here a very clear, if not altogether a
, very consistent, confession of faith. It is not,
however, a very logical one. It does not hang
| well together. There is an incongruity about it,
I especially as respects the ends it aims at and the
. means by which it proposes to accomplish those
I ends. There issomethingso nobly magnanimous
. and heroic m the gentleman *s avowal that one of the
; first purposes of Americanism was to protect the
Protestant religion of this land against the en-
1 croachments of Romanism, that I could not, at the
i moment, repress the expression of my regret that
; so able a coadjutor as the "Angel Gabriel" should
; have been lost to so good a cause in the trans-
! port prisons of Demarara.
j Docs the honorable gentleman mean by the
: Protestantism of this land" that Protestantism
| is the religion of the United States of America as
j Protestantism is the religion of England, or Cath-
: olicism is the religion of France, or Spam,or Aus~
1 tria, or Portugal, or of any other country where
Church and State are united either by public sen-
; timent or positive law? The sentiment often finds
i expression in the Sharpens rifle pulpits of the
! North, and, doubtless, was intended to be con-
! veyed by the honorable gentleman's language. If
! so, and in any sense, I would like to know to
j which branch or division of Protestantism the gen-
! tleman alluded ? The Episcopalians do not desire
| a national Church, with national bayonets and
i a national Treasury to keep it up to the mark
! of Apostolic unction. The Presbyterians—well,
people say they are starving for it, but they can-
not have it. Neither the hard-shell nor the old-
school Baptists desire it. The northern and south-
ern Methodists, by their sectional and distinctive
appellations, repudiate it. The Lutherans scout
it, and the Shakers spurn it because they are all
: old Jackson Democrats. And yet all these Chris-
tian denominations and sects, with some dozen or
. somore,makeupAmoricanProtestanUsm. Surely
the honorable gentleman ought to have enlight-
ened us as to which one was the fortunate object
of the vaunted championship proffered by the
Americanism of the honorable member from Ten-
nessee.
Like the ingenious Miguel de Cervantes, m his
life of that renowned champion and avenger of
injured beauty, the Knight de la Mancha, the
honorable gentleman excites the curiosity of the
world, and keeps it on the tip-toe of uncertainty
