1860.
the congressional globe.
trict. I tell you, from personal inspection, that
largu amounts of records, for want of accommoda-
tion, are left, day by day and year by year, lying
in public halls because there is no place to store
them. The Government owns one half of what is
known as the City Hall; the city of Washington
owns the other half, having paid for it. It affords
the city all the accommodations that it requires;
but your courts—judges appointed by your au-
thority—paid by your money, appointed for your
service, need larger accommodations than they
have now. Records, which are called United
States records, got up by your authority, are ex-
posediti the hailsof this building to-day,and have
been for years. What is asked is what would be
done in any State of the Union—what this Gov-
ernment does in every State—simply to furnish
ample accommodation for your own courts. I
may say, in addition, that this recommendation
conies, not alone from the circuit court of the Dis-
trict and from the other courts, but from at least
two of the Departments. I have never found a
Senator or Representative, who went and looked
at the thing as it was, who did not admit that
there was an absolute necessity for more accom-
modation for your own courts. With this ex-
planation, I am perfectly willing to take the vote.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the chairman of the
District Committee, who owns the ground of
Judiciaiy square?
Mr. BROWN. It belongs to the United States
absolutely. The city only owns one half interest
in the hall, divided by a line. The city occupies
one half of it, and the United States the other half;
but the ground belongs to the Federal Government.
Mr. POLK. When the amendment was first
offered, I was inclined to vote against it; but on
the explanation which has been made, I am rather
disposed to favor it; but I wish to ask a question
of the Senator from Mississippi. He says one
half of this building belongsto the city of Wash-
ington and the other half to the United States,
and it is proposed to add this to the United States'
half.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; of course, whatever
we add belongs to us.
Mr. HALE. Are not the Government and the
city tenants in common ?
Mr. BROWN. Not in that sense. Whatever
we build belongs to us. The history of the build-
ing is this: the city built it and the Government
bought out one half of it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I opposed this amendment in
committee; and I want to state, in less than two
minutes, the reasons which led me to oppose it
there, and will lead me to oppose it here: and I
hope it will be rejected by the Senate. I do not
know how long ago, but some two or three years,
these people came to the District Committee, of
which 1 was then a member, as 1 am now, and
told us they wanted full and ample accommo-
dation; and that if Congress would appropriate
$30,000, and finish oft' the building as it ought to
be finished, that would be all they would want.
We have done it; and now they come for another
$30,000. Do this, and they will come for another
|30,000 next year.
Mr. BROWN. TheSenatorisaltogetlierwrong
in his recollection of the facts. The §30,000asked
for in the beginning was to finish the exterior of
the building, and to lay the steps and the granite
work that was done ill front of it. That went in
payment for our half of the building. Afterwards,
m the circuit court room, there being very awk-
ward, very unseemly, and almost indecent ac- i
commodation for the court, Congiess appropri-
ated $3,000 to fit up the court room. That is all
you have done. Your $30,000 went to make you
equal with the city on the building. Now, it is
proposed to extend the accommodations of the
building—not for the purposes of this District. I
tell Senators that no person of this District, out-
side of the courts, has ever asked it; no citizen of
the District carcs a sixpence whether you do it or
not; but the Government officers, the court, and
those connected with it, say it is right; and I
know it is right, if you mean to give decent and
proper accommodations to your courts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following—andl believe this
is my lastamendment—to insert after line twohun-
dred and sixteen:
For grading and graveling B street south, from Seventh
mm
i to Fourteenth streets vvc&t. snttingcurb? and paving natter
witu stone, aud footway with brick, on the north side of
the same, next to the public reservation, $7,979 50.
That is on the south side of the Mall, and it
stands upon the same footing as the provision for
Missouri avenue. Last year the Senate made the
appropriation, but on account of some misunder-
standing in the House, it was stricken out, I
think for about two years, and perhaps longer,
the citizens have paved and graveled their side of
the street, and it is only asked that the Govern-
ment shall pave and gravel its side. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer this amendment:
Forthe prosecution of the work on the Capitol extension,
d™P|®eftscal year ending tlie3i)th of June,1861,thesum
OI cj'uJU jUi/y.
The estimate of the proper Department was
§500,000. Two hundred and four thousand dol-
lars, I think, has been appropriated to-day by an
amendment adopted for the purpose of paying the
debt owing on the Capitol extension. The ob-
ject of this amendment is to continue the work.
It is believed that with this sum the work can
progress during the next fiscal year. The amend-
ment has the sanction of the Committee on Public
Buildings and of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I offer a further amendment,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds:
For inclosing the Circle, at the intersection of Pennsyl-
vania avenue with New Hampshire avenue, and K and
Twenty-thud streets, with a wrought iron railing, fivefeet
high, $9,018 47.
That is the estimate for a railing around the
statue lately erected, at which there is now a
watchman, under the order of the Secretary of
the Interior, being necessary in order to pro-
tect it.
Mr. WILSON. How much is the amount?
Mr. BRIGHT. Nine thousand dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. Where is it?
Mr. BRIGHT. Around the statue of Wash-
ington. I have a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, recommending this appropriation, and giv-
ing the reasons. If any Senator desires, they can
be read. ["Question!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a further amendment,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds: .
For converting the old Senate Chamber into a court
room, the old court room into a Irav library, and for fitting i
up the roonirf m connection with them for the use of the 1
Supreme Court and its officers, ,$45,000, to be expended
undei the direction of the Uomnns,sioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The necessity for the adoption of this amend-
ment is apparent, I suppose, to most of the Sena-
tors acquainted with the situation of the old build-
ing. I hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. POLK. I desire to ask if there arc any
estimates which make this amount necessary? It
seems to lie large.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi has had the subject more particularly
under charge than I have. j
Mr. DAVIS. It was estimated for last year, i
When the Senate removed from the old Chamber, j
the room in which the Supreme Court had been j
sitting for many years being dark, the judges se- j
lected the Sena'tc Chamber, and they very much
preferred to have the hbiary immediately below |
them, with a connection by a private stair. The ^
amendment which is offered is in accordance with !
the plan and estimate that was adopted at the time, ;
and, so far as I know, meets the views of all the :
members of the Supreme Court. Some of them ]
I have conversed with. :
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think wv
have progressed with tins bill remarkably to-day. !
It is growing late. We have been hoie since
eleven o'clock. It is very seldom that I make a |
motion to adjourn; but I move now that theSen- ;
ate adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS, T hope not. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We cannot get j
through with the bill to-day. There are a great i
many amendments to be offered. i
Mr. TOOMBS. We have very little tnne left; j
and I supposed we might sit until nine or ten |
o'clock to get through with this bill. I hope we |
shall hold on. '
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to-w
ayes eleven, noes not counted.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thegaestioh
1S m t'ie amen^ment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HALE, I have been instructed by the
select committee which was appointed to considei-
the plan for the alteration of the Senate Chamber,
to submit the proposition.upon which they agreed
as an amendment to this bill; and if the Senate
adopt the plan which has been recommended by
the committee for the alteration of this Chamber,
we shall" want some place to sit in while the alters
ations are going on; and probably we shall take
trie old Senate Chamber. If the Senator has no
objection to letting his amendment lie over until
we try mine, and see whether it will be adopted
or not, 1 think it would be better.
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Senator propose
offering that amendment to this bill?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment. I think it a matter of great consequence
to settle the question whether we shall convert
the old Senate Chamber into a room for the Su-
preme Court. It is a matter that the officers of
the court and others connected with the building
are impatient about. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr, HALE. I am instructed by the select
committee, to whom the subject was referred, to
move to amend the bill by the insertion of a new -
section in these words;
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the superintendent of tfre
Capitol extension be, and hdMiereby is, authorized and di-
rected to alter and reconstruct the Senate Chamber in the
noitli e.\ton?ion of the Capitol, in conformity with the
report and plan piepaied by him, marked A,and signed by
the said superintendent and chairman of the select com-
mittee appointed for the purpose, with a view to its le-
moval to the northwest comer of the said noitli extension,
in accoulance with a resolution of the Seriate of the 19th
day of March, 1860, and that there be, and hereby is, ap-
propriated , out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopuated, thesum of $-200,000, foi the put pose ot carry-
in" thw nr t into oftWt ■ Provided, That all iron work re-
tina act into effect:
quired to cany out the provisions'of this act shall be pur-
chased, after due public advertisement, by contract with the
lowest bidder.
Mr. DAVIS. As I heard the amendment, it
would seem to imply that this was a plan approved
by the superintendent of the building. Do I un-
derstand it to be so asserted?
Mr. HALE. I will state the facts. We did
not ask him whether he approved it or not. The
committee met and heard various plans suggested,
and various suggestions were made by the differ-
ent members of the committee, and the superin-
tendent was then instructed to prepare a plan in
accordance with these suggestions. The plan was
prepared by the superintendent and submitted to
us, and has been here several days in the Senate
Chamber. I do not think that the amendment
reads that it was approved by him, bccause we
did not ask him, whether, as a matter of judg-
ment, he approved of the thing or not. He waited
upon us very courteously, and listened to all our
suggestions, acting substantially under the direc-
tions of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. That is to say, the superintend-
ent prepared a plan and estimate in accordance
with the directions of the committee. Of course
he would do that; but I did not suppose any-
body ever competent to be superintendent of the
construction of such a building as this could
have approved of the removal of the Senate Cham-
ber into the wing. The great object has been
to separate the Senate Chamber from exterior
noise, and to relieve the deliberations of the body
from any confusion which might be outside of
! the Capitol. All theheatingand ventilation have
I been directed towards the present "location of the
| Chamber. To remove it now into a wing, a room
j which cannot be made exactly suited to the pur-
j pose, which never can be brought to compare fa-
j vorably at all with the one in which we are now
I sitting, seems to mc to be an idiosyncrasy on the
I part of the Senator from New Hampshire, who
j insists on having a window which connects him
with the open air. We ail know the advantage
of having the Senator all the time m the Cham-
ber; but if he must be in the open air, it would
be even Letter for the rest of us tiiat he should
occasionally go out, than that we should all be
removed from a Chamber so admirably adapted
to the purposes for which it was constructed, in
order to bring the Senator from New Hampshire
contiguous to a window. There may be defects
