I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUNTER. Not the only one in the hands
of the committee; but the only one reported.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In answer to the question
propounded by the Senator from Virginia, I have
to say, that the Committee on Indian Affairs, not
anticipating that that bill would be brought up to-
9 day, have not prepared all the amendments which
they contemplated offering; but there are two
-amendments already proposed to the bill which I
aiii entirely willing shall be disposed of now. One
was offered by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Latiiam,] who is in his seat, and, no doubt, willing
to go on with the discussion. I suggest, therefore,
that we can make some progress at least with the
amendments already offered to the bill. One is the
ame-~"iment offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia, and the other is or.e which was submitted by
myself. I am willing to proceed as far as we can
with the bill to-day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I submitted the
motion that when we adjourn, we adjourn to meet
on Wednesday next. I really do not believe that
, it is well that we should meet here and go on with
business, particularly in regard to the case of Dart,
that was mentioned just now, nor in regard to the
Indian appropriation bill itself, for I know there
are seriously contested matters there. It so hap-
pens that there are many Senators absent from
their seats on both sides of the Chamber, and it
is, I think, but good faith to those absentees that
we should give them a reasonable time and op-
portunity to get back to their seats before we go
into the regular transaction of business. If it be
the wish of the Senate to go on and disregard that
^ state of facts, I have no objection to make, and
should withdraw the motion; but I can see no use
of coming here for an hour or two in the morn-
ing, when the time might be otherwise much bet-
ter spent by each member of the Senate, as it
seems to me. It is plain that we cannot go on
£ with business with the numbers that are here and
® that are likely to be here. I have no objection to
going oil with business myself, and if I could see
it apparent that that was the sense of the Senate,
I should withdraw my motion; but I do not think
that is the candid sense of the Senate; and I think
that a vote on the motion to adjourn until Wednes-
day, at which time we may have a full quorum of
this body, will show the sense of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is, that the Senate take up for
consideration the bill (H. R. No. 920) for the re-
lief of Anson Dart. The Senator from Arkansas
moves that when the Senate adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Wednesday next. By consent the
Chair will entertain that motion. _ Is the Senate
ready for the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Arkansas?
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 14.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now before the Senate is, that the Senate take up
the bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart.
Mr. LANE. I hope this bill will not be taken-
up to-day. We cannot, I think, do justice to it
at this time. The Senate is too thin. There are
too many vacant seats here to allow a measure
like this to pass; and I hope the Senate will not
take it up. If, however, they are determined to
take it up, I am ready to give the reasons why I
oppose it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from Ore-
gon, so far as he is concerned, will consent that
the bill be taken up on Wednesday, in the morn-
ing hour, I will withdraw the motion to take it
up now.
Mr. LANE. I have no objection, so far as 1
am concerned. I can make no arrangement for
the Senate, though. It is a private bill, and I do
not see'why it should be taken up out of its ordci
in preference to other private^ bills; but if it is the
pleasure of the Senate to take it up on Wednesday
morning, I shall make no objection.
STEWART MAGOWAN.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to bring to the
attention of the Senate an error which has oc-
curred in the spelling of a name in a bill we have
passed. I do not know that it is in our power to
correct it; but if it be, I should be glad to have it
corrected. A bill has passed both Houses grant-
inga-pension to Stewart Magowan. His name is
spelled Magowan. By mistake they have spelled
it McGdwan. "I desire to know if there can-be
any correction of this misspelling. It sounds the
same. I desire to inquire whether'it has been
signed by the President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that it has been sent to the President.
It is no longer in the possession of the Senate, and
the Senate cannot take any order on it, it not
being under their control.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I inquire as a question
of order whether the Chair supposes the spelling
can be corrected. It is not of much consequence,
I suppose, the sound being the same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest, that probably a shorter mode of
correcting the error would be the introduction of
a new bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, let it stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to take up the House bill No. 220.
SIIAWXEE INDIANS.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn,
if no Senator has any business to present.
Mr CLARK. I move that the Senate procced
to the consideration of the bill (H. R No. 368) to
pay the Shawnee Indians of Kansas Territory for
certain depredations committed on them by white
men. I think it will take butvery little time, and
may be disposed of in a few minutes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it were the inclination
of the Senate to adjourn, and not do any business
to-day, and no objection were made by the-Scna-
tor from Oregon, I was about to withdraw my
motion to take up House bill No. 220; but the
Senatchas not decided to adjourn,and if any bills
of this kind are to come up, I pr'efer that that bill
should be taken up. I think we can soon dispose
of it.
Mr. CLARK. Let t|jis go.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw my motion,
but with the understanding that I shall renew it
on Wednesdaymorning, and at the earliest op-
portunity, and press it until the bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire to take up the House bill No. 368.
Mr. GREEN. I really think it improper to
proceed with any of these bills in the absence of
so many Senators, and I move that the Senate
adjourn. -
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jipril 30, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. HATTON. Mr. Speaker, I submit the
motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I think at this
time it is the proper motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Before the question is
taken on that motion, I would ask gentlemen of the
other side whether it is proposed to do business,
or only that the House shall go into committee
for the purpose of hearing speeches, as was the
case last week. If it be the intention that we
shall do business in the House when the commit-
tee rises, I want that we shall know it now, that
we may take action accordingly.
Mr. 'HOUSTON. I presume that until absent
members return, the same course will be pursued
that was pursued during the last week. .
Mr CURTIS. There is no disposition on this
side of the House to take advantage of the Dem-
ocratic members who are absent.
Mr. CRAWFORD. With that understanding,
we are ready for the question.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bdfpixtov in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the tariff bill, on which the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Moore] had the floor.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by James Buch-
anan, his Private Secretary.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. With the consent of the gentle-
man from Alabama, I will make one remark. I
endeavored to get here before the-House went into
committee, but I have failed to do so. -Wednes-
day and Thursday next have been set apart for
the consideration of territo#ial business; butfrom
appearances, and the facts Ivhich are known to
the committee, the probability is, that the House
will be as thin on Wednesday and Thursday aa
it is this morning. Of course, I do not desire that
territorial business shall be called up when it
cannot be considered and acted upon; and I have
to suggest that two days of next week shall be
fixed for that business, instead of the days set
apart for it this week.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think that we had better
take no steps in the matter until the days set apart
for the business have arrived.
Mr. ASHMORE. I have no doubt that, at the
proper time, the House will make no objection to
taking the course indicated by the gentleman froifi
Pennsylvjyjia.
Mr. GROW. I have in part succeeded by bring-
ing the matter to the attention of the committee.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, addressed the com-
mittee for one hour, in opposition to the tariff
bill reported by Mr. Morrill. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ALLEY obtained the floor.
Mr.HAMILTON. IfthegentlemanfromMas-
sachusetts will permit me, 1 propose to make a
personal explanation. I will not consume more
than a few minutes.
Mr. ALLEY. If there be no objection, I yield
for that purpose.
There was no objection.
Mr. HAMILTON. I find in The Press, of
Philadelphia, under date of the 14tli instant, what
purports to be the report of the special committee
of this House, raised for the purpose of consid-
ering the propriety for a railroad connection be-
tween the Atlantic and. Pacific States. If the
chairman of the committee is present, I would
like to know whether it is by his authority or that
of the majority of the committee that it w«s pub-
lished in that paper ? I find my name appended
to that report, as if I had concurred in it. I find
the names cif other gentlemen attached to it, as if
they had concurred in it, when they and myself
were opposed to that majority report of the com-
mittee. If the chairman of the committee is pres-
ent, I would like him to state by what authority
the report was published in The Press, and by
what authority my name, and those of others op-
posed to it, were m it?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Curtis] is not in.the Hall.
Mr. HAMILTON. I regret to hear that he
is not present. At some future time I trust that
he will set myself and others right on this ques-
tion, inasmuch as we opposed the report at ev^ry
stage, and upon the final vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am in the same
category with the gentleman from Texas. I ap-
pear, in the publication he refers to, as having
given my assent to the majority report, when I
am opposed to it in all of its aspects.
Subsequently Mr. Curtis came in, and having
obtained the floor, said: Mr. Chairman, I un-
derstand during my absence this morning that
the honorable gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Ham-
ilton,] and the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Smith,] took occasion to revert to the
fact that their names are attached to the publica-
tion of the majority report of the Pacific railroad
committed, as though they subscribed to it. It
is true that some of the press have published the
report entire, and appended the names of all of the
committee to it. It is just to say that that pub-
lication was entirely without the authority of the
chairman of the select committee, or of other
members of that committee. The fact is that only
ten of the sixteen members of the committee
signed the majority report of the committee, and
some of the ten signed the report with explanatory
notes attached to their signatures
I am very sorry that all the members of the
committee did not sign it. 1 think it unfortunate
that they did not sign it. If we have one Mcinc
railroad it will answer our national purposes.
The one we have reported in favor of will have
