I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Modern Americanism—Mr. Barr.
Ho. op Reps.
and doubt, by withholding the name of his favor-
ite and favored dulcinea. Le-t that pass, however.
Whoever she may have been, whether the Epis-
copal or Methodist, the Presbyterian or Shaker,
the Lutheran or Quaker, or aii united together,
(and the elements would form a rare specimen of
united discord,) the idea, or the sentiment, or the
proposition, that any religion, or any one form of
religious belief, is the religion of " this land," the
religion of the United States of Amcrica, is a po-
litical absurdity so palpable that every school-
boy, with Rickey's Constitution in his hands,
could refute and expose it. And 1 thank God that
it is so. I do not wish to live to see the day when any
form of religious belief shall fasten itself upon the
arteries of our Government,and,like the vampire,
Buck us very heart's blood. And least of all do
I ever desire to see the Catholic religion occupy
that unsought-for position. Iam satisfied with
the high, conservative position it now holds in
this land. I am satisfied with the Constitution
as it is, and the principles uf our liberty as they
are: 44 every man free to worship God according
to the dictates of his conscience." When this
shall be changed, and a State religion established,
Sharpe's ritles will be withdrawn from bleeding
Kansas, arid pointed at the crushed and trembling
Conscience of every non-conformist in the land.
Our hbei tics will be at an end.
But the Americanism which thehonorablcmem-
bcr vaunted so highly, in its zeal to repel the
encroachments of " Romanism," may have over-
looked this peculiarity in the Constitution of this
land, and the consequent absurdityof a national
Protestantism, and merely designed to do battle
on its own hook, for some unuvowed, hidden,
mysterious purpose of us own. That this is the
more likely the rase, i am inclined to believe when
I recur to the peculiar manner in which Amen- >
canism has hitherto essayed to repel the encroach-
ments of Romanism: n manner which I feel wai -
ranted in saying would meet, and has met, with
the sincere reprobation of every truly Christian
Protestant in the land. It has, in the dead hour
of the night, when the inmates were secure in the
fancied protection of the law and unconscious
of danger, applied the incendiary's torch to the
convent boarding-school, and drove the helpless
children and the frightened ladies under whose
charge they were placed to seek shelter wherever
they could find itfrom theco'iflagration and flames
which enveloped their late happy home. The
blackened walls of the Ursuhne Convent in Bos-
ton attest this feat of Americanism. Surely it could
nothave been Protestantism that lighted that mur-
derous torch, for among those trembling, half-
naked fugitives were the daughters ot some ot the
firmest Protestants and purest, patriots of whom
America at this day can boast, it has reveled
in sacrilege and rioted in blood in the neighbor-
ing city of Philadelphia, burning churches, rob-
bing altars, hunting down priests as if they were
wild beasts, and crowning its infamy by spitting
in the face of a humble, unprotected Sister ot
Charity, while quietly walking along the streets
of that city, perhaps to one ot the hospitals to
minister to the sick or wipe the death-sweat from
the fevered brow of some unknown and unfriended
brother. This, surely, could not be the work of
Protestantism; and yetthe Americanism of which
the honorable member would unconsciously boast
lias done ail this—has gloried in all this.
Follow its blood-stained tracks everywhere
throughout the land—to Baltimore, to Louisville,
to Now Orleans; its woik is m each artd all of
those places. Its manner of protecting the Prot-
estantism of the land from the encroachments of
Romanism is exemplified, fearfully exemplified,
in the wail and desolation of the widows, and or-
phans it has made; in the blackened walls of'the
churches and convents il has burned; in the mur-
ders and assassinations it has committed; in the
midnight burglaries and felonies it has instigated.
These, these are the fruits of Americanism, as the
honorable gentleman employed the term. Surely,
the Protestantism of the land eould not sanction,
couid not approve, could not bless, such deeds in
its sacred cause. It is the merest pretense—it is
"putting on the livery of Heaven to seive the
Devil in"" to pioclaim that such atrocities as have
marked the career of the American or Know
Nothing party, should have been perpetrated in
the name or 111 behalf of any religious denomina-
tion in the land; and I am surprised that before this
time our estimable and pious Chaplain has not,
m behalf of his own respectable branch of Prot-
estantism, repudiated and repelled the unjust im-
putation. It must have been unjust to Protest-
antism, because it would argue a sad want of
confidence in its divine origin, or else confess to
a supernatural power in guiding and sustaminga
| religion which, in a population of some thirty
! million, counts only some five million worshipers.
The honorable gentleman need not" exercise
himself against the encroachments of Romanism,
as he styles the Catholic Church, because its en-
croachments are all directed against the dominion
not of this or that sect, but of the powers of
I darkness—the power that would enslave, 111 the
bonds of sin and death, the whole human family;
its mission to this office comes direct from God,
and in the future, as in the past, it will triumph,
by the blessing of God, over the combined efforts
of ail its enemies. In this eountry its history is
its best eulogy, as its prelates and priests and
members are the best exemplars of the purity of
its doctrines, and the self-sacrificing,unobtrusive
devotion with which it has fulfilled its high office
of teaching all nations the faith of a crucified
God. Its pulpits are not desecrated by political'
appeals to sectional fanatics, because its doctrines
are adapted to every section as well as to every
! clime; and yet they are uniform in all places and
countries, because they are Catholic and univer-
sal. And this fact southern Representatives
should not overlook, when they join in the howl
against Catholics issuing from the secret con-
; claves of those who have already canonized the
! miscreants who recently paid the penalty of their
' crimes on the gibbet at Charleston.
But, Mr. Chairman, let us pass from this topic.
. It should never have been dragged into debate in
l this Hall, and lam sure the honorable gentleman
I fiom Tennessee hmiself regrets that,in iheexcite-
ment of tne moment, he forgot that the rights of
conscience are of too sacred a character—Lhat a
man's religious belief, a belief not in reference to
tile fleeting, transitoiy things of earth, which are
but shadows after all, but looking up to God, to
eternity, to the life to come—is.a thing too holy
in its object, too sublime in its end, to be mixed
up with the fierce conflicts of political strife, or
dragged down to the mire of partisan warfare.
When Catholic pulpits are perveited into political
rostrums; when Catholic priests fulminate anath-
emas against southern slaveholders, and supply
1 the diabolical motives and the bloody mstru-
! menis of servile insurrection; when the Catholic
i Chinch teaches, as a dogma of faith, that "the
i slaveholdei's God is not my God;" in a word,
when " Romanism," if the honorable gentleman
| will so have it, interferes with or is incompatible
i with the rights, the institutions, the feelings, the
i happiness, or the liberties of any porfon or any
! section of our common country, North, South,
: East, or West, then, sir, arraign the Catholic
i Church—call it Romanism, or what you please—
I at the bar of this House, and let it meet the mer-
i ited reprobation of all honest men. Let the guilty
I as well as the guiltless throw the first stone. I
! myself, sir, will join in the general execration,
j and yet 1 shall still he a Catholic, because when
! these things happen, it will not be the Catholic
! Church that will sanction them; it will not be
"Romanism" that will have so fal.en, There
will be a new reformation, but Catholicism will
still survive.
Here 1 will leave the subject. I might say
much more; I could not say less. Let me hope
; —and I am quite sure I spe'ak the sentiments of
I every honorable member on this flooi; I will not
; even except the honorable member from Tennes-
! see himself—let us hope we shall hear no more
j of religion or the rights of conscience m this Hall,
'! except when it proceeds from the lips ot him
j! whose duty it is—and that duty is performed
! with edification and Christian fervor—to invoke
i upon our deliberations and upon our common
j country the blessings of Him who is the cora-
1 irion Father of us all.
lj From the same modern school, with the same
i| great object in view, but under a somewhat dif-
II fere tit system of political tactics, are we compelled
•I here, session after session, almost daj? after day,
to listen to the most unfounded assaults, the most
unwarraiitable'calumnics, upon alarge class of otjv
fellow-citizens whose capital, whether of labor, .
of intellect, or dollars, is embarked in the present
prosperity and the future growth of our beloved
country. It would be a curious, though ttf me a
distasteful task, to trace to its origin in this coun-
try the warfare that of late years has raged so
fiercely against that portion of our fellow-citizens
who, leaving the homes of their sires—homes,
perhaps, doubly endeared to them by the recol-
lection of their many bloody butunavailingstrug-
gles to bieak the oppressor s rod—have east their
lot among us by the act of their own free will.
We are all familiar with its more recent history.
When it appeared under the guise of the alien
and sedition laws, we know that it convulsed the
country to its very center, and had well nigh flung
us back again into worse than colonial vassalage;
for a foreign tyranny is much more endurable
than a despotism at your doors with the lash
over your shoulders.
In 110 poition of the Union was the spirit of~
resistance more active, ami the determination to
crush the daring innovation more earnest, than in
the old Commonwealth of Virginia; and this
noble State did crush it, and crush it eflfecttially.
The people of the United States called to the ch ief
executive chair of the nation Virginia's patriot
statesman, Thomas Jefferson, and with his ad-
ministration of the Government disappeared the
whole brood of Federal usurpations, and the piin-
ciples of a national Democracy, of a national
conjsei vative Democratic party, were planteddeop
and broad in the national heart. Since thatpeiiod
the same spiiit has reappeared under various
guises, but always under the auspices of the same
old Federal party. As the Hative American party,
! it lived out its day of intolerance and proscrip-
i tion; as the American or Know Nothing party, it
! assumed, perhaps, more formidable proportions—
! endangered more seriously public tranquillity and
1 the permanence of our institutions—than at any
| period, or under any other form, since the days
I of Jefferson and the repeal of the alien and setli-
j tion laws.
I True to her past history and to her proud posi-
I tion as the mother of States and of statesmen,
j Virginia again becomes the champion of the true
! principles of the Constitution, and nobly and tri-
S umphantly does she, a second time, assert and
! vindicate the cause of civil and religious liberty.
' I need not remind the House or the country that
i Amei icanism or Know Nothingism was the ifsue
' and the only issue presented to the people of Vir-
i ginia in the gubernatorial contest of 1855 in that
j State. Never, perhaps, since the foundation of
| the Government were the people of any State so
, thoroughly aroused to the importance of any one
; issue as were the people of Virginia to tlie'issue
; of " Americanism" during that memorable con-
; test. It was presented in its religious aspect, or
| in the crusade it made against Catholics; it was
i pressed in its political aspect, or in its war upon
foreign-born citizens. In its progress it extended
■ beyond the confines of Virginia. It was tile death-
I struggle of Know Nothingism throughout the
j Union. Money poured into that State from every
i section of the Union where Know Nothingism
; had a single votary, and orators were impoited
to impress and enforce upon the public mind the
doctrines of this then almost victorious faction by
all the powers of rhetoric and eloquence. The
issue was fairly presented; argument andsophis-
| try were exhausted; prejudice and passion and
|i bigotry were appealed to from the rostrum and
i; the pulpit. The orators of Know Nothingism
!j were legion. Oh! there was something morally
| sublime in the attitude which the noble arid un-
j! daunted champion of civil and religious liberty,
j' Henry A. Wise, then assumed before the nation—
ji before the world. Alone, but in himself a host,
the Constitution of theUnited States and the Bill
■ • of Rights of Virginia in one hand,and the sword
;! of truth in the other, he traversed the Suite; he
encountered the propagandists of error and big-
otry ot every court-house and every cross road.
Wherever his voice reached, wherever his words
of burning eloquence were heard, the disciples of
error were dismayed and .scattered; the people
rallied around their chosen chief, and from one
border to the other of Old Virginia were reechoed
