2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
in the ventilation of the room; I have not per-
ceived them. It is a very small matter to corrcct
those defects compared with the construction of
a new Chamber and the abandonment of one like
this, which must attract the admiration of every
.one who sees it, and which, in its acoustic effects,
is as perfect as any room of the size I ever saw.
I hope the Senate will not entertain the amend-
ment-
Mr. HALE. I did not hear everything that
the Senator from Mississippi said;butsofarashe
speaks of this Chamber being a matter for admi-
ration, that is a question of opinion or taste, and
I will not dispute about that. I am sorry that I
do not see upon the floor, at the present time,
my colleagues oil the committee; but I will ven-
ture to suggest a single remark that was made by
one of them, the Senator from South Carolina,
(Mr. Hammond,] who is not now in his seat;
whose opinion was that the arrangement here was
so bad and so unnatural, having heat come upon
the head and cold upon the feet, that of the new
Senators sworn in on the 4th of March 1859, if
they were subjected to this room for six years,
very few of them would be alive at the end of
their term. I think myself, with all respect,and
meaning to offend the feelings of nobody, that the
Senate Chamber is an utter failure. That is my
humble opinion, and I think in that I am con-
firmed by the opinion of the associates with me
- on the committee. After we had had various con-
sultations, and made suggestions, and the plan
was reported which is now hung up on the side
of the Senate Chamber, Captain Franklin, the pres-
ent superintendent of the construction, produced
to us the old plan upon which the Senate Cham-
ber was originally begun before the alteration,
and I think anybody who will look at it will say
that the plan now submitted by Captain Franklin
under the direction of the committee, is substan-
tially the plan that was then agreed upon. It
takes in the north windows, six of them I think,
carries the President's chair back to the wall, and
takes in three or four windows upon the west
end. This plan does another thing, which, I
think, will commend it to the consideration and
judgment of most members of the Senate. It re-
duces the galleries at least one half. The pres-
ent galleries are intended to accommodate about
a thousand persons, and under the plan now sub-
mitted by the committee, the galleries will accom-
modate about four hundred. In that respect it
conforms to the decided view of every member
of the committee, and makes a Chamber better
suited to the purposes of such an assembly as the
Senate is or ought to be—vastly superior to the
one we are now in.
I think, Mr. President, that this is a very im-
portant question. I think the present arrange-
ment is bad and unhealthy, and that this mode of
supplying air, pumped up from the basement by
steam engines, is not anv improvement upon that
which was devised by Providence, years before
the mechanical purposes of steam were discov-
ered by man. I think we had better take air as
it comes to us fiom the God of nature and of
heaven, if we can get it, rather than to submit it
to such a circuitous way as that in which it now
comes to us.
I do not make these remarks with a disposition
to find fault, or to throw ridicule upon anybody
or anything; but these are my opinions. I think
the Senator from Mississippi meant to be a little
witty on me, but I do not know what it was. If
I had heard what he said, 1 should have endeav-
ored to answer it as well as I could. I do not
know that I could make much out of it—probably
not.
These are the views which I entertain, and the
views of the committee thathadthe subject under
consideration with me. They are unanimous in
the opinion that moving the Chamber to the north-
west corner, according to the plan before us, and
takmgthe light and the air from the windows, will
be a very great improvement. As to the matter
of noise, we should be just as free from it as we
are now, and more so. ' The yard will probably
be extended, so that the building will be in the
center of the inclosure, and we shall be as free
from the noise of the street as we are in this room.
I do not wish to dwell on this subject. The Sen-
ate have the plan before them, and can see it and
know what it is. { am content to abide by their
judgment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I fear that
my honorable friend from New Hampshire, in
introducing this proposition, has touched upon a
question on which the members of the Senate will
be exceedingly sensitive before the matter is fully
decided. We may differ very much m our views
in relation to the improvement of the Senate Cham-
ber whenever we come to act upon that question.
Whether the Senate Chamber should be extended
out to the outside air on the north, and upon the
west, or whether, for the purpose of getting some
outside air, and outside light, windows should be
put over the doors and niches, and the ceiling
raised some ten or twelve feet without destroying
the roof, and with, perhaps, a tithe of the expense
of taking out all the interior arrangements, and
carrying the Senate Chamber out on the north
and west, is a very serious question; and coming
up on this appropriation bill in this way, will
lead to very long discussion before it can be de-
termined by the Senate, in my judgment, and
acted upon understandin^ly. This subject has
been called to my attention by the presentation
of altogether a different plan for the improvement
of the Senate Chamber, accompanied by a memo-
rial, which, perhaps, I ought to have presented
to the Senate before, bearing on this question—
a memorial of Mr. Anderson, the same person
whose plan it seems you have taken in reference
to the jail of the city. I do not propose to discuss
the question at this hour of the day; but this is
an important matter, as to the improvement of
the Senate Chamber; and it certainly will cost a
quarter of a million of dollars to make the altera-
tion of which the Senator speaks; and without
passing my judgment upon the propriety of any
alteration at all, or what alteration would be best,
I am opposed to putting an amendment now on
this appropriation bill for any alteration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment of Mr. Hale; and there were
nine ayes.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now offer the amendment
which I withdrew to enable the Senator from New
Hampshire to offer his:
For converting Hie old Senate Chamber into a court-
room. the old court-room into a law iibrarj, and iorfitting
up tiic looms in connection with them for the use of tho
Supreme Court and its officers, £45.000; to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
The question being put, there were—ayes 15,
noes 12.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. Lotus have a new division;
there are plenty of Senators around.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ought to have stated, per-
haps, that the appropriation is asked for by those
who are deeply interested in the benefit that will
result from it—the court and its officers; and I
had thought there was a general feeling in favor
of the improvement proposed. I ought to have
stated, when I was up before, too, that the esti-
mate is from the superintendent, and all the plans
and specifications are in the room of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings, and the improvement is
recommended because it is believed the public
interest and public convenience require it.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the question will be
taken over again. I am confident some Senators
have since come in.
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to say one word. I voted
against this amendment and I shall vote against
it again. I look upon this appropriation as a
most unreasonable and extravagant one. I am
willing to vote for a reasonable amount to fit up
the old Senate Chamber for the Supreme Court
room; but we are censured from one end of the
country to the other for extravagance in our ap-
propriations here for public buildings. I know
nothing about the details of this appropriation;
but the idea of appropriating $45,000 to fit up that
! room for the Supreme Court, is one that strikes
me as enormous in its character, and which the
Senate ought not to entertain.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not undertake to revise
the estimate; but I think there is an error in sup-
posing it is ali for one room. There is a good
deal of expense in that 100m to connect it with
tho room below; and the rooms on the same floor,
which formerly constituted the rooms of the Sec-
retary of the Senate and his clerks, arc to be turned
over to the Supreme Court. The fitting up of the
library below and the rooms on the same floor
for the clerk and other officers of the court, a con-
ference room, &c., together with the expense of
the old Senate Chamber, form the basis of the es-
timate. I cannot say whether the estimate is too
liberal or not.
Mr. PUGH. This matter was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaryatthe last session. Weex-
amined tho estimate, and I think we reduced it to a
very low figure—perhaps to the amount now pro-
posed. It is certainly a shame that the Supreme
Court of the United States has to hold its sessions
in tho. cellar, for that is about the amount of it.
There is no room more appropriate than that
which the Senate has lately vacated, and with the
adjaccnt rooms for the law library and the clerk, it
will be very convenient to the Senators who have
frequently business in the court, in the clerk's
office, and in the library. I hope, therefore, that
this amendment, which passed the Senate almost
unanimously at the last session, will now be added
to the bill. Tho House of Representatives threw
it out last year; but I hope the House will have
better sense this. I trust the amendment will bo
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER again put the
question on the amendment; and announced the
result to be—ayes 17, noes 16.
Several Senators. There is not a quorum
voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are but
sixty-five Senators, and thirty-three is a majority
of that number.
Mr. HAMLIN and Mr. HALE. There are
sixty-six Senators.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. Eut there is
one vacancy.
Mr. HAMLIN. But it takes a majoiity of a
full Senate-to make aquorum. You have to count
the whole number of the Senators that there would
be ifthe Senate was full. That is the rule. Thirty-
four is a quorum, and nothing less.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not vote. The Chair will decide it by voting m
the affirmative. That makes a quorum.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Allow us to
call the yeas and nays, if you please, before you
doit. That is taking a judgment 011 us rather too
early. I suggest to the Chair that, before decid-
ing the question, he allow us to call for the yeas
and navs.
The "PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas call for the yeas and nays?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir; be-
cause I do not believe it is risht.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
put the question 011 seconding the call for the yeas
and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK.. I am in favor of fitting up this
room for the Supreme Court, but I cannot vote to
appropriate this amount for the purpose.
Mr. KENNEDY. I desire to say, without
detaining the Senate, that I am in favor of fitting
up these rooms in very handsome style, to accom-
modate the Supreme Court; but, for the life of
me, I do not see how it will take §45,000 to do it.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
state to him that the old building was made on a
particular plan, which requires an alteration of
the walls ?
Mr. KENNEDY. I do not desire to discuss it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 do notbelieve
it ought 10 take $45,000. It seems to me that the
room which was good enough for the Senate, is
good enough for the Supreme Court; nor do I ap-
preciate the declaration which we have heard here
from a Senator on the iloor, that the rooms around
the Senate Chamber must be made better. It
seems to me that that which did for the Vice
President and the services of the Senate, ought
to be quite good enough for the Supreme Court.
T do not believe this amount ought to be voted.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment,
by striking out the word "forty" before the word
"five."
Mr. BRIGHT. Senators seem to be laboring
under the impression that nothing but the old
Senate Chamneris to be improved by the money
appropriated here. Such is not the fact. The
