866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
I agree that the system here is not near as good
as it would be if you incorporated these banks
and made them public institutions for the very
purpose of supplying the community with ac-
commodation and currency, and then visited them
by your proper officer to see that their notes were
secure, and that they rested on the proper basis
of specie. That would be the resolution I should
offer, if the report was up, instead of the resolu-
tion which the committee has recommended, that
it is inexpedient to grant any acts of incorporation;
but that is not up, and I content myself with giving
my observations on the bill itself.
It is well known by every one who has studied
this matter of cumncy, and the effect of the pre-
cious metals on the prices of labor and the pro-
ducts of labor, that it has been a settled axiom
among statesmen, that, as the volume of the pre-
cious metals increases m the commercial commu-
nities of the world, so the value of the products
of labor increases, and the wages of labor increase
in consequence. That has been a rule adopted
by those who treat this matter as a science; and you
will find, by looking into their writings, that after
the discovery of South America, when such a vast
influx of the precious metals went into Europe, in
the course of three hundred years, the volume of
the precious metals had increased fivefold through-
out the commercial communities of the world,
and the value or the prices of products had in-
creased fivefold during the same period. How is
it now? As we have been discovering gold in
California and Australia, everybody can see by
the tables that we have more than doubled the
amount of the precious metals in the world in ten
years; but you cannot perceive the slightest dif-
ference in the value of property, or the value of
the products of labof, or of labor itself, in conse-
quence of this vast increase of the precious metals,
f have been astonished at this fact, which is the
greatest solecism of the age, and I can account for
it in no other way than this: as we have been
adding to the volume of the precious metals, we
have been destroying private credit at the same
time to about the same extent, and thus kept it
about even. For the last quarter of a century
these experiments on the credit of the world have
been going on, and we have been reducing credit
about as fast as we have added coin, thus para-
lyzing altogether the usefulness of the increased
amount of coin. You find here that you propose
to reduce the amount of accommodations of this
city one half by striking these banking institutions
out of existence, when there is no call for it, 110
need for it. There is about a million of banking
capital here for a population of seventy thpusanil
people. In the State of Rhode Island we have
about twice that number of people, and we em-
ploy in banking capital more than $20,000,000—
twentyfold what it is here, with about double the
population.
I trust that the Senator from Louisiana will
consider a while before he presses this measure.
It has been pressed upon us two or three times
within the past two years, and with all the atten-
tion that has been sought to be drawn to it, it has
not been seconded by one suggestion from a single
individual of this city, to my knowledge. I have
never seen any memorial, never heard of any
complaint of abuse by these associations of their
privileges, if they may be so called. The Sena-
tor from Louisiana, 111 his report, said that iie
issued circulars to an association in Georgetown
that had been appointed since these charters ex7
pired, and therefore did not derive any of their
powers from the former acts of incorporation, and
that he was under a -mistake in issuing a circular
to.them, calling on them to put themselves within
the power of his committee. I should like to
know of that Senator whether there is any differ- j
ence in point of principle between an association
which has been formed since the acts of incorpo- J
ration expired, and an association which was in
existence at that timer Suppose the Bank of i
Washington had conveyed all its assets to the |l
Senator from Virginia, who spoke 011 this subject Ij
the other day, 111 such a manner that various Sen- |j
ators who answered him thought that, considering 11
his relations, he spoke very singularly; suppose ij
they made that transfer to a single Senator, and ii
he had turned it over and put the whole property
in trustees, as the cashier of this bank did, and
required them to use it for his benefit; that every
dollar of interest that was accumulated by this
institution should be handed over to him: I
should like to know if, after that purchase of the
assets of the Bank of Washington in 1844, he
would not have had a perfect right to put it into
the hands of trustees, to be used as a banking
capital for his own benefit? No one will doubt
that; and I should like to know if the Senate has a
right to pass an order of its own body, appointing
a committee to go and look into the affairs of the
Senator from Virginia, see to whom he has loaned
money through his agent, and how good his se-
curity is. That is what you attempted to do in
regard to these other associations, and they are
precisely the same in principle. The corporation
m Georgetown, which has been created since
these charters expired, he does not profess to
visit; or rather, he apologizes for having sent
them a letter, and says he was mistaken as to
their origin. I can see ho disability that an asso-
ciation was under that was incorporated half a
century ago, and, at the expiration of the term of
its charter, conveyed its property to trustees
legally, which would not apply to one created the
day the transfer took place. They are as entirely
independent of the charter as if the charter had
never existed. The charter is dead and gone,
having 110 effect whatever, except it may be the
provision as to notes under five dollars. This
institution in Georgetown—I forget its name—
the Senator admits it would not be proper to go
into this rigid investigation as to its affairs 
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator excuse me
a moment? When this committee was appointed,
all the banks in this section of the country were
in astate of suspension—a matter exciting general
interest; and I entered into the subject with some
degree of interest, supposing that perhaps it might
become proper and necessary to draft a bill here
for the regulation of the banks in the District of
Columbia, and thatitmightserve,insome degree,
as a model for other institutions throughout the
country. At the time this committee was raised,
in common, I believe, with every other member of
the committee, I supposed these banks had some
special and peculiar privileges. We believed that
they either existed under charters granted by Con-
gress, or claimed so to exist. In the course of our
examination, however, we found that they had no
charters, no corporate existence; that they were
mere associations of individuals, assuming bank-
ing power and privileges, not controlled by any
law, and not amenable to any examination. It
was under a false impression as regarded the facts,
that those inquiries were addressed to the differ-
ent banks. One of them stated that it had never
been chartered. The others replied, as became
evident in the course of the examination, that
whatever might have been their corporate privi-
leges originally, and whatever their obligations
might have been to submit to the examination of
the constitutional power in the District of Colum-
bia, that had long since ceased; and I admit that
no committee of Congress has a right to examine
these banks, as banks. They are beyond all ju-
risdiction of Congress; and they can refuse, at
pleasure, as they have refused in every instance,
to submit to the proper examination of their affairs
by a committee of investigation. Thatis the state
of the case, and there is the difficulty which the
committee has endeavored to remedy.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then it turns out that all
this examination was wrong; that the Senate had
no business to appoint a committee to inquire into
the matter at all; no more than you had a right to go
to a private banker'liere and ask him to whom he
loaned his money, at what rate of interest, and the
kind of security ho got. Every man of them is
holden individually for every debt that these in-
stitutions owe. They are just as much private
associations as if they issued notes for groceries;
and we have just as much power to go into agro- •
eery store and ask whether its credit is sound. I
Mr.SLlDELL. Unquestionably; I admit that. I
Mr. SIMMONS. Yet the whole theory of this
movement is, that these banks have not submitted
to a proper examination, and that this bill ousht
to be passed to punish them for it. I say that the
Congress of the United States, if they want to act
as, m my opinion, becomes a Government,
should do what the Senator charges the banks
with having impoi tuned them to do—grant them
charters of incorporation, make them public in-
stitutions, supply the people of this District with
the ordinary facilities for business, and reserve,
in the acts of incorporation, a right to visit them
and keep them sound. That is the true theory;
but I do not like this kind of legislation that looks
like legislation in temper, because they havebi en
forced to the necessity of resorting to these pri-
vate acts, acts that subject the whole of eacli one's
property for the payment of every debt of the in-
stitution. You have forced the people here to take
011 themselves burdens that were unnecessary, by
refusing acts of incorporation to these parties; and
I think it would be very unwise for us who are
sent here to legislate for them, under no control
by them, to impose on them additional burdens,
withoutgiving them the slightest advantage what-
ever. They act as individuals; they have estab-
lished an exalted credit here; and why should we
interfere with them in this way ? .
There is a great deal said about small bills.
The Senator from Virginia stated,as well and as
clearly as it could be possibly stated, that if yon
destroy the circulation of these banks, as a matter
of necessity the people here will have to take a
poorer circulation; and the reason that the chan-
nels of circulation are filled up here with paper
now, is because the banks do not take it at par
in payment of debts; and whenever there is a
half per cent, discount on the money of a neigh-
boring State, it always takes the circulation, and
all the bankable money goes to pay the notes due
to the banks; and we have found, in the principal
cities of our State, that it was necessary to put all
the country money at par in order to keep our
city notes in circulation. We take it all alike,
and then we get a chance to have our own cur-
rency. It forces them to make the whole currency
of the community of one value, and take it in pay-
ment everywhere. That is what would have to
be done here, if these banks had charters and
should do much business in that way.
I object entirely to the Congress of the United
States undertaking to cripple the remaining credit
that these institutions have. They are a great
advantage to the community here; and you will
fill the channels of circulation with bills not near
as responsible, in my opinion; for the worst ones
will go the furthest off to get a circulation where
they are least known. That is the rule about
circulating bills, at least with banks of doubtful
credit. You increase the rate of interest, and you
will cripple everybody here in the small business
they are doing.
The design of this bill can be seen. It is al-
ways said, whenever any attemptis made to cripple
credit, that it is done for the benefit of men who
are not acquainted with credit—people who go to
market—laborers, for fear that they shall have
something that is not worthy of credit put upon
them as money. That has been the argument
everywhere, that they wanted to take care of the
poor; but the practice is that, in taking care of the
poor and the productive classes in the commu-
nity, they generally make the debtor classes pay
for what accommodations they are obliged toiiave
for carrying on their business. Thatis the result
of it; and itinures to the benefitof money lenders
instead of those who hire money. I never know
an instance in which it was undertaken to tamper
with the currency, where the result was not to
raise the rate of interest and put burdens on the
producing classes, to inure to the benefit of the
money lenders. It will be so here; and I always
regret to see any attempt made to interfere with
the'eredit of the institutions that are supplying'
the community %vith the means of transacting
business, especially where there is no call for it
It seems to me to be a strange idea to think thai
you relieve poor men by getting rid of one-dullai
bills and five-dollar bills, and having no notes
under twenty dollars. The Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. P. 1:\\jam 1 v] said that he was very much
annoyed when he received one-dollar bills in
change for a larger note. He calls them trash,
and wants to deal in larger figures. Now, I should
like to know if he would be any better judge of
the genuineness of a twenty-dollar bill than"of a
one-dollar bill. If he took a bad one-dollar bill,
he would only lose one dollar, but if he took a bad
twenty-dollar bill, he would lose twenty times as
much. It does not make anybody better ac-
quainted with the character or genuineness of a
bill to have it a twenty-dollar bill instead of a one-
dollar one. I admit, and if my opinion wasi^orth
anything, I would say to the banks of my State,
that the best standard for the circulation of paper
