1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
two arms, intended to extend north and south.
• It seems to me that the members who refused to
approve the report ought to have approved it. In
justice, I must say, however, that Mr. PfiELPs,
Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Smith of Virginia, Mr.
•Hindman, Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Aldricii, did
not sign the report, although the report published
in some of the papers shows th&t they did.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, in the remarks
which t shajl submit to the consideration of the
committee at this time, I propose to discuss the
principles and purposes of the Republican party,
the causes which led to, and the necessity of, its
organization, the inevitable tendency of its doc-
trines, and the final result of its action.
Slavery has been, to a greater or less extent, a
disturbing element in our national politics ever
since the organization of the Government; in fact,
political differences were occasioned by it, and
sectional prejudices grew out of it, at a perjod
long anterior to the formation o'f the Federal com-
pact. The establishment, encouragement, and
perpetuity of the African slave trade, on the part
of Great Britain, against tlie remonstratfee of some
of the colonies, was among the causes which Ted
to,the American Revolution. When the Consti-
tution was framed and adopted, slavery existed
in all the States save one, and to her great glory
be it spoken—that State was Massachusetts. The
manner in which slavery was abolished in Mas-
sachusetts in 1780, seven years before the Federal
Constitution was framed, is as honorable to the
historic fame of her judiciary as it was to the
patriotism and sense of justice of her people. It
was not abolished by legislative enactment, but
simply by the decision of her supreme court, that
slavery was incompatible with the principles of
her constitution, and the declaration of sentiment
in its preamble. Thus it was that slavery ceased
forever within her borders. And Massachusetts,
ever true to this doctrine of her constitution,
stands forth to-day with no law upon her statute-
book in proscription of the unfortunate African,
except it mayb in obedience to what is believed
to be the higher law of the Constitution of the
Union.
The almost universal sentiment of the North is,
that slavery is a great moral, social, and political
evil; productive of no good, but much of evil to
the master, as well as to the slave; and to hold
him as a chattel is in* violation of every precept of
Christianity, of every axiom of liberty, of every
sentiment of justice, of every feeling of human-
ity. While they hold it to be a duty to oppose
its further extension, they do not regard them-
selves as politically responsible for its existence
and perpetuity in jhe States. So long as many of
the most enlightened and gifted men of the South,
who were statesmen and patriots, regarded it as
an evil, and deplored its existence, and agreed
with the North that it ought not to be extended,
and declared, also, that it could not be defended
upon any other ground than that of uncontrolla-
ble necessity, the North were satisfied to be quiet
and content. But when it was discovered that it
was the determined purpose of the South, in vio-
lation of all law and precedent, to force slavery
everywhere, the people of the North became
aroused, and now stand ready, with a unanimity
proportioned to their conviction of the purposes
and designs of the South, to declare " thus far,
but no further"—not another inch of slave terri-
tory.
, U{)on this question of the extension of slavery,
the South has been gradually growing desperate,
until now it openly announces its treasonable pur-
pose to dissolve this Union, if not permitted to
use the whole force of this Government to extend
and protect slavery in all the national Territories.
Many far-seeing and sagacious people at the North
have predicted for a long time this design of the
South, but were unable to make the mass of the
people believe it. But " whom the gods wish to
destroy, they first make mad." The South have
proclaimed it in unmistakable language; and the
anti-slavery sentiment of the country will now
take possession of the national Government. It
cannot be averted. The South may rave and howl
as much as it pleases; itmust be done; and'Ietme
say to the South, these chosen Republican leaders
will so administer the Government thfit every in-
tere%will be protected; that exact and equal jus-
tice will be done to the North as well as to the
South, to the East, and to the West, I am sorry
to see, on the part of some, a disposition to apolo-
gize for the position and action of the-Republican
party, and claiming that the organization is a
purely defensive one. It is well enough to state,
what is the fact, that had it not been for the mad-
ness of the South upon this question, the Repub-
lican party would never have obtained its pres-
ent gigantic proportions. But this party needs no
apology. It asks for nothing that is not clearly
and constitutionally right; and apology for its
action is as much out of placo*as an apology for
the views and actions of Washington, Henry, Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, Webster,-and Clay,
upon this question of slavery and its extension.
It stands where they stood, condemning .slavery
and opposed to its further extension; and, like
them, disclaiming anypurpose or authority to in-
terfere with its existence in the States. Its fault,
if any, is what theirs was, in being too conserva-
tive to satisfy the anti-slavery sentiment of the
country.
General Washington wrote to Robert Morris,
as follows:
"I can only say that there is not a man living who wishes
more sincerely than 1 do to see a plan adopted for the ab-
olition of if; hut there is only one proper and effectual mode
hy which it can he accomplished, and that is, by legislative
authority. And this, as far as my suffrage will go, shall not
he wanting."
Should not this testimony of the immortal
" Fatherof his Country," in favor of our princi-
ples and action, justify our position to the coun-
try and the world ?
Mr. Jefferson declared it to be the sincere wish
of hishcart to see slavery abolished; for, said he,
" I tremble for my country when I reflect that
God is just, and his justice cannot sleep forever."
And, alluding to its violent overthrow, he declared:
" The Alnnghtylias no attribute which can take
side with us in such a contest."
Patrick Henry declared: " That he honored the
noble eiFort to abolish slavery."
Mr. Madison said that slavery found no just-
ification in the laws of justice and right, and its
extension should be resisted.
Mr.-^Monroe was equally emphatic in his de-
nunciation of slavery; and in his speech in the
•Virginia convention, he said:
" We have found that this evil has preyed upon the very
vitals of the Union, and has heen prejudicial to all the
States in which it lids existed." ,
Mr. Webster declared " that his right arm
should be severed from its socket sooner than it
should cast a vote favoring the extension of sla-
very."
Mr. Clay declared " slavery to be a great moral,
social, and political" evil; and he advocated, with
great earnestness and power, at every period of
his life, the gradual emancipation of the blacks.
These illustrious characters and eminent states-
men, if living to-day, with these opinions of theirs
standing upon the enduring records of the nation's
history,could notreceive the smallest commission
for public service at the hands of this national
Administration—an Administration which will
remain in all coming time as a standing monu-
ment of usurpation and crime.
The Republican party reflects every shade of
opinion upon the question of slavery. The or-
ganization contains within its limits the mo'st
ultra conservative men, and the most zealeus anti-
slavery advocates, agreeing only upon one object,
namely, the determination to prevent the further
extension of slavery.
The Democratic party contains within its folds
the rankest secessionists or disumonists and the
mildest conservatives, but all equally bent, at least
so far as the organization is concerned, upon ex-
tending and perpetuating human slavery. But
neither of the extremes of-these two wine;s is
destined to be immediately successful in obtaining
possession of the national Government. Thedis-
unionists of the South could no more succeed in
placing a representative of their ideas in the pres-
idential chair, than the Abolitionists of the North
can elect one of their number to that high position.
But the anti-slavery sentiment of the North is
thoroughly aroused; and, acting in conjunction
with the conservatism of the whole country, it will
place in the presidential chair, on the 4th of March,
1861, a Republican President of conservative tend-
encies but firm convictions; and whether he be
the distinguished SenatorofNew York or any one
else, he will be sustained by the whole people of
the North and tha patriotic men of the South.
Ycru may as well make up your mind to it; you
must submit to it.
These threats of dissolution of the Union are
as the idle wind. The great body of the people
at the South are not so deficient in understanding
and intelligence as not to know that they could
not live a moment, and maintain " their peculiar
institution," outside of the Union, in hostility to
the North. I have no fear of any serious move-
ment for dissolution on the part of the Sout^.
"Barking dogs never bite." I confess I have
some fears of the North, although I know they
are a magnanimous and forbearing people; yet
multitudes are beginning to feel that there is a
point beyond which "forbearance ceases to be a
virtue." When they consider that their corjyper-
cial, their manufacturing, and all their political
interests, are rfeglccted and sacrificed, and every-
thing made subservient to the interests of shnery,
as they have been for years past; I say, when all
this is fully realized, as it soon must be, it is im-
possible to predict what the consequences will be.
Certain it is, that, first of all, they will rise in
their might and demand their rights under the
Constitution and laws. But let me tell gentlemen
of the South, this Union will never be dissolved
by them; it will take a mightier arm than theirs
to overthrow this Government. -Jf dissolved at
all, it will be by the resistless will of the North.
Gentlemen talk about the white people of the
South as though they were the special objects of
God's providence; and they taunt the white labor-
ers of the North with being slaves to the capital-
ists of the North. 1 heard a southern Senator
declaim the other day upon the floor of the Senate,
and stigmatize the free States as servile States.
Yes, sir, he repeated it—servile States; and I have
heard Representatives upon this floor talk about
the white slaves of the North. Let me say to
those gentlemen that there aremultitudes of labor-
ing men in the district I have the honor to repre-
sent, as there are all over the North, who are the
equals in mental and moral culture, in general in-
telligence, and in all the attributes that constitute
a true manhood, of a large majority of the south-
ern Representatives upon this floor. Why, sir,
there are several mechanics who belong to a lit-
erary society in my o.wn neighborhood, who are
dependentupon their daily labor for support, that,
for learning and eloquence, are hardly surpassed
by the distinguished Senator from Virginia whom
I heard make the remark. Labor at the North is
respected; and it is only the idle and vicious that
are degraded and despised. How is it at the South ?
There labor is despised because of slavery; and the
average condition of the great body of the non-
slaveholders of the South—and they constitute four
fifths of the whole—will not begin to compare fa-
vorably in education, general intelligence, moral
worth, and manly feeling, with the average of the
native negro population of my own State; and
when I say this I say what 1 know from personal
observation and knowledge; for I have traveled
extensively in the South, and know much of its
iristitutionsand people. The North have no desire
to disparage the people of the South. We feel that
they need our sympathy and pity more than they
deserve our censure; but their arrogance and brag-
gadocio cannot but excite derision and contempt.
A distinguished foreigner remarked to me, some
time ago, that he had been travehngat the South,
and nothing amused him more than the affecta-
tion of superiority over the North which many
of the southern people assumed. " Why," said
he, " as a whole, they bear no better comparison
with the North than a last year's almanac does
with the finest edition of Washington Irving's
works."
the South has been prolific in great men, and
nearly all her eminent statesmen in the past have
borne their testimony against slavery, and op-
posed its extension; but the lessor lights of the
present have discovered that they were all in er-
ror. Their men of to-day pronounce slavery a
blessing, both to the master and the slave, to be
nourished, extended, and protected,notwithstand-
ing they see all around them the evidences of
blight, desolation, and decay, which everyone
outside of the slave States can perceive is " as-
cribable to the withering, blasting effects of sla-
very." Take Virginia, for example. Less than
seventy years ago this State contained twice as
many inhabitants as New York, and her political
power in Congress and the electoral colleges was
