I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
entire rooms belosv are to be changed. There is
to bo a library room, and rooms for tlio cicrk and
other officers of the court, below. Then the Sen-
ate Chamber is to be converted into a room for
the sessions of the Supreme Court, and the rooms
adjoining into consultation rooms for the judges,
with some other rooms for their convenience. 1
did.not say that I knew the sum proposed was
more than sufficient; but I have relied entirely
upon estimates made by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings. 1 suppose that he made an
honest estimate; that he estimated for no more
than he thought sufficient to put all the rooms—
not one, but there are perhaps ten—in a conve-
nient condition for the court and their officers to
occupy. If Senators think the sum too large, I
do not wish to be a party to an appropriation that
could be considered extravagant; and if Senators
on their own knowledge can say that a smaller
sum will answer, I will vote for the smaller sum;
but I think the work ought to bedone;the change
ought to be made soon.
Mr. MALLORY. I have no doubt the esti-
mate is a correct one. It is impossible for the
Senate to say that it is not. It has been confided
to careful hands, and no doubt the estimate is cor-
rect, and the money will all be expended if the
appropriation be made; but I shall vote against
the amendment, not because I am adverse to fit-
ting up the Supreme Court room properly—and
this sum of money would undoubtedly build a
separate buiidmg for them—but because I would
vote to-morrow to return to the old Senate Cham-
ber; and I hope to see the day when we shall
do so.
Th? PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire, to reduce the appropriation from
§45,000 to §5,000.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 desire to say that I shall
vote against this proposition, because I wish to
fix the sum at ^20,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 11, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Hale, Hamlin,Harlan, John-
son ot Ark;in-:i^. Johnson ot" Tennessee, King, Mailory,
Peaiee, WilKLasOn, and Wilson—11.
X Anthony, Bigler, Crac?, Bright, Clark,
Cllnginan, Collamei, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, Fitcli,
Fool, Gvvin, Hammond, Hemphill, iverson, Kennedy,
Lane. Latham, Polk, Powell, Pugh, Sebastian, Ten F.yck,
Toonihs, Tiumbuil, and Wade—*27.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move to strike out
§45,000, and insert $20,000. I think the work
can perhaps be done in a comfortable style for
that sum, though, to be sure, it is a mere guess
of mine. The Senate does not seem to like a
larger sum. '
Sir. KENNEDY. Is it in order to amend the
motion of the Senator from North Carolina?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will name $25,000, at
the sai,2;estion of Senators.
Mr."BRIGHT. I shall not wrestle with what
I consider to be a settled opinion of the Senate.
I believe there is a majority against appropriat-
ing a larger sum: and I will accept the proposi-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina to fix
the sum at *^25,000, but adding a proviso that that
amount shall finish it; for I do not believe in first
refusing a large sum and giving a smaller one m
order to commence a work, and aftei wards appro-
priating the full amount. I hope there will be no
objection to my amendment as I nave now mod-
ified it.
Mr. BRAGG. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from North Carolina whether there is
anything in the amendment which refers to the
plan. If I understand the matter, the plan, which
is now before me, is furnished as the basis upon
which the committee have proposed that this
amount be appropriated. It proposes a change
in that whole portion of the old building; and if
I understand the Senator and those who favor
this amendment, this s45,000 is but a beginning
in the way of expense which this plan wi.l re-
quiie to be carried out; and 1 should like to m- \
quite whether the estimate of Captian Meigs does |
not require a much larger sum to carry out the j
plan which is now exhibited to the Senate. j
Mr BRIGHT. I will say, that if 1 supposed i
it would take more than §45,000, I should not
have offered the amendment.
Mr. BRAGG. I want to know if the estimate
is not for a larger amount?
Mr. BRIGHT. Not to my knowledge. Forty-
five thousand dollars was to finish it, as I under-
stood.
Mr. DAYIS. The estimate was to complete
it; and while I am up, I will add that the amount
which it will require will depend more or less on
the style adopted. You could make a pine table
for one twentieth the cost of the mahogany desk
on which the Senator writes. How far the ex-
pense may be reduced by reducing the style, I
am not prepared to say.
Mr. "1RUMBULL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the Senator from Louisiana to know why
tliis is to be done under the Commissioner of
Public Buildings. It seems to me that this work,
to be in harmony, should be under the same
supervision as the entire Capitol. I understand
from a remark of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, that this is a proposition which will change
the whole structure of that part of the building.
If that is so, it certainly ought not to be done,
unless by the direction of the superintendent of
the building. This appropriation, I understand,
is to be expended under the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, who does not have charge of
the Capitol. If I am correct in that, I think the
officer should be changed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Secretary to read
my amendment as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
For converting tlie old Senate Chamber into a couit-
rooin, the old eomt-room into a law library, and for fitting
up tiie rooms m connection with them lor the us? of the
Supreme Court and its olfkers, $3j,000: Provided, The
woiii can be finished for that sum, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Pubi.c Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Senator from Illinois
desire to change the person who shall have charge
of the work?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was to that that I called
attention. I know nothing about the individuals
at all; but I understand the Capitol is not under
the supervision of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings and Grounds, but under another officer.
If 1 am correct in that, I think this alteration
should be made under the direction of the officer
who has charge of the building.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will remark that the super-
intendent of the Capitol extension, as he is called,
has never had charge of the old building, but only
of the new wings." If Senators are dissatisfied
with the officer who is to expend the money or
supervise the work, let them substitute another
person. It is a mere point of delicacy.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Illinois mis-
apprehends the fact. To carry out his idea would
be to displace the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings from what he has always had control of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to do that.
I was acting on the supposition that the superin-
tendent had charge of the whole.
Mr. DAYIS. Heisonly superintendentofthe
extension. The old building, like all the other
public buildings here, remains m charge of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings.
M r. TRUMBULL. I thought, from the remark
of the Senator from North Carolina, that there
was a change in that respect, and I was opposed
to that.
Mr. MASON. I think we arc somewhat m
the condition known to many of us who^ have had
the misfortune to build a new house. The diffi-
culty is to know what to do with the old one. I
do not know that there are any objections taken
to the present room for the Supreme Court. So
far as my experience has gone, it is a room very
well adapted to them. It was constructed as a
court-room. It is one in which the bar is heard
by the court, and the court is heard by the bar.
There is"abundant room there to transact the
business. I see no season why it should be
changed. I know of no reason except tiiat, hav-
ing built a new house ourselves, there are rooms
unappropriated in the old wing of the Capitol.
1 am against the whole proposition m any form.
I am not aware that any complamts_ are made of
the room m which the law library is kept now,
and I see no reason for any change. _
Mr. BAYARD. At the last session of ^on-
gress, the plan submitted came before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It was made at the sug-
gestion of the Supreme Court for their accommo-
dation. But further than that, the data were
before us which showed that the present law
library room was entirely inadequate, in point
of size, for the books it contained, and the books
that must necessarily go to increase it. The re-
arrangement was absolutely necessary-in regard
to the library. As it is now, the books cannot
be kept in the order in which they can be got at
with convenience, in the present limited accom-
modations of the library. The proposed arrange-
ment was devised under the superintendence and
advice of the judges of the Supreme Court. It
was afterwards cut down, An suggestions from
the committee, by the superintendent of the build-
ing, through the agency of the architect, and
brought down to the lowest point at which the
estimate could be made. I have not had time to
examine the debate of the last session, but my
recollection is that the Senate passed the amend-
ment as the Judiciary Committee then recom-
mended it, and that it was rejected in the other
House. Butthattheaccommodation is roquisite,
that it is a matter of public necessity that we
ought to make provision for the proper accom-
modation of the Supreme Court, and that it is
absolutely necessary that further provision should
be made for the law library, I have no doubt
whatever, on the evidence before me at the last
session; and I do not suppose that the necessity-
for increased accommodation has ceased or grown
less since. I have no doubt that these proper
changes should be made. It is not, I think, as
the Senator from Virginia supposes, because we
have the old building unoccupied, that we are,
therefore, disposed to make the change. It has
always been understood that the old room of the
Supreme Court was not a convenient room for
the purposes of the court. It will make an ad-
mirable library, and will afford a consultation
room for the judges. As matters now stand, the
judges are obliged to have a consultation room
outside of the Capitol. I cannot recollect all the
mattersof convenienceconnccted with itnow; but
I am perfectly sure that if this plan is the same
which was presented at the last session, it is one
which the public interests require; one which the
Senate then endorsed, and one that I think ought
to be passed now.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we can take the ques-
tion. We have been discussing it for an hour
and a half; but some of the gentlemen that have
been out do not seem to know it. I hope the
Senate will take the question as to whether they
will now vote §25,000 for this purpose. We have
spent an hour and a half on it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I presume, if
we are tired of this debate, we can jtdjourn; but
if we are to proceed further with this matter, we
ought to have an understanding about it. The
suggestion of the Senator from North Carolina
strikes me, and is, I think, deserving of the at-
tention of the Senate; and that is the fact that,
under this arrangement, the whole interior struc-
ture is to be changed. We know the value of
estimates. They generally mean one half or one
fourth of what the work is to cost. The inte-
rior structure of this building is to be materially
changed, and $45,000 is the amount proposed,
and the amount of $25,000 1 will not vote for. If
I voted against reducing the amount to §5,000,
it was because I thought it was so entirely below
possibility that it would not have begun the
work. With $25,000, though, they will begin
to change the stiucture of the whole Capitol, and
whenever they have commenced it, it will be like
the rest of the appropriations; the argument will
be that we must go on and finish it. It seems to
me that the building, which was good enough for
the Senate of the United States from the erection
of the Capitol until last year, is good enough for
the nine men who constitute the Supreme Court
of the United States. I see no reason why the
whole intenorof that buiidmg should now bo
required to be reconstructed, torn away and then
bu'ilt up again, and the Government of the United
States embarked in an expenditure, the end of
which we do not and cannot foresee. If we take
the example of other appropriations that have
bean made heretofore upon estimates, the esti-
mates have never been worth anything to us.
Forty-five thousand dollars is the first proposi-
tion, and §45,000 will bs the second, and §45,000
