I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44$
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Marston.
Ho. of RepS;
between the disguised Know Nothmgism of Chi-
cago and the avowed Americanism of Baltimore.
They are the Scyllaand Charybdisbctween which,
if we wish to enjoy the constitutional privileges
for which our fathers shed their blood, we must
endeavor to pass. To do so in safety, we must
cling to the fortunes of the good old Democratic
ship, which alone can brave the storm and avoid
the dangers of whirlpool and shoal, with the stars
and stripes at its masthead and the Constitution
its chart.
Recurring to the traditional fidelity of Virginia
to the cause of civil and religious liberty, I need
scarcely observe, alter what 1 have already said,
that I was pained, and, as a northern Democrat
who has never faltered in his duty to his brethren
of the South, humiliated,.at the countenance and
. support given to the fanatics who would strip
two thirds of my constituents of their rights and
vilify their character, by an honorable Represent-
ative from the good old fc>tatc of Virginia. 1 allude
to the remarks made in this Hall on the 11th day
of last April, by Hon. M. R. H. Gauxett, of
that State. 1 do not desire to do the honorable
gentleman injustice, and that I may not even un-
intentionally do so, 1 beg permission to make a
few extracts from his speech on that occasion, as
published in the Globe of the lGih of April:
<k Mr. G\rnctt. Go to Minnesota, and there you find
neaily halt of her population was eonijuwii of foreigners
but lately landed upon these shores; ;im! even men who
have not been naturalized are permitted to vote aftei they
have declared then intention to become eitizein; men who
weie unused to o.tr institutions : men the iitrgoi pot turn of
whom have emulated from the pressuie of wantand penury
at home, and who. tor the most part, of' late yeais, have
belonged in their own country to the mote ignoiantela«.s of
society. I i*puak plainly, because I speak what I think.
Mr. Ijakr. 1 de-no toa-=k the gontleimn uom Vhginia,
when he talU- in that way, who weie the th^t eiti/,cn-3 of
Vugmia «hot down m detendin<* Vii£raua soil in the inva-
sion at ilarpei's Feny? The tiKtwo men .'hot down in
dctcnduig >our soil wcie adopted citizens—Iii-limeu.
'• Air. Gaunktt. 1 am voiy much obliged to tho^e Irish-
men who weie shot down by the invade^ ot Virginia.
[L mghter.] 1 know the L ish are a veiy gallant race, and f
beUevo the gentleman him it'li'is a descendant of th.it gallant
laeo a
r. J?a
Mr. IJaiir. Yc^j sir.
" Mr. Garnett.'' * ' * * " Whatever gen-
tlemen may think of the dootnne, it is tine old Vugmia
doctrine, wiueh we, of all parties, ieeo^m/.e there."
"Mr. Moors, of Kentucky. I hope the gentleman fiom
Virginia wdl be allowed to go on, for I like to hear his good
American doettine."
It is known that the honorable gentleman from
Virginia comes from the district formeily repre-
sented on this (loor by the late Governor of Vir-
ginia. i have in vain sought for an explanation
of the honorable gentleman's motives, or reasons,
rather, for his identification on this question with
the American party m this fact. I could not find
it in the school in winch he was i eared, nor in the
£rinciples winch he imbibed in that good old
democratic stronghold. Whatever they may be,
or for what purpose soever the honorable gentle-
man has thought proper to unite with the hered-
itary enemies of the Democratic faith in then-
assaults upon adopted citizens, in obstructing the
laws of the naturalization of foreigners, with the
honorable gentleman from Minnesota, who de-
feuded his State and his constituents from the as-
saults of the honorable member from Vuginia, I,
too, say that this is not the case with the popu-
lation of my district, and I know them better than
lie docs. Nay, i go further, and say that the
honorable gentleman is not a competent witness
in the case at all, and his testimony should be
rejected altogether. I am credibly informed that
there arc not, in the whole district which the hon-
orable gentleman represents on this floor, three
dozen adopted citizens. His information, there-
fore, with respect to thatclass generally,must be
hearsay, and docs not deiive its value from the
credit which we would give to himself. The two
or three dozen foreign-born citizens, of Irish or
German birth, who live m the Accomac, district,
may be as ignorant and unfit for freedom as the
gentleman would make the House believe, but
they do not qualify him as a competent witness
to speak to the character of the whole body of
adopted citizens in the United States, because of
his own knowledge he knows nothing about
them. Indeed, the honorable gentleman seemed
to be aware of his disqualification when he in-
formed the House, not that he spoke what he
knew, but<( 1 speak plainly because I speak what
I think." I thought at the moment, especially
when the honorable member received the renewed
applause from the American side of the House,
that it was one of those occasions when " the
wish was father to the thought."
Bui, sir, I, too, speak plainly; and I further
speak what I know, when I say that, as a general
rule, the adopted citizens of this country compare
favorably with the same numberof native citizens,
the two or three dozen in the Accomac district,
whom the honorable gentleman knows better than
X do, to the contrary notwithstanding. In the
name of Virginia, 1 also deny that this is true
doctrine in that Commonwealth, or that it has ever
been iccognized there as such until the now shat-
tered idol of Know Nothingism was erected on
her borders for popular worship. And for the
truth of this denial, I appeal not only to the rec-
ord I have produced, but to the honorable gentle-
man's colleagues on this floor.
The ill-timed, and I must say, the rather un-
generous witticism, at the intrepid gallantry of the
two Irish adopted citizens who first fell in defend-
ing Harper's Ferry and the sovereignty of Vir-
ginia when assailed by the insane tools of a cow-
ardly, skulking fanaticism, 1 will pass over. If
the honorable gentleman can satisfy himself, as a
Representative of the State to whose honor and
safety these martyrs sacrificed their lives, that his
cold thanks, and their accompanying sneer, to
the brave, though unhonored dead, were in good
taste, i am also satisfied. Virginia, 1 am confi-
dent, thinks differently in respect to those noble
soldiers in her cause. I know she does, and
therefore again I say I am satisfied. Still, lam
constrained to remark that, under all the ciicum-
stances, considering the character of Brown's in-
vasion and the peculiar position of the South,
forced as she is by the mad and wicked fanaticism
of disorganizes and traitois, to stand on the de-
fensive, you may search the annals of the world's
history in vain, fiom the days of the mighty
Nimrod to the last Indian massacre on our west-
ern borders, and you will not find apaiallel to
incite the living to deeds of glory, or honor the
dead for what they have done.
But a word more.and f shall have finished. The
times arc fraughtwith danger to our country. In
the Democratic party of the nation are reposed
all our hopes and all our glories. The foreign-
born citizcus have never faltered in theirallegiance
and duty, whether they had to fight a foe with-
out or a foe within. Is it good policy in those
who profess communion with the Democratic
party of the Union to force this class of our citi-
zens out of our ranks by unjust assaults and pio-
scriptive measures > And should this be attempted
by one or by two Representatives on this floor to
reach, perhaps, some ultimate end known only to
themselves, or gratify some feeling which rankles
oniy in then^nvn hearts, is it not the duty, does
not good faith and party obligations and State
pride demand, that the antidote should be sup-
plied from their own political household5 The
honorable member from Virginia, [Air. Pryor,]
whose orthodoxy and political soundness 1 cheer-
fully indorse, did ius duty nublv; but it was only
as a Democrat, a party man. lie did not, how-
ever, rebuke his colleague, or disavow he'; senti-
ments, or protect the foreign-born D« niocrat of
the northern or western States from calumny and
vilification. Our fidelity to you and your insti-
tutions is not limited by Mason and Dixon's line.
Do us justice; we ask no more, we will take no
less.
V\
Missouri conttn?ti:n rixction
SPEECH OF HON. G. MABSTON, |
OF NEW* HAMPSHIRE j
Iv tiie House of Representatives, ,
June 8, I860. j
The House having under consideration the contested- ,
election ea e fiom the State of Missouri— {
Mr. MARSTON said: j
Mr. Speakeii: The contestant charges that the j
sitting member reci lved a much larger number of '
illegal votes than his returned plurality; that, at I
several of the voting precincts in the district, the i
judges of the elections were guilty of grossly
improper and fraudulent conduct and partiality
for the sitting member, in refusing to allow chal-
lenges to be made of votes, in neglecting and re-
fusing to administer oaths*'and pat proper ques-
tions to persons offering to vote, and in receiving
the votes of those whom th«y knew had no right
to vote. The contestant also alleges that at the-
Gravois, Harlem, and Sappington precincts, and
the eastern precinct of the fifth ward, the judges
of the elections were not sworn, as required by
the laws of Missouri,
There are many other charges of irregularity,
fraud, and violence contained in the notice of tho
contestant to the sitting member; but it is mainly
to the proofs applicable to those I have enumer-
ated that 1 desire the attention of the House.
In the report of the minority of the committee,
it is assumed that not more than twenty-seven
illegal votes are shown, by competent proof, to
have been cast for the sitting member, and that
the testimony entirely fails to support the charges
preferred by the contestant of improper, fraudu-
lent, and partial conduct on the part of the judges
of the elections,'or any of them.
The ground is also taken in the minority report
that no affirmative proof has been adduced on the
part of the contestant, to show that tho judges of
the elections in the Gravois, Harlem,and Sap-
pington precincts, and the eastern precinct of the
fifth ward, were not sworn according; to the re-
quirements of the laws of Missouri: and it is even
said that " there is no doubt that the judges m all
those precincts were, in fact, sworn."
1 feel constiained, theiefoie,to tiespass fova
buef penod upon the pata nee oftheHouse,while
1 advert to the facts and reasons that brought a
majority of the committee to the conclusion that
the sitting member holds his seat upon this floor-
not by the votes of the qualified electors of the
district he claims to represent, but by the votes
of those who had no more lightto cast them than
men who have never set their feet upon this con-
tinent.
Perhaps there is no place in tho country where
theie are greater facilities for illegal voting than
in the first congressional district in Missouii, con-
sisting of the city and county of St. Louis, hi
3858 there were in the city of St. Louis alone,
according to a census taken m that year by author-
ity of the municipal government, fourteen thou-
sand unnaturalized foreigners over twenty-one
yeais of ag<\ It is to be observed that there is
no law in Missouri requiring: a registration of
voters; but then; is a law in foice in that State,
which nught not inaptly be entitled a law to facil-
itate fraudulent voting and fo prevent the detec-
tion thereof, by which any quahfied voter is au-
thorized to cast his vote in any wurd or township
of which he is not a resident, on mak i ng oath that
he has not voted and will not vote in rmy other
place at that election. If to this there bo added
judges of the election who either refuse or neglect
to administer the requisite oaths to persons offer-
ing to vote, es the evid"nee conclusively shows
was the case at the election m August, 1858, the
machinery for fraudulent voting would se<m to
be perfect.
G>-eat complaint is made m tho minority report,
and also by the sitting member, m respect to the
character of the evidence offered by the contest-
ant. It is characterized as hearsay; as consist-
ing of idle declarations, iumorts, impressions,
in itefs, &c. I admit there is testimony on both
sides of that sort. It is not. howev< r, upon such
testimony that the conclusions of the majority of
the committee are founded. That many hundreds
of illegal votes were cast for the sitting member,
at the election on the 2d of August, 1858, is es-
tablished by perfectly legal and competent evi-
dence, and such as would be admitted in any
court of law to maintain a like issue. And this
evidence is, for the most part, uncontradicted.
At an early stage of the investigation, the at-
tention of the committee was called to a compar-
ison of the vote polled at the congressional elec-
tion in 1856 with the vote polled at the election in
1858.
• In 1856 there were three candidates for Con-
gress in the field, each representing a distinct
political organization. Mr. Blair was the candi-
date of the free Democratic party, Mr. Konnett
