I8S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30.
right-—the sacred right of the humblest citizen in
the land—they would raise such a'storm of just
. and holy indignation at the North, that no power
■ on earth could suppress it. Who is there now
' so blind as not to see the verification of that pre-
diction? From that day to this the anti-slavery
sentiment of the country has been gradually
strengthening as one after another of the demands
of the South have been put forth, until it has be-
come in opposition to the further extension .of
slavery as resistless as the waves of the ocean.
" Mr. Calhoun said at that time that the South
must prevent the entering wedge, by refusing to
receive abolition petitions; for, said he, if you
. permit this sentiment of abolition to obtain a foot-
hold, by the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, although they do not pretend to have
any constitutional right to meddle with it in the
States, yet the (Soral influence of such action will
Srocure its overthrow in the States. For, said
e, Europe is now opposed to the institution of
slavery; and if the North are against us, the whole
world would be against us, and the South could
. not resist the moral influence of such combiijpd
opposition.
How fatal the delusion, and how futile the
attempt to stifle the deep-rooted, conscientious,
and religious convictions of a great people, by
the passage of a few resolutions, concocted by
aspiring politicians. As the " old man eloquent"
told them, they were only adding fuel to the flame.
So it was with the passage of the fugitive slave
act; a measure of no practical benefit to the South,
which can never be executed inmany of the States
of the North; a law which I believe to be, with a
vast majority of the people of my own State, one
of the most wicked,unconstitutional,and barbar-
ous laws that was ever conceived by the human
mind. I remember that at the time of its passage
I was traveling with a very intelligent gentleman,
a slaveholder of South Carolina, an old friend of
mine, and he told me that he regarded it as the
worst law for the interests of the South that ever
was enacted. He said it was proper and right
enough in itself, but it could be of no practical
service to the South, and would only serve to
arouse, what he called, the prejudices and religious
fanaticism of the North, in opposition to the peace
and interests of the South. And said he, I know
enough of the people of the No'rth to know that
this sentiment of hostility to slavery is founded
Upon a mistaken, but nevertheless, conscicntiou3
religious conviction of its sinfulness and wrong;
therefore it is useless to talk about constitutional
I rights against religious convictions; for any man,
or set of men, who believe themselves armed with
the panoply of heaven, are ready to maintain a
Warfare against the world.
The South again exhibited its madness and
folly in the repeal of the Missouri compromise
act—a measure which has been productive of
nothing but disaster and ruin to the interests of
the Sou,th; and they are now determined to force
upon an unwilling people another act, of more
supreme folly—to characterize it by no harsher
term—than either of the others, namely, the enact-
ment of a pongressional slave code. Such an act
will be the last nail in their coffin, if thgy should
be permitted to drive it.
The necessity of the Republican organization
is to be found in the occasion which has arisen
to resist the usurpations and aggressions of the
slave power, so vastly multiplied of late, culmi-
nating at last in the corruption of the supremo ju-
diciary of the land—in the Dred Scott decision;
although in law, I think, that part of it which is
of any value to the South may justly be consid-
ered, in legal parlance, extra-judicial, and of no
binding force; but it is nevertheless an indication
of the inauguration of a policy which, if perSsted
in, must make the legislative department of the
Government entirely subservient to the judiciary,
which will finally result, if not checked, in the
overthrow of the liberties of the American people.
It is an innovation and usurpation that must be
resisted at all hazards; and to me the result of the
coming presidential election has more significance
and greater importance from its probable connec-
tion with the organization of that court than from
any other cause.
It may seem to some who have great reverence
i for the judiciary, as somewhat harsh to charac-
terize the recent action of the Supreme Court as
corrupt. But when we consider that this court
has always carefully abstained from giving any
decision upon any question of law or of fact, ex-
cept where it was actually obliged to—and never
either, except upon those points in particular, that
it was imperative upon them to adjudicate—now
for the court to go out of its way to give opin-
ions, which under the circumstances it had no
moral right to give, upon questions purely of a
political character, is not only corrupt but degrad-
ing. No act of the executive, legislative, or ju-
dicial department of the Government from its
foundation, so shocked the public mind—both for
its meanness and atrocity—as did the Dred Scott
decision. The court, in order to maintain its
decision in that case, that colored men, descend-
ants of Alfricans who had been imported as slaves,
whether bond or free, were not citizens, within
the meaning of the Constitution, was compelled
to falsify history and ignore every principle of
justice and right. The court declares that at the
time of the Declaration of Independence the whole
civilized world universall y regarded them as " hav-
ing no rights which the white man was bou.nd to
respect; and that the negro might justly and law-
fully be reduced to slavery for his benefit." This
declaration is made in the face and eyes of the
facts, that England's highest courts had decided,
several years before our separation from Great
Britain, that the negroes had the same natural
rights as the white man. And many of her no-
blest and best citizens had declared the enslave-
ment of the blacks to be a sin of the deepest dye,
and a crime of the greatest magnitude. In our
own country at that time, the greatest statesmen,
patriots, and heroes, who guided our councils,
led our armies, and conducted our diplomacy,
during the revolutionary struggle, our Washing-
tons, Franklins, Adamses, Jeffersons, Shermans,
Madisons, and a host of others, declared negro
slavery to be irreconcilable with the precepts of
the Gospel, or the rights of man; and the framers
of the Constitution would not permit the word
slave to pollute "its pages.
Thus for the first timiin the history of our Gov-
ernment has the Supreme Court stepped aside,
without the shadow of a pretext to justify it, and
undertaken to interfere with the legitimate func-
tions of Congress, by virtually pronouncing its
opinion upon matters in controversy between the
two great political parties of the country. Such in-
terference—so dangerous in its character, so mon-
strous in its action, and so terrible in its conse-
quences—ought to be visited with indignation and
scorn by the American people. Has it come to
this, that that august tribunal—adorned as it has
been by a Jay, an Ellsworth, a Rutledge, a Cush-
ing, and a Marshall, with their illustrious asso-
ciates—has prostituted its high functions and pre-
eminent authority to such base purposes, with its
venerable chief and his associates, descending to
political partisans? The fears of Mr. Jefferson,
m relation to that court, have at last been real-
ized—fears which he so often expressed, that it
would usurp authority and power, which the fram -
ers of the Government never intended it should
possess; and while that illustrious statesman andg,
sage lived, it was with him a matter of constant
jealousy and watchfulness.
Establish the Republican party in power, and
it will place upon the bench of the Supreme Court,
as opportunity presents, those who will interpret
the Constitution and laws, not as political parti-
sans, but as upright judges, holding the scales of
justice even, whether they favor one side or the
other. With this party in power, and not until
then, our commercial, manufacturing, and agri-
cultural interests will be properly cared for.
But upon whom do the South rely ? Upon the
northern Democracy drawn to their support, in
the language of Mr. Calhoun, " by the cohesive
power of public plunder?" What a support! and
where is italways found, when the national Treas-
ury is in other hands ? Passing ultra anti-slavery
resolutions, and vieing with each other in making
anti-slavery professions, to secure the offices and
emoluments of the State governments. So it has
always been in our State, and so it will ever be,
so long as Democratsare willing to sell themselves
for a iness of pottage. No abolition convention
ever passed stronger anti-slavery resolutions, or
made stronger anti-slavery professions, than the
Democrats of Massachusetts have done when the
Democracy have been out of powerin thenational
Government. Their ablest leader—that states-
man of national renown—Caleb Cushyig, while
h# was looking t^Massachnsetts for approbation
and support, met everyanti-slavery demand with
an alacrity that would have been truly commend-
able if it had only beqn sincere. No man ever
uttered on the floor of tongress nobler sentiments
for freedom than he. No ^nan ever denounced the
aggressions of the South stronger than he did;
and 1 am sorry to say it, for I respect his great
abilities, no son of Massachusetts ever debased
himself so much to obtain favor with the South
as Caleb Cushing.
Many have listened with amazement to the dis-
~union speeches upon the other side of the House;
at th%ir cool effrontepy and apparent sincerity. I
say apparent sincerity, for they do appear to be
in earnest, and although I have as little regard for
the judgment and good sense of mere talkers and-
rhetoricians as any one, and appreciate, I think,
most fully their barrenness of either of these qual-
ities, yet I am hardly prepared to believe in their
sincerity at the expense of such a draft upon the
.soundness of their judgment.
In fact, we have heard it intimated upon this
floor, by t^e advocates of disunion, that these
threats have been often before made, with no pur-
pose to execute them; but now they say they arc
terribly in earnest. If gentlemen will consult the
record of debates upon this floor, they will find that
twonty years ago the South was as denunciatory in
tone, as belligerent in attitude,as brave in declara-
tion, as prolific in threats of dissolution, as now.
Eloquent gentlemen told us then that the danger
was imminent, the crisis was at hand, and unless
this agitation of the slavery question ceased, the
Union must be dissolved. About that time, a very
quiet gentleman in my own county, with a few
associates, believing that it was the duty of the
North to absolve itself from all responsibility for
the existence of slavery, proposed to let the South
take care of itself; and therefore petitioned Con-
gress to effect a peaceable dissolution of the Union.
The petition was presented by the venerable
Mr. Adams, and such an exhibition of consterna-
tion, rage, and confusion, on the part of southern
members, has seldom been witnessed on this floor.
Mr. Adams barely escaped a vote of censure for
presenting the petition. Never since that expe-
rience has the country had cause to believe that
the South could be in earnest in its threats of dis-
solution.
I remember that Mr. Webstcrand Mr. Choate,
of my own State, were once engaged as opposing
counsel in a patent case, and Mr. Choate's client
was endeavoring to prove—what was indispensa-
ble to his cause—that two sections of a machii#
that looked exactly alike were in reality entirely
different. Mr. Choate addressed the jury with all
that learning, eloquence, and zeal that character-
ized that gifted man, and such was his earnest-
ness and power that the parties in interest on the
other side began to tremble, and feel that, after
all, there might be a difference. Mr.-Webster
arose, and said quietly to thejur,y, " All this learn-
ing and eloquence is very pleasant to listen to,
but so far as this case is conccrned, itisall poetry
and moonshine;" and, holding up the machines,
he said, "Look at them; look at them; do you see any
difference ? Of course not; there is none. You see
it—you know it." These few words dispelled all
of the effect of Mr. Choate's gorgeous eloquence.
Such is the power of truth.
So, here are the Constitution and the Union.
Look at them, look at thems among the greatest
monuments of human genius the world has ever
witnessed; look at the blood and treasure they
havo cost; look at the mighty interests involved
in their perpetuity; and then tell me if any parri-
cidal arm shall ever be permitted to demolish them?
Never! never! never!
Mr. WADE addressed the committee for one
hour on the slavery question. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ENGLISH obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. FLORENCE, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Etiieripge
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tcmygre,
Mr. Buffinton reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had un-
der consideration the Union generally, and par-
ticularly House bill No. 338, to provide for the
