446
APPENDIX TO THE OONGBEiSSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
86th Com... 1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Marston.
Ho. ov Reps.
of the American party, and Mr. Reynolds of the
national Democratic party. The whole number
of votes east at that election watf 13;S65; oj which
Mr. Blair received 6,055, Mr. Kennett 5,549, and
Mr. Reynolds 2,281. Mr. Blair was thenfleeted
by a plurality of 486 votes ov.<* the candidate of
the American party, and his plurality over the
candidate of the national Democratic party was
3,754. , .. . .
At the election in 1858 the same party divisions
existed as in 1856, and each party had a candi-
date in the field for Congress. Mr. Blair again
ran as the candidate of the free Democracy, Mr. >
Breckinridge ran us the candidate of the Ameri- ■
can patty, and the sitting member as the candi-
date of the national Democratic party. At that
election the whole number of votes cast was j
19,176; of which Blair received 6,451, Breckcn-
ridice 5,654, and the sitting member 7,057. The :
increase in the vote of the district, from 1856 to j
1858, was 5,311; of which Blair received 416, !'
Breckenndge 119, and the sitting member 4,776.
it is said, in the minority report,that this com- '
parison is of no value, because the circumstances
of the two elections were entirely different, and >
that the great increase in the vote of 1858 is at-
tributable, in part, to the fact " that the election
of 1858 was a general and an exciting one, and ,,
calculated to bring out a large vote."' But the
election in 1858 wasnot a general election; it was ;
only for members of Congress, members of the ■
Legislature, and some county officers. In Mis- j;
souri, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, sec-
retary of State, treasurer, auditor, and attorney 1
general,are chosen for four years. Those officers 1'
were elected m 1856. In that year, Colonel Ben-
ton also jan for Governor, and every fact and
circumstance m evidence before the committee ,
tended to prove that the election in 1856 was " the 11
geneial and exciting election, and the one calcu-
lated to bring out u large vote.'' But, whatever ^
was the occasion of the enormous increase in the .
vote of 1858 over that of 1850, how did it happen j
that the candidate of the national Democratic party ,
received nearly the whole of that increase? Theie ,
had been been no change in the jelations of par-
ties. The candidates were (lie representatnes < f
the same principles at both elections, and theie ■
was no falling olf in the \ote of either of them.
The fact that neatly, tin whole of the increased
vote was east for the sitting member, is not ac- 1
counted for by the suggestion that the election in
ls58 "was a general ond an exciting one; ' noris
it to bearcounted for upon the ground of a great
increase in the population of the city and county
of St. Louis.
An increased vote, lesulting from ritheror both
of those causes, we certainly should not expect
to lind given < timely to t lie candidate ot the weaker
party; but if the increase was an honest one, it
would naturally be divided among all parties.
The fact that the sitting tnemb'T received more ,
than thief units as many votes as the candidate .
of ins puity for the same ofiiee received m
is alone '\ilcuiated to jirrest attention, and H de-
mands explanation. That explanation the sitting
member has failed to give: nor is it to be tound m
the minority report.
"Mr. MALLORY. I desire to gentle-
man from New Hampshire a question for my own
information inn^aid to tilts matter. I wish to
ask whetlur, at the municipal HeeUun which took
place since the confuted t lection, the vote cast
was not larger than that cast at the congressional
election; and if that fa'*t was not m proof belore
the committee' I think the <)*j'-Uuii I speak of
was held in the succeeding Aprs!.
Air. MARSTON. I do not think it was.
Mr. MALLORY. That is my impression.
Mr. MARSTON. I now ask the attention of
the House to a companson of the vote of 1S56
with the vote of 1858, in several of the precincts,
and also to the testimony showing how the elec-
tion in August, 185b, was conducted in those pre-
cincts. Theie jic tha-ty-five voting precincts in
the district, in eight of which the sitting member
received 3,000 votes moie than were cast for the
cand'date of ins party in 1856. In Carondeletthe
vote in 1856 was: for Blair, 104; Kennett, (Amer-
ican,) 114; Reynolds, (Democrat,) 44: total, 36:2.
In 1858 the vote was: for Blair, 159; Breckm-
showing a gain for the party of the sitting mem-
ber greater than the whole vote of the precinct two
years before. In relation to the election at this
precinct, 1 will read from the testimony of Mad-
ison Miller, page of record 544: ;•
" Quesfion. Mr. Miller, where do you reside? j;
<k Answer. In Caionde!"t. ||
11 Question. How Ion? have yon resided there? !■
Answer. Since 1851 to this time, continuously. j!
l( Question. Have you resided there pievious to 1851:
•  Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. For how long a time; when was it, and how
long? I1
"Answer. I think I went to live there first in 18:33; I "
lived theie several yent- at that time; don't remember
how irianv; and think I ajjain removed there in 1847.
" Question. Are you well acquainted with tlie people of i
Catondelef? , '<
ii Answer. I think I have u general know ledge ot the res- :■
idents there.
Question. Have you taken an interest m elections gen- n
orally, and attended "the polls geueialiy. m Caiondelet? :
''•Anncer. T think I have been present at nearly every j
election since 18.')], if not all. 1,
<• Question. What was the number ot votes polled inta- ■
ondelet, in April, at the m.iyoiS election ; b
Answer. i don't remember.
" Question. About Uow ninny more votes were polled in
Caiondelet at the August election than at the Apiil elee- ,
tion ? , , j1
Answer. 1 should think eonsiderabh over one hundred, i
i « Question. Were you at the polls on the day of the elee- ■ j
' tion in August; 1 j
(*Ansixe>. Yes. I)
; Question. All day? b
: Answer. Xeaily t>o.
"Question. Did you «ce any persons vote there who :
wet e not citizens or Carondelet, or ot this county ? j
;  • Aasn-er. I >n\v Jaige numbets of persons voting theie , ■
' whom 1 had in-ver ^eeh before.
<• [Exhibit A i--* -rhown to the witness.] ;
" Questiyn. State whether that is the list of names taken
from the poll-books in Carondelet by yourself and others ,
well acquainted with the votei s ol that Drecinct,and maiked
a.-j prisons mi know ji to an}' oi yon : state, 1 art! icr, whether
1 vou have made irciunv for tlioa.e persons in and about Ca- I
t iondelet. and whether jou have been able to find any of ji
them.
u er This list ot names was copied from a copy of i
the poll-book* of the Caiondelet city election held in Au- i
i  ust la-t, and I took considerable pains to inquire of old ,
citizen* of the place ifthe\ knew or had any knowledge of j
| ttie person''whose n<une> were contained in that list, and .
1 could find no citizen who knew anv of theio.
'• Qite'tion. What waj the conduit and benung of the !
!! friend- and ot M  Bauet at that poll throughout '
fii.it d.r..
" *1>kc n . Many oi tin-in v/eie vety noi-y and overbear- 1
. in fJn-ii <li j)oj I'tm .it, .-o mi.( !i '•o that tuuid men were ,
dispo ed to k< ep out oi (heir way.''
A^aii: the witness says:
e •• Question You Inve stated that theie w.is a lai«olv in- ,
eie.i? ed vote m Aunu.-t ovei ti.at of the spmiL', one hundred
andupwaid-; ben- did thc-e xoU"4 come itom, to the be--t ,
1 ol voui knowledge5
''Jlnsu'cr. My opinion i<« to use a phia-se that politicians ,
Will Uude^jand. t!i<*y it,id been colonized.
- QueUun. Bv vvItem arnl for what purpose? (
sitis.rcr. I w:t«* t )ld that theie were upwards of sixty at
' uoik on a eoitnt} bt.dge, undei the ^up-MviMon of county
oineei-, and lhat'a i. u days alter ilse elci uon tiiose
oi'rl eie icdiK-i d dow n t<> >iv or ci«?ht.
'* Question. Where wjk- that county bnd^e, and who
weie the eontiurtois foi icr"
" '•?. Tin: bud^e v.\b across the Meramee m Caron-
d'dci tow iwliip. ivvi the eontraetoi's namerf don't know.
u Do \oii know liim when \ou see him:
:: " JJnsu-er. Tiiei e wa< a man at the election, very busily ■
engap'd. who =aid he was tlie contractor.
•• Question. What was he engaged m doing at the elee-
tion?
'' '* ,dnsuer. IIix was endeavoring to set votes for the na-
■ tional Democratic ticket; leading up ire-hm-m to the polls
j, to vote.
•• Qi rsfu>u. Weie any of these people sworn?
!* er. Yes, Mr.
« Question. Were any of those who were non-residents
;i swoui that they had not voted at any othei pteemct, and
'' that they woukfnot vote at any othei precinct, at that elee-
, tion?
; •• shimrer. 1 don't think I heaid that form ot oath adimn-
■ i<teud"more than once or twice during the day.
Que<f>on. You speak of men being eolom/.ect, and of a
c'-itum nunibei or men beincj emplo\ed undei authoiit} of
the county couii on a bsidjje; dojou know of any oilier
men having been employed on any other pubhe u oiks un-
doi tlfe autliei it\' ot the county court in that precinct ju t
pnor'to the election,and who have been di>chara:ed ^nce5
'* Answer. Not of in) own knowledge, but I have heard
Cher-, sav there wa-\
Qunlua From your own observation, uom what you
saw on the day or election, and prioi and since,do >ou be-
hev such to bv* the c;ise?
'* *'lns:'-er. Trom iht- unusualH lar^o vote polled m that
distiict over that 1 have ever known polled there before, I
feel satisfied in mv own mind that huge numbeis of votes
weie pulled in the* district that did not belong there.
•£ Qnc<-thn. Wa--these  >nj tiling in the appearance of the
men themselves who weie produced and voted there,
brought there to vote, to couth ui fueii a s-u>picion?
-♦ JIns-t er From the appearance of the men tie'iirelves,
many of them were evident!}' stiangers to the jilace.
Question. The men who brought them to the polls to
ridge, (American,) 66; Barret, 286; total, Oil; il vote, who were they general!) ?
k' jinsu-er. A good many or' them were non lesidents of
the piaee; in fact, with the exception of one or two. all
the uetivu ones weie non-iesideuts; at lea^t, I thought
them so."
On cross-examination, the same witness says:
"Questions by Mr. Baiirkt:
" Question. Did"not many vote there at the last election
who were old residents outside ofthe corporate limits?
(i Jlnswer. i think not as many of the old le&idents who
reside m the township outside the city limits voted at that
poll as usually do at general elections, fiom tlie fact I un-
derstand there lias been a new precinct outside the city,
which has never been heretofore.
" Question. Where is that precinct?
" Jinswer. On the Giavow ; I don't know exactly where.
" Question. Was theie not a precinct on the Gravois in
1850?
" Answer. I don't know. I don't refer to the one at the
coal mine*; I refer to the one at Sappington's.
kS Question. How far is Sappingtou's from Carondelet?
i( Ansuer. Four or live mile«, 1 suppose.
u Question. When exhibit A was shown to you, you
stated that jou could find no one who knew any ot the
names thereon. Of whom did you inquire?
'tjJnsirer. Chi Mian Keller, a meieharit there who does
a very large business ; Mr. Block, who is also engaged sell-
ing goods there; Bernard Peopping, who is the legator of
the town ; Fiancis Iveilerinan, jr.,and some othets, 1 don't
now lemember whom. The list originally contained moie
names ; but upon inspection by either of those poisons to
whom it was shown, il any of them found a name that they
knew, it was stricken from the h>t; and this is the revision
of that paper, containing only the names of those persons
whom none ofus knew.7'
Exhibit A, to which the witness refers, is on
page 430 of the record, and contains seventy-five
names.
A. Herbel testified that he had lived in Caron-
delet two yeers and six months; was raised in
the county from the time he was seven years old;
was pretty well acquainted with most of the in-
habitants, though not nil; had been in the habit
of attending the polls there on election day; was
, at the polls on the 2d day of August, 1858; that
! many strangere were there. On being shown
: exhibit A, referred toby Madison Miller, the wit-
t nesssaid: " Those names arc nearly all strangers.
I know none of them to be actual voters."
Mr. BARRET. 1 desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman for a moment. He has asserted that no
one in the city of Carondelet knew theKelndivid-
uals. Did not Mr. Blow say that he knew a num-
ber of them? I suppose the gentleman has read
the testimony.
Mr. MARSTON". What I meant to say was,
that none of the citizens to which Mr. Miller re-
ferred knew any of them.
Mr. BARRET. I would ask if Mr. Block did
not know a great many of them2 if Mr. Chart-
rand did not knowa number of them? and if that
is not in the testimony?
Mi. MARSTON. No; nota single man on the
list of .sixty who voted for Barret. That is my
n membrance and belief.
Mr. BARRET. Tlie gentleman is very much
mistaken. But I would ask him a further ques-
tion. [-Io speaks of the oath that was adminis-
tered at Carondelet. I would ask him if Mr. Mil-
ler docs not swear that he stood at the polls ail
day, and had every person sworn whom he con-
sidered doubtful?
Mr. MARSTON. In answer to the question
whether any of those who were non-residents
were sworn that they had not voted at any other
precinct, and would not at that election, Mr. Mil-
ler said that he did not think he heard that form
of oath administered more than once or twice dur-
ing the day.
At the eastern precinct of the eighth ward the
vote at the election in 1856 was: for Blair, 655;
Kennett, (American,) 45g; Reynolds, (Demo-
crat,) 161; total, 1,27:2. In lfc'5£ the vote was: for
Blair, 1349; Brcvkmiidge, (Amewean,) 557; Bar-
teit, 709; total, 1,960—an juciouie of g83 votes,
of winch the sitting member i\cei\ed 548; being
moie than four tinu s as many as the candidate of
his paity received m 1856! How it happened
that'there was such an immense accession to the
vote of tin Democratic candidate for Congress in
this precinct pretty distinctly appears, from the
testimony of Joseph Bake rand Timothy F. Keane.
I read from the testimony of Baker, page 772
of the recoid:
! "Joseph Baker, of lawful age. being produced, and sworn
b\ me, depose* and -ays:
•• Uncstioii^ by M,. Blaiu •
! " Question. Do you know of any persons who voted at
i the last August election loi member of (\mgtefea who were
! not entitled to vote ?
