I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4„#t,
36xh Comg....1st Sess.
Missouri Contested Election—Mr. Marston.
. Ho. of Reps,
I don't know of my own knowledge, exccpt
as I obtained it by examination with others,
" Question. skate what you know on the subject, and
your im'aiis of information*
" ./Jut" ci. I have been residing in the eighth ward «ome
seventeen yeais. Inuring that tunc I have acted in tUe ca-
pacity of cieik at >umhy election^, municipal and other-
and projoa lobe lanuhar with tue majouty of voters}
of tin; eastern precinct of the taid ward;and on examina-
tion ot said poll book&, I am led to tin; conviction that some
two or throe bundled votes were cast in the August elec-
tion which did not and do not reside in said ward. I was
present at said August election, and found that great num-
bers voted that J and otheis familiar with the voters were
nn.tctjna nted with,and that the proper questions were not
put by the judges to ascertain their legality. I took the
precaution, hovvcvei, not to depend on my own judgment
simply, hut to leferto those who were present—Stephen
ltid^oly was one; that the constitutional questions weie not
put hv the judges, but simply the mterrogaton, * Are you
avoter." v
Again, the same witness says:
Question. Did you and other persons familiar with the
voters ot the ward make a list ot names trow the poll-book
which you  uppo--ud weie illegal votms?
"Answer. i, in company with oth<ji old voters, long res-
idents in the ward, examined thoroughly, fot some ten
nights, the poll-books, and the poll-book'- of the I.is.t mu-
nicipal election, and compared the latlcr with the August
poll books.
" Question. Give the names of p"i^ons who compared
them with j (tu. and then give the li.it of named which you
stiuck olf trom the poll book, which v>u supposed to he
fraudulent: all of them.
"viusifC). i answei the fn&t question by stating : John
Haitmarin, William Lomgan, Stephen Ilidgely, Davis
Moore, Edwtud Ca^tello. J do not recollect the names of
the other*; there weie quite a nuuibei of them.""
^ And the witness proceeds to give the names of
eighty persons who were not entitled to vote, and
who did vote for the sitting member.
The same witness further testified that T. F.
Keane, one of the judges of that ptecmct, admit-
ted to him two days after the election, that he was
convinced that many voted at that precinct who
were not entitled, and who would not, if all the
judges had done as he thought they ought: and
that lie thought there had been between three and
four hundred illegal votes polled there.
But to the testimony of T. F. Keane himself,
I particularly desne the attention of this House.
This witness was called and examined by the sit-
ting member—is a political friend of the sitting
member, and voted lor him at the August election
in 1858. He was one of the judges of that elec-
tion at the eastern precinct of the eighth ward,
and has resided 111 the city of St. Louis for twenty-
one years. The testimony of this witness is cei-
tainly entitled to the fullest credit so far as it boars
against the sitting member. On his direct exam-
ination he testified that he was one of the judges
of election at the eastern precinct of the eighth
ward in August, 1858; that he should think a ma-
jority of the voters at that precinct were Irish; that
he thought a large majority of the Irish popula-
tion votet^ for Barret; and that he had been in the
city twenty-one years. On his cross examination
he testified as follows:
"Question Did you say to anybody, after the election,
that theie were at lua.-t 400 fraudulent votes polled at that
precinct?
"Jbitj-ci. I did to a person that I thought between
three and tour hundred votes wore lrandulent.'5
Again, the same witness says:
"Question. Weie there very large numbers of persons
who voted at that poll, on that day, who weie stranger-;' to
you r
".dnswer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Was there an unparalleled large vote cast at
that precinct?
"vSns.x-er. There was a larger vote thau I ever knew be-
fore at that precinct.
u Question. Weie there not at least 400 votes more polled
than theie ever wa* polled betor* to jout knowledge?
ver. I cannot &ay positively, not lemcmbenng the .
former vote.
£; Question. Did not the national Democratic p my receive
theie 400 vote* moie, at that precinct, than they had cvei
received before?
"jinsver. I cannot say positively: 1 think there were.
"Question. What weie the names of the judges at that
precinct.-' i
'Vinsue/-, John B. Gibson, Geoige Burche, and T. F.
JKfeane.
"Question. How did the>e judges vote lor Congress ?
Gibson and Jiuiche, I think, voted for Breck-
inridge ; Keane voted tor Bariet."
To entitle any person to vote in Missouri, the j
law requires a residence of one year in the State. <
and three months in the county or district where 1
the vote is offered. The law also requires the ;
judges of the election to record the name of every
* person voting, and to place opposite the name a
numlx'i', and to put the same number upon the
ballot, and to return the same, together with the
poll-book, to the office of the clerk of the county
court. The record contains copies of the poll-
books and abstracts of the ballot from every pre-
cinct. It can, therefore, be readily ascertained, by
an examination of the lecord, how every person
in the district voted. Exhibit A contains the
names of more than seventy persons who voted at
Carondelet. Madison Miller, Herbel, and others,
long resident in the town, were acquainted with
the inhabitants, and knew they were strangers
there, and not entitled to vote; and the abstract of
the ballots shows that sixty of those persons voted
for the sitting member.
Joseph Baker, with many other persons, long
resident in the eastern precinct of the eighth ward,
made a list of more than eighty persons, non-res-
idents, and not entitled to vote, all of whom, by
reference to the abstract of ballots, aie found to
have voted in that precinct, and for the sitting
member. Now, how is if possible to furnish bet-
ter evidence of fraudulent voting than this? ll<ie
are one hundred and foity persons, in two pre-
cincts, who voted for the sitting member, ana all
of them entire strangers to the oldest resident of
the wards, and those best acquainted with the in-
habitants. More than this; the most diligent in-
quiry failed to identify one of them as a lightful
voter. To affirm that those persons may have
lived m other wards or without the city limits,
does not help the case; for in that event, they
would only have been entitled to vote on making
oath that they had not voted and would not vole
at any other place, which the evidence conclusively
shows they did not do.
I maintain that the contestant has established
the fraudulent character of those 140 votes in
Carondelet and the eastt rn precinct of the eighth
waid, by the best evidence it was possible, from
the nature of the case, to produce. He could not
bring the fraudulent votets themselves upon the
stand, for nobody knew them; nor could behave
compelled them tu testify had he found them.
They appeared at the polls on el"Ction day, and
it was equally a mystery from whence they came
and whither they went. Doubtless many or'them
voted under fictitious names; and all soon became
widely dispersed over the country. The testi-
mony, therefore, of reputable men who had long
resided in those precincts, and were well acquaint-
ed with the inhabitants, that these persons were
strangers, had never voted there before, and weie
never seen there afterwards, is the most satisfac-
tory kind of evidence to establish the fraud.
And how is this eudence met by the contest-
ant, and in the report of the minority of the com-
mittee' Why, it is a most remarkable fact that
it does not receive the slightest notice. You will
look in vain throughout the minority report for
any, the remotest, allusion to tin's testimony. In
the minority report, under the head of " fraudulent
voting," there is an argument against the admis-
sibility of hearsay testimony, and of the census
returns; but the testimony of Madison Miller, of
Herbel, of Baker, and T. F. Keane, is entirely
ignored. Is the statement of Keane, a political
friend of the sitting member, and his own witness
—that betw< en three and four hundred fraudulent
votes were cast at the precinct where he presided
as judge—to have no weigh! ? Are we to disre-
gard the admission of this witness that very large
numbers of the persons who voted at that pre-
cinct were entire strangers to him, and that the
national Democratic paity, to which foe belonged,
received four hundred more votes at that election
than ev«>r before : Ts'o atu mpt is made to contra-
dict or explain this testimony, and no suggestion
is mack that the witness is not entitled to the fullest
credit. The testimony of Miller and of Herbel, j
that sixty persons who votcd'for the sitting mem- j
ber in Ou-ondelet were entirely unknown to any j
citizen of the plac-1, so far as could be ascei tained j
by inquiry, is in like manner silently disregarded; !
and. yet the comtusion isanivid at, that not j
more than twenty-seven .'legal votes are pioved i
to have been cast for the sitting member1 1
1 pass now to the eastern precinct of the fourth
ward. In 1856, the vote was, for Blair, 586; Ken-
nett, (American.) 509; Reynolds (Democrat,)
191—total 1,280. In 1^58, the\otc was, for Blair,
556; Br'H-kenrid^e, (American,) 449; Barret, 595
—total 1,000. Here the silting member received
more than three times as many votes as the can-
didate of his party at the preceding congressional
election.
I desire to call the attention of the House to the,
testimony of Henry J. Stierlin and Samuel Sim-
mons; the former on page, 745 of rccord, and the
latter on page 753:
"Henry J. Sticrim, of lawful age, being produced and
sworn by me, deposes and says:
" Question? by Mr. Blair:
" Question. Were you a clerk of the election at tlie east-
ern precinct of tbc four til ward ?
" ~1nsivcr. t was.
" Question. How often have you officiated thcrfe asclerk
at that precinct?
u Jinsu-er. Since 1854. The August election of 1854 was
the lir?t, and at every election, with two exception;=?,those
two exceptions being special elections.
"Question. State whether you and others looked over
i the poll-books of the fourth ward at the last election, to -
i ascertain whether persons had voted there who were not
j entitled to vote, and whether you made a list of such per-
I sons.
Answer > Yc, sir. I looked it over, and made a list of
I such persons which we thought were not person-* living la
I the fvuth ward.
j Qi-.ef.tion. Who assisted you ?
"■Answer. Mr Urban, pre<idcntof the board of assessors
: of this city; Mr. Joseph McGehan, Mr. Samuel Simmons,
• Fied. Biiseimiaii. ami Charles Meyers.
I " Question. Have you thai iin with you?
! i( Jhisiocr. Yes. sir.
" Question. Please read the names."
Here follows the names of one hundred and
thirty-six persons.
Cross examination.
<c Questions by Mr. Barret :
Question. Do you pretend to say that all those persons
voted illegally ?
"Answer They are such names as, to my knowledge,
have r.ever before appealed on the poll books at any elec-
tion m the fourth ward, and which, I think, are not resi-
dents of the louitli ward; i having lived in the fourth ward
a ions time.
" tfntnuel Simmons, of lawful age, being produced and
sworn by me. deposes and says:
" Questions by Mr. Blair
" Question. Mr.'Sumrions, did you assist Mr. Steirling,
Uiban, and others in taking off a li«t of name* from the
poll-book-, of the iomth ward after the la-t August election?
"Jlnsucr. I did in the fourth v\aid with Mr. Rteirlmg,
; Chailcs Meyei, Fird. Dutchman. Donutiick TJiban. and
| Joseph McGehan.
I " Question. Was this list, made by you and the others,
| supposed by you and them to be illegal votes t
| "Answer. Yes, sir.
: " Question, rs thelist which Mr. Steirlingread this morn-
ing, and which is incorporated in jus testimony, a correct
Jifct yf the poisons who were struck off by you and others
from the poll books of the fourth ward 5
" Answer. The list which we took off was, to the bestof
our information and knowledge of the residents oi that ward,
a li^t of parties who we did not know a« le-idents of that
w.ud. anil of spurious voters, a- supposed by every one of
ut. The list winch Mt. Steirling ha« read is a list which
was made out by himself and myself, and i-* the list of
names wlueh we had maiked from the poll-books, as I
before stated.
" Question. Were yon in the city at the last April elec-
tion ?
" dustier. Yes, sir. t believe I have been in this city
at every April election since the winter of 3851."
In the eastern precinct of the ninth ward the
vole, i n 185G, was, for Blair, 271; Kenn-nt, (Amer-
ican,) 240; Reynolds, (Democrat,) 47. In 1B58
Blaii had 19G; Breckinridgc, (American,) 234;
Barret, 492.
In the western precinct, ninth ward, Blair had,
in 1856, 2G7; Kennett, 31; Reynolds, 102. In
1858 Blair had 224; Breckinridge, 46; Barret,
418.
William Buckman, page of record 658, testifies
as follows:
" Question. Were you judge of the election, mntJi ward,
wc-tem precinct?
" A7x<nrfr. Yes, sir.
" Question. Was there any disturbance there that day
dunmj the election ?
'• Answer. More than there has been foi the last five
ye.ii*.
Questio7i. Was it kept up pretty much throughout the
wlioli* day
" Yes, fir.*'
Again, the same witness says:
" Question Was the vote much larger at that precinct
than ever bofoic?
k£ .iiis)<'cr. Just double the average for the la^t ftveyearsy
having been judso there that long.
•* Question. Were an> of those who voted unknown to
you ?
" *tiniifcr. Jibont three fourths.
" Question Were the p-irtie* encased in making the dis-
turbance, with the exception of the ringleaders, known to
you ?
- --insu-cr. Very few of them. ^
" Question. Were they excited with liquor r
" Jlns-rcr. Every evidence of it; it appeared so ; I saw
no one dunk any."
Mr. "WEBSTER. I would ask the gentleman
if there was not a municipal election held in April?
