I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4a!
36th Cong....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Houston.
Ho. of Eek.
United States and put into tlie pockets of the man-
ufacturer. Under the present law, that sum an-
nually goes into the Treasury as a duty collected
upon the articles named, while this hill releases
those articles from duty, and allows the con-
sumers of them to import them free of duty, thus
giving to the consumers of those articles a bounty
to the amount of the duty; and as they are exclu-
sively, or nearly so, consumed by the manufac-
turers, you can make it nothing else than an annual
Government bounty to the manufacturers. It is
argued, in favor of putting those articles in the free
list, that they are consumed alone by the manu-
facturers, and constitute, necessarily, a part of the
cost of manufacturing or producing the article,
and hence, to make them free, the manufacturer
could produce the article much cheaper to the
consumer. I grant you he could do it; but tho
question is, would he do it? I guess not. I con-
cede the principle, and have never denied it, that
articles consumed alone in manufacturing, dye-
stuffs, acids, and such like things, and much of
the raw material, might, if we wore framing a tariff
biH without reference to existing duties, very prop-
erly be made free of duty; for in that case there
would be, or should be, a compensating consid-
eration to the consumer, in putting a duty on the
fabricated article with reference to the fact that
the manufacturer in this country would have the
advantage of free articles that constituted much
of the cost of pioduction by him, and for that rea-
son put a duty correspondingly low on the fabri-
cated goods. In that way the consumer would be
benefited equally with the producer; but if you
regulate your duty upon the fabricated articles
with reference to a duty on raw material, and
afterwards, without reducing the duty on the fab-
ricated article, you make the raw material free,
you make the manufacturer a donation annually
io that amount, from which the consumer receives
no benefit.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said about inci-
dental protection. I am glad at all times to see
the manufacturers avail themselves of all the ben-
efits incident to a well-regulated tariff. I would
not discriminate against them. I would discrim-
inate against no interest or business. I would
gladly sec them all prosper. We all know that
any duty upon foreign goods imported into the
United States affords an incidental benefit to the
manufacturer of like goods here. Call it incidental
protection, if you prefer; many so call it. That,
however, does notalter the nature of the incident.
The General Government obtains its levenue by
duties on imports. I do not propose to change
the policy of the Government in that regard. All
1 ask, as a Representative of the consumers, is
that, while the present policy prevails, you make
a fair and proper assessment of duties in the true
sense of the Constitution; and let the incidents be
as beneficial to other interests as they may, if the
duty is a fair one, the incidents are legitimate.
The friends of this bill argue for specific duties,
as they allege, to prevent frauds on the revenue,
and to prevent fluctuations in the amount of rev-
enue collected from customs. Do specific duties
prevent fluctuations? I think not. What causes
the fluctuation of which gentlemen speak r I am
willing to admit that, when the price of an im-
ported article is low, the amount of duty collected
upon it, under the ad valorem principle, is not so
great as when the price of the article is high, and
in that way there is necessarily a fluctuation to a
greater or less extent. I have not denied that; but
will we avoid such fluctuation by a system of
specific duties? I say we will not. I grant you
that if you import the same quantity of the same
goods every year, under the system of specific du-
ties, you would receive the same amount of rev-
enue; but such would not be the case. In times of
commercial embarrassment and pecuniary revul-
sion your imports would decrease, and of course
your revenue would decrease correspondingly.
Such duties would fail to give us the same amount
of revenue in times of depression as in times of
prosperity. In times of depression specific duties
will opejette against and tend to defeat revenue.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] shakes
his head. If he will hear me, I think I can satisfy
him that I am correct in my statement In the
year ending 30th June, 1858, our imports were
$78,276,991 less than the year before; and under
any system of assessing duties, the receipts must
necessarily diminish with the imports.
Mr. STANTON". Let me say just one word.
I submit to the gentleman from Alabama, whether,
in times of financial distress, if the amount of
imports diminish in value, the prices are not also
reduced on the goods imported? If that be so,
then I submit to the gentleman, whether, with
ad valorem duties, your revenue is not only dimin-
ished by the amount imported, but by the reduced
amount of duty collected upon the articleimported;
and that when your duties are high your trade
flourishes, and prices are high? When your
Treasury is full, and you do not need it, you gen-
erally have an increased amount of duties.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will answer that view of
the case. The gentleman has not thought proper
to controvert my statement. The correctness of
it is too evident. Let me carry it one step fur-
ther. Whenever the trade of the country is de-
pressed and the prices of goods fall, both here
and abroad, the foreign article coming in under a
specific duty will have a much higher rate of duty
to pay when it enters our ports; in many cases
amounting to a prohibition. You therefore not
only Jose revenue in the proportion of the falling
off of imports caused by the embarrassed condi-
tion of the country, and consequently its trade,
but that embarrassment is enhanced by the char-
acter of the duty, which, being a specific sum on
each pound, yard, or article, remains the same,
regardless of the value of the article; so that, as
the price of the article becomes depressed and
cheapened by tho pressure of the times, the rate
of duty becomes higher and more oppressive,
until it amounts to prohibition, and, of course,
causing not only additional reduction of impoits,
but also additional loss of revenue. It must be
perceived, then, that a specific duty operates not
onlyagainst our trade with foreign countries,and
consequently against our receipts into the Treas-
ury, but it also operates oppressively upon the
consuming interest, and for the exclusive and sole
benefit of the manufuctureis.
In times of pecuniary distress, when every in-
terest outside of manufacturing is compelled to
sell what it produces at the reduced priees caused
by such revulsion, this bill proposes a specific
duty on imports which becomes higher in its rates,
more protective to the manufacturer, and more
oppressive to the consumer, as the pecuniary
troubles increase; and while you thus force all
other interests to meet the ill effects of such acrisis,
you propose by this bill to oppress them still fur-
ther that you may protect and keep prosperous
the manufacturing interest. While the consumer
is forced to sell what he produces at the reduced
price, you deny him the privilege of buying what
he consumes m a fair market, without paying a
bounty to another interest. Your high specific duty
drives from our market all foreign competition,
and leaves the consumers at the mercy of the man-
ufacturers in this country, who control the maiket
and demand such prices as they please.
It is contended that specific duties are neces-
sary to prevent fraud upon the revenue, and pic-
tures have been drawn in this debate of such frauds
that seem really frightful; but those who are at
all acquainted with the subject know that such
pictures are creatures of fancy—not real. They
are used to frighten those members of the House
who have not had an opportunity of making them-
selves familiar with the subject, for the purpose of
obtaining their sanction to the unjust and ruinous
provisions of this bill.
It is said that importers often enter goods un-
der false invoices, setting forth the prices twenty-
five per cent, below the actual market price, is
the truth of that at all reasonable? An importer
of goods, whether an American or foreigner, is
bound under heavy penalties to present an honest
and accurate? invoice of articles and prices. In
addition to that, he is required to swear to its cor-
rectness. The goods and invoice are then passed
into the hands of sworn appraisers, selected with
reference to their capacity and honesty, whose
duty it is to test, by their knowledge and experi-
ence, and in any other mode they may deem ad-
visable, the fairness of the invoices; if found to
be fraudulent, then the penalties established by
law attach. How then, underthesecircumstances,
could suchfrauds be committed upon the revenues?
To pass through the custom-house a false in voice,
the importer subjects himself to a prosecution for
perjury, as well as other heavy penalties; afld
while I will not say that frauds are never com-
mitted, I will say thatfeuch false in voices are n*ot
passed to an extent anything like the representa-
tions gentlemen make upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to answer afty
questions which the gentleman maydesireto put
to me, if the interruption is not to be taken, out of
my time. ' 5 '
Mr. STANTON. It is but a single question
which I wish tho gentleman to answer me. "Will
the gentleman explain to me how it happens that
the French custom-housc books, showing the ex-
ports of French wines, show only one halfias much
as our custom-house books show of imports of
that article ? and will he explain to me how it is
that the same wines are valued at the French cus-
tom-houses at just double that shown at the
American custom-houses?
Mr. HOUSTON. A part of what the gentle-
man states is correct, and a part of it is not.
Here is the report, however, of the Secretary of
the Treasury, which explains that matter very
fully and satisfactorily, showing most conclu- «
sively that the discrepancies referred to are not
particularly the result of fraud, and have but lit-
tle connection with the character of duty to whifch
those articles are subjected in the United States.
I have not the time to give the explanation, but
will refer the gentleman to the report.
It is the true policy of the United States toleave
its commerce as free and unshackled as may be
consistent with a proper revenue duty. The trade
of nations consists in their interchange of prod-
ucts, and such trade should be encouraged instead
of restrained by an unnecessary duty. Gentle-
men seem alarmed because our imports are large.
They say our people arc buying more than they
can consume or pay for. They forget that our
exports arc equal to our imports; and while that
is the case, our trade must be prosperous. .'But
who authorized Congress to say, by law, how
much and what the people should wear or eat?
That is their business to determine, not ours.
While it is admitted that our exports are equal
to our imports, yet, as the tables show a portion
of the exports to be specie, it is alleged to be a
dangerous symptom; because, gentlemen say, we
are importing more than we export, and have to
send specie to pay our debt abroad. This is a
fallacy. Spccie is an article of production in the
United States as much as cotton, grain, or any-
thing else. Our people produce the specie just as
they do the cotton, and it is exported upon the
same principles of trade.
Much has been said in this debate about the
large foreign indebtedness of our people. I re-
gard indebtedness, at any time and to any person,
as more or less a misfortune; but the Government
of the United States could not, upon any fair and
proper principles, have prevented it. The people
who owe the debt purchased what they thought
they needed, and they bought at a time and place
which they considered mostadvantageousto them-
selves. The complaintisthatthedebtis duo out of
the United States; and while 1 could wish the pur-
chases could have been made at home, yet I have
no right to control them as to the marketin which
they trade, nor has Congress such power; if they
had made their purchases at home, they doubtless
would have been indebted to the same amount; if
they could have traded to their ad vantage at home,
they would have done so. The friends of this bill
intend to compel the people to trade at home, at
much higher prices, by driving away foreign com-
petition—by fettering and restricting our trade.
I protest against that policy.
I would truly regret to see the manufacturing
interests of this country in a depressed or lan-
guishing condition. I do not understand them
to be m such condition. Take any such interest
you please, and if 1 am not very much mistaken,
you will find it quite as prosperous as any other
business.
By reference to the tables presented to the House
by the Secretary of the Treasury, you will find
tliat the imports of iron are diminishing, while our
consumption as well as our exports of it pre
