I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
confer it upon him? Then, where is this spirit of
proscription, the complaint of which has consti-
tuted some hours of his speech ? If others have
manifested it, 1 do not know it; and as the single
expression of'6 ho quarter to the doctrine ofsquat-
tcr sovereignty55 was the basis of his whole alle-
gation, I took it for granted his reference to a
purpose to do him and his friends such wrong
must have been intended for me.
The fact that the Senator criticised the idea of
the States prescribing the terms on which they
will «.ct*in a party convention recognized to be
representative, is suggestive of an extreme mis-
conception of'relative position; and the presump-
tion with which the Senator censured wli.it he
was pleased to term " the seccders," suggested to
me a roprosehiationof the airof thegreatmonarch
of France when, feeling royalty and power all
concentrated ni his own person, he used the fa-
miliar yet remarkable expression, " the State—
that's me." Does the Senator consideritamodest
thing in him to announce to the Democratic con-
vention on what terms he will accept the nomina-
tion, but presumptuous in a State to declare the
pri:'"iplo on which she will give him her vote?
It is an advance on Louis Quatorze.
Nothing but the most egregious vanity, some-
thing far surpassing even the bursting condition
of swollen pride, could have induccd the Senator
to believe that I could not speak of squatter sov-
ereignty without meaning him.
Towards the Senator, personally, I have never
manifested hostility—indeed, could not, because
I have ever felt kindly. Many years of associa-
tion, very frequent cooperation, manly support
from him in times of trial, arc all remembered by
me gratefully. The Senator, therefore, had no
right to assume that I was making warupon him.
I addressed myself to a doctrine of which he was
not the founder, though ho was one of the early
disciples-, but h« proved an unprofitable follower,
for he became rebellious, and ruined the logic of
the doctrine. It was logical in Mr. Cass's mind;
he claimed the power to be inheient in the peo-
ple who sttticd a new Territory, and by this in-
herent power ho held that they might proceed to
form government and to exercise its functions.
There was logic in that; logic up to the point of
sovereignty. Not so with the Senator. He says
the inhabitants of the Territories derive their
power to form a government from the consent of
Congress; that when we decide that there are
enough of them to constitute a government, and
enact an organic law, then they have power to
legislate accurding to their will. This power being
derived from an actof Congress, a limited agency-
tied down to the narrow sphere of the constitu-
tional grant is made, by that supposition, the be-
stower of sovereignty on its creature.
I had occasion the otherday to refer to the higher
law as it made its first appearance on earth—the
occasion when the tempter entered the garden of
Eden. There is another phase of it. Whoever
attempts to interpose between the supreme law of
the creator and the creature, whethei it he in the
region of moiais or polities, proclaims a theory
that wars upon every principle of Government.
When Congress, the agent for the States, within
the limits of its authority, forms, as it were, ter-
ritorial constitution, by its organic act, he who
steps in and proclaims to the settlers in that Ter-
ritory that they have the right to overturn the
Government, to usurp to themselves powers not
delegated, is preaching the higher law in the do-
main of politics, which is only less mischievous
than its other form, because the other involves
both politics and morals in one ruinous confusion.
The Senator spoke of the denial of Democratic
fellowship to him. After what has been said
and acknowledged by the Senator, it is not to bo j
supposed that ir could have any application to me. |
It may be proper to add, I know of no such denial !
on the part of other Democratic Senators. Far j
be it from me to vaunt the fact of being jn the ma- j
jority, and to hold him to the hard iuIc he pie- <
'scribes to us, of surrendering an opinion where !
we may happen to have been in a minority. Were ;
I to return now to him the measure with which ;
he metes to us, when he assumes that a majority j
m the Charleston convention has a right to pre- ]
scribe whir shall be our tenets, I might m reply j
to him say, as a sincere adherent of the Demo- i
cratic party, how can you oppose the resolutions
pending before the Senate? If twenty-seven ma-
jority in a body of three hundred and three con-
stituent members had, as he asssumes, the power
to lay down a binding law, what is to be said of
him who, with asingle adherent, stands up against
the whole of his Democratic associates ? He must
be outside of the party, according to his enuncia-
tion; he must be wandering in the dark regions
to which he consigns thefollowcrs of Mr. Yancey.
The Senator said he had no taste for references
to things which were personal, and then proceeded
to discuss that of which he showed himself pro-
foundly ignorant—the condition of things in Mis-
sissippi. It is disagreeable for me to bring before
the Senate matters which belong to my constitu-
ents and myself, and I should not do so but for the
fact of their introduction into the Senator's elab-
orate speech, which is no doubt to be spread over
all parts of the country. The Senator, by some
means or other, has the name of very many citi-
zens in Mississippi; and as there is nothing in our
condition to attract his special attention, his speech
is probably to be sent over a wide field of corre-
spondence; and it is, therefore, the more incum-
bent on me to notice his attempt to give a history
of affairs that were transacted in Mississippi. He
first announces that Mississippi rebuked the idea
of intervention asserted in 1850; ttien that Mis-
sissippi rejected my appeal; that Mississippi voted
on the issue made up by the compromise measure
of 1850, and decided against me, and vaunts it as
an approval of that legislation of which he was
the advocate and I the opponent. Now, Missis-
sippi did none of these things. Mississippi in-
structed her Senators,-and I obeyed her instruc-
tions. I introduced into this body the resolutions
which directed my course. On that occasion I
vindicated Mississippi, and especially the south-
ern rights men, from the falsehood of that day,
and reiterated now, of a purpose to dissolve the
Union. 1 vindicated her by extracts from the pro-
ceedings, as well of her convention as of her pri-
mary assemblies; and my remaiks on thai occa-
sion, as fully as the events to which he referred in
terms of undeserved compliment, justified the Sen-
ator in saying to-day that he knew I had always
been faithful to the Government of which I was
a part.
Acting under the instructions from Mississippi
—not merely voting and yielding reluctant com-
pliance; but, according to my ideas of the obliga-
tion of a Senator, laboring iudusuiously and zeal-
ously to carry out the insti actions winch my State
gave me—I took and maintained the position I
held in relation to the measures of 1850. As it
was with me a cordial service, I went home to
vindicate the position which was hers as well as
myown. Shortly after that, acanvass was opened
in which a distinguished gentleman of our party,
who had not been a member of Congress, was
nominated for Governor. Questions, other than
the compromise measures of 1850, arose in that
canvass; they weic discussed, in a great degree,
to the exclusion of a consideration of the merits
of the action of the Congress in 1850; and at the
election in September for delegates to a conven-
tion we had fallen from a party mnjonty of some j
eight thousand to a minority of nearly the same j
number. It was after the decision of the question j
involved in calling a convention, after our party j
was defeated, after the candidate for Governor j
had retired, that the Democracy of Mississippi |
called upon me to bear their standard. It was |
esteemed a forlorn hope; therefore an obligation |
of honor not to decline the invitation. But so far !
as the action in the Senate in 1850 was concerned, j
if it had any effect, it mu^t have been the reverse J
of that assumed, as in the consequent election for ;
State officers on the first Monday in November, |
this majority of nearly eight thousand against us j
was reduced to about one thousand. j
But when tins convention assembled, though a |
large majority of the members belonged to the j
party which the Senator has been pleased to term
the " submissionists'5—a name which they al-
ways rejected—this convention of the party most
adverse to me, when they came to act on the sub-
ject^ said, after citing the <£ compromise" meas-
ures of the Congress of 1850:
u And connected with thorn, the iejection of tbo prop-
osition to exclude slavery from the Territories of the Uni-
ted States, and to abolish it in the District of Columbia;
and, white they do not entirely 'approve, will abide by It as
a permanent adjustment of this sectional controversy, so
long as the same, in ail, its features, shall be faithfully ad-
hered to and enforced."
Then they go on to recite six different causes
for which they will resort to the most extreme
remedies which we had supposed ever could be
necessary. The case only requires that I should
say that the party to which l belonged did not
then, or at any previous time, propose to go out
of the Union, but to have a southern convention,
for consultation as to future contingencies threat-
ened and anticipated. It was at last narrowed
down to the question whether we should meet
South Carolina and consult with her. Honoring
that gallant State for the magnanimity she hau
manifested in the first efforts'for the creation of
the Government, in the preliminaries to the strug-
gle for independence, when she, a favored colony,
feeling no oppression, nursed by the mother coun-
try, chcrished in every method, yet agreed with
Massachusetts, then oppressed, to assert the great
principle of community independence, and to carry
it to the extent of war—honoring her for her un-
varying defense of the Constitution throughout
her whole course—believing that she was true to
her faith, and would redeem all her pledges—feel-
ing that a friendly hand might restrain, while, if
left to herself, her pride might precipitate her on
the trial of separation, I did desire to-meet South
Carolina in convention, though nobody but our-
selves should be there to join her.
But to close the matter, this convention, in its
seventh resolution, after stating all those ques-
tions on which it would resist, declared:
" That as the people of Mississippi, in the opinion of this
convention, desire all further agitation of the slavery ques-
tion to cea^e, and have acted upon and decided the fore-
going questions, thereby making it the duty of this conven-
tion to pass no act in the purview and spirit of the law
undci winch it u called, this convention deems it unneces-
sary to ictrr to the people for approval or disapproval, at
the ballot-box, us action in the premise*."
So that when the Senator appealed to this as
evidence of what the people of Mississippi had
done, he was ignorant of the fact that tne dele-
gates of the people of Mississippi did not agree
with him; that their resolutions did not sustain
the view which he took; and that the people of
Mississippi never acted on them. If, then, there
had been good taste in the intervention of this
local question, there was certainly very bad judg-
ment in hazarding his statements oil a subject of
which he was so little informed.
The Senator here, as in relation to our friends
at Charleston, takes kind care of us, supposes we
do not know what we arc about, but that he,
with his superior discrimination, sees what must
necessarily result from what we are doing; lie
says that at Charleston they—innocent people—
did not intend to destroy the Government; hut
he warns them that if they do what they propose,
they will destroy it; and so he says we of Mis-
sissippi, not desiring to break up the Union,
nevertheless pursued a course which would have
had that result, if it had not been checked. "Where
does he get all this information? I have been in
every State of the Union, except two—three, now,
since Oregon has been admitted—but 1 have never
seen a man who had as much personal knowl-
edge. It is equally surprising that his facts should
be so contiary to the record.
Wo believed then, as I believe now, that this
Union, as a compact enteied into between the
States, was to be prescived by good faith and by
a closc observance of the terms on which wo were
united. We believed then, as I believe now,that
the party which rested upon the basis of truth,
promulgated its opinions, and had them tested in
the alembic of public opinion, adopted the only
path of safety. I cannot respect such a doctrine
as that which says, " you may construe the Con-
stitution your way, and I will construe, it mine;
we will waive the merit 6f these two constructions
and harmonize together until the courts decide the
question between us." A man is bound to have
an opinion upon any political subject upon which
he is called to act; it is skulking his responsibility
for a citizen to say, "let us express no opinion;
I will agree that you may have yours, and I will
have mine; we will cooperate politically together,
wc will beat the Opposition, divide the spoils,and
