1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. HAWKINS moved that the petition of
William E. Hunt be withdrawn from the files of
the House, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
Mr. COOPER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Arthur Edwards and
his associates; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
ISSUE OF DUPLICATE LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. PEYTON. I offer a resolution, and ask
that it may be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be re-
quested to bring in a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to issue duplicate land warrants where the original
has been lost, under such lules and regulations as he may
prescribe.
Mr. PHELPS. If the gentleman will modify
his resolution, by striking out " requested to bring
in a bill," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" instructed to inquire into the expediency of," I
shall have no objection to the resolution.
Mr. PEYTON. I will accept the modification
suggested.
The resolution as modified was then agreed to.
SEVENTH REGIMENT OF NEW YORK.
Mr. CARTER.® I ask leave to introduce the
following preamble and resolutions.
A Member. Letthembereadforinformation.
They were accordingly read, as follows:
Whereas a is now undei^tood that the committee ofthis
House which was appointed to make arrangements for, and
take control of, the ceremonies attending the inauguration
o t the equestrian statue of Washington, in the city of Wash-
ington, 011 the last anniversary of the birth-day of the Father
of in-? Country, did invite, in the name of tins House, the
seventh regiment of the citizen soldiery of the city and
State of New York to visit the capital of the nation as
gUGst*: of the national Legislature,forthe purpose of taking
part in those ceremonies; and whereas, in pursuance of
such invitation, and to prove to the country their fraternal
and Union-loving principles, the seventh regiment, con-
sisting of about seven hundred of the citizens of New York,
composing one of the finest-disciplined regiments of sol-
diers of that State, or of this or any other nation, arrived in
tins, the city to which Washington gave his name, without
being cordially, or even formally, received by the President
of the United States, the heads of any of the Departments,
 r even bv the committee of arrangements of this House,
or that of the Senate ; and whereas no considerable num-
ber of tins body had been advised of the arrangements of
their committee, consequently the members ot this House
could not have anticipated such a result: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the House of Representative': of this Thir-
ty-Sixth Congress, That we convey, through our Speaker,
our sincere regiet for the omission on the part of the Exec-
utive and waid committee to extend to the said regiment the
hospitality and respect which were eminently their due, and
in consideration ot the high appreciation and admiration of
thi*. body for the soldierly skill, discipline, and patriotism
exhibited by the said seventh regiment on the anniversary
of the birth-day of the Father of his Country, at the nationai
inauguration of the equestrian statue of Washington, m the
citv of Washington, on the 22d day of February, 1860.
Resolved, That a copy of this preamble and resolution be
engrossed by the Clerk of the House, and transmitted by the
Speaker to the Colonel of the seventh regiment.
Mr. CARTER I move the adoption of the
resolutions.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the introduction
of the resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. One of those resolutions
makes an imputation upon the committee of ar-
rangements. It may be true or false. I do not
know, and therefore I object to them.
Mr. BRANCH. An imputation upon the Ex-
ecutive also.
OPENING DAILY SESSIONS WITH PRAYER.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask leave to introduce the
resolutions which I send to the Clerk to be read.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Whereas, the people of these United States recognize, as
a fact fundamental to their existence as a nation, the being
and providence of Almighty God. to whom they are indebt-
ed for their counties blessings, it eminently becomes us,
their Representatives, to acknowledge, in the most public
manner, that Divine goodness, vvmch has been so abun-
dantly manifest throughout our national history: Theiefore,
Resolved, That the daily sessions of this body be opened
with prayer.
Resolved, That the pastors of the seveial churches in the
District of Columbia ate hereby requested to attend, and
alternately perform this solemn duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to suggest a single
word in connection with these resolutions.
Mr. CURTIS I raise a point of order
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be remembered that
the clergymen of the District of Columbia pro-
posed in the Thirty-Fourth Congress to perform
this duty, and to perform it gratuitously.
Mr. CURTIS. I insist upon my point of order.
The SPEAKER. As a point of order is raised,
no debate is in order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move the previous
question upon the passage of the resolutions.
Mr. CURTIS, But I object to the introduction
of the resolutions, and to everything except the
regulst* order.
CALL OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN I trust that now the com-
mittees will be called for reports of private bills,
so that they may be referred. I shall object to
everything else until that is done. It will con-
sume but a few moments.
Mr. ALDRICH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen have objected,
and therefore order must be observed.
Mr. ALDRICH. The gentleman giveaway.
There is no objection to it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I move that there be call of
the House, and upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
not insist upon a call of the House, as it is unne-
cessary on my proposition that the committees be
called for reports of private bills. A call of the
House can be had afterwards.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be the object of the
gentleman from Ohio to have reports of private
bills made by committees, that they may go to a
Committee of the Whole House, I have no ob-
jection to that course., so far as I am concerned.
But I want a call of the House before we proceed !
to a vote on the election of a Printer.
Mr. SHERMAN. My object is to let private
bills be introduced and the reports ordered to be
printed, so that we can have private business be-
fore us next Friday.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
course will be adopted.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is objected to by
a dozen.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I insist on my motion for
a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. Are tellers on the yeas and
nays insisted on ?
Several Members. No.
The SPEAKER, Then the yeas and nays are
ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I call for tellers. I did not
suppose that gentlemen would persist in this de-
lay in the business of the House. I therefore
want to see, by-tellers, whether the gentlemen
want the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that it
is too late now to demand tellers. The Chair
distinctly asked whether the call for tellers on the
yeas and nays was insisted on; and not being
insisted on, the Chair announced that the yeas
and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution (S.
No. 16) authorizing Captains William L. Hudson
and Joshua R. Sands to accept certain testimonials
awarded to them by the Government of Great
Britain.
Also, an act (S. No. 197) in relation to the
assignees of bounty land warrants.
In which he was directed to ask the concur- ;
rence of the House. j
CALL OF THE HOUSE. * j
The question was taken, and it was decided in j
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 88; as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen, !
Thomas L. Anderson. William C. Anderson, Ashmore, •
Avery, BarkstUIe, Barr, Barrett, Blake. Boeock, Boteier, ,!
Botihgnv. Bovce, Brabs-on, Branch, Uristow . Butch, Carey, ;
John "B.' Clark. Clopton, Cobb. John Cochiane. Cooper,
I James Craig. Button Craige, Curry, Davidson, II. Winter
: Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jauictte, Dirii-
ii mi^k; Ktheridge, Fenton OartrPll. Gilmer Hamilton, Har-
deman, John T.Harris, Hatton, Hawkins, Ifindman,Hoard,
Holinaiu Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jones, Ivilgore, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclay, Charles D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynaid.
MeCiernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Isaac N.
Morris, Nelson, Niblack, Noell, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Pugh, Quarles, Riggs, JamesC. Robinson, Ruffin,Schwartz,
Scott, Sicklcs, Singleton, William N. H. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stevenson, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, and
Underwood—491.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Alley, Babbitt, Bing-
ham, Blair, Brayton, Buffinton, BurUngame, Burttham,
Burroughs, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Case, Colfax,
Conkling, Corwin, Cox, Curtis, Dawes, DueU, Dunn, Edg-
erton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Ferry, Foster, Gooch, Graham,
Grow, Hall, Helmick, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Jun-
kin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, DeWitt C.
Leach, Lee, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McLean, McPher-
son, Millward, Montgomery, Moorhead, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Morse, Nixon, Olin, Pendleton, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reagan, Reynolds, Rice, Christopher
Robinson, ltoyce, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes, Spauldmg,
Spinner, Stanton, Stratton, Thayer, Theakcr, Tompkins,
Trimble, Verrcc, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eliihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Web-
ster, Wells, Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodson—88.
So a call of the House was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he had been con-
fined to his room by indisposition since Monday
week, and had been paired, as he believed, with
Mr. Hickman, till some day next week.
Mr. JONES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Crawford, was unwell, and had paired off with
Mr. Longvecker; that Mr. Longnecker had
been originally paired off with Mr. Harris, of
Virginia, but the pair was, by consent, transferred
for to-day to Mr. Crawford.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ashley, Beale, Bonham, Briggs, Brown, Horace
F. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, Covode, Crawfoid, Delano,
English, Frank, French, Garnett, Hale, J. Morri&on Harris,
Haskin, Hawkins, Hickman, Kenyon, Killinger, Kunkel,
Lamar, Larrabee, Longnocker, Mallory, Pahnet, Riggs,"
Rust, Scranton, Stevens, James A. Stewart, William
Stewart, Tappan, Train, Vance, Winslow, Wood, and
Woodson.
During the call,
Mr. McGlUEEN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bonham, was confined to his room by sickness,
and was paired for to-day with Mr. Vandever,
on the election of Printer merely.
Mr. BLAIRstated that Mr. Hawkins was paired
with Mr. Stewart, ofPennsylvania;Mr.CovoDE
with Mr. Winslow; Mr. Longnecker with Mr.
Crawford; and Mr. Hale with Mr. Lamar.
Mr. MOREHEAD stated that he had been
paired with Mr. Lamar, with the privilege of
trassferringhis pair. He now transferred it for
to-day to his colleague, Mr. Hale.
Mr. HALL stated that he was paired with Mr.
Mallory.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the election of Printer to the House. The tel-
lers will resume their places, and the Clerk will
proceed to call the roll.
Mr. STOKES. I desire this morning to put
in nomination for Printer to this House, the Hon.
Hardy M. Watterson, ofTennessee. I would ask
respectfully of the House, that it would indulge
me for one moment m a remark or two.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to any remarks
being made.
The SPEAKER. No 'debate is in order.
Mr. STOKES. Mr. Watterson is a good Dem-
ocrat.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I believe that, according to
the rules of the House, it is proper to make a reg-
ular nomination. 1 therefore nominate Edward
Ball, of Ohio.
The SPEAKER. That is the rule, undoubtedly.
TENTH VOTE FOR PRINTER
The House proceeded to vote vivtivoce the tenth
time for Printer, with the following result: whole
number of votes cast, 191; necessary to a choice,
96; of which
Mr. Glossbrenner received 92
Mr. Ball 81
Mr. Mitchell 15
Mr. Wattetson  1
Mr. Winton    I
Mr. Pangborne  1
So there was no election
