458
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
36th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
If this be so, it proves nothing as to the piesent,
and only individual opinions as to the past. I
do not regard consistency as a very high virtue;
neither, it appears, does he; for he told us that if
it could be shown to him that he was in error on
any point, he would change his opinion. Plow
could that be ? Who would undertake to show
the Senator that he was in error? Who would
undertake to measure the altitude of the Colossus
who bestrides the world, and announces for,and
of, and by himself, "We the Democracy," as
though, in his person, all that remained of the
party was now concentrated ? Other men are per-
mitted to change, because other men may be mis-
taken; and if they are honest, when convicted of
their error, they must change; but how can one
expect to convince the Senator, who, where all is
change, stands changeless still t
In the course of his reply to me—if indeed it
may be called such, it seemed to be rather a re-
view of everything except what I had said—he
set me the bad example of going into the canvass
in my own State. It is the first, I trust it will be
the last, time I shall follow his example; and now
only to the extent of the occasion, where criticism
was invited by unusual publicity. In the canvass
which the Senator had with his opponent, Mr.
Lincoln, and the debates of which have been pub-
lished in a book, we find much which, if it be
consistent with his course as I had known it, only
proves to me how little able I was to undeistand
his meaning in former times.
The Kansas-Nebraska bill having agreed the
right for which I contend to be the subject of ju-
dical decision; it having specially provided the
mode and facilitated the process by which that
right should be brought to the courts and finally
decided; not allowing any check to be interposed
because of amount, that bill having continued the
provision which had been introduced into the
New Mexico bill, how are we to understand the
Senator'sdeclarations,that,let the Supreme Court
decide as they may, the inhabitants of a Terri-
tory may lawfully admit or exclude slavery as
they please? What a hollow promise was given
to us in the provision referring this vexed ques-
tion to judicial decision, in order that we might
reach a point on which we might peacefully rest,
if the inhabitants of the Territories for which
Congress had legislated could still decide thequcs-
tion and set aside any decision of the Supreme
Court, and do this lawfully! I ask, was it not to
give us a stone, when he promised us bread; to
incorporate a provision in the organic act securing
the right of appeal to the com ts, if, as now stated,
those courts were known to be powerless to grant
a remedy?
Here there is a very brood distinction to be
drawn between the power of the inhabitants of a
Territory, or of any local community, lawfully
to do a thing and forcibly to do it. If the Sena-
tor had said that, whatever might be the decision
of the Supreme Court, whatever might be the
laws of Congress, whatever might be the laws of
the Territories, in the face of an infuriated mob,
such as he described on another occasion, it would
be impossible for a man to hold a slave against
their will, lie would but have avowed the truism
that in our country the law waits upon public
opinion. But he says that they can do it jaw-
fully. If his position had been such as I have just
stated, it would have struck me as the opinion I
had always supposed him to entertain. More
than that, it would have struck me as the opinion
which no one could gainsay; which at any time
I would have been ready to admit. Nothing is
more clear than that no law could prevail m our
country, where force as a governmental mean is
almost unknown, against a pervadmjr srntini'-nt
in the community. Everybody admits that; and
it was in that view of the case that tins question
has been so often declared to be a mere abstrac-
tion. It is an abstraction so far as any one would
expect in security to hold against the fixed pur-
pose and all pervading will of the community,
whetherterritorial or other, a species of property,
ambulatory, liable, because it has mind enough
to go, to be enticed away whenever freed from
physical restraint, and which would be nearly
■valueless if so restrained. It may be an abstrac-
tion as a practical question of pecuniary advant-
age, but it is not the less dear to those who assert
the constitutional right. It would constitute a
very good reason why no one should eversay there
was an attempt to force slavery on an unwilling
people, but no reason why the right should not
be recognized by the Federal Government as one
belonging to the equal privileges and immunities
of every citizen of the United States. *
But the main point of the Senator's argument,
and it deserved to be so, because it is the main
question now in the public mind, was, what is the
meaning of non-intervention? He defined it to be
synonymous with squatter sovereignty, or with
popular sovereignty.
The Senator and myself do not seem to be get-
ting any nearer together; because the very thing
which he describes constitutes the only case in
which I would admit the necessity, and, conse-
quently, the propriety of the people acting with-
out authority. If men were cast upon a desert
island, the sovereignty of which was unknown,
over which no jurisdiction was exercised, they
would find themselves necessitated to establish
rules which should subsist between themselves;
and so the people of California, when the Congress
failed to give them a government; when it refused
to enact a territorial law; when, paralyzed by the
power of contending factions, it left the immi-
grants to work their own unhappy way, they had
a right—a rightgrowing out of the necessity of the
case—to make rules for the government of their
local affairs. But this was not sovereignty. It was
the exercise between man and man, a social func-
tion necessary to preserve peace in the absence of
any controlling power; essential to conserve the
relations of person and property. The sover-
eignty, if it existed in any organization or Gov-
ernment of the world, remained there still; and
whenever that sovereignty extended itself over
them, whether shipwrecked mariners or adven-
turous Americans; whether cast off by the sea,
or whether finding their weary way across the
desert plains which he west of the Mississippi;
whenever the hand of the Government holding
sovereign jurisdiction was laid upon them, they
became subject; their sovereign control of their
own affairs ceased. In our case, the directing hand
of the Government is laid upon them at the mo-
ment of the enactment of an organic law. There-
fore, the very point at which the Senator begins
his sovereignty is the point at which the neces-
sity and, in my view, the claim, ceases.
But suppose that a Territorial Legislature, act-
ing under an organic law not defining their muni-
cipal poweis further than has been general in
«ucb laws, should pass a law to exclude slave
property: would the Senator vote to repeal it?
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will answer. I would not,
because the Democratic party is pledged to non-
intervention: because, furthermore, whether such
an act is constitutional or not is a judicial ques-
tion. If it is unconstitutional, the court will so
decide; and it will be null and void without repeal.
If it is constitutional, the people have the right to
pass it. If unconstitutional, it is void, and the
court will asceitani the fact; and we pledged our
honors to abide the derision. *
Mr. DAVIS. If it will not embarrass the Sen-
ator, I would ask him if, as chief Executive of the
United States, he would sign a bill to protect slave
propei ty in S(n to. Territory, or District of Colum-
bia—an act of Congress?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be time enough for
me, or any other man, to say what bills he will
sign, when he is in a position to exercise the
power.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has a right to make
me that answer. I was only leading on to a fair
understanding of the Senator and myself about
non-intervention. * "v ^ * * *
I think it now nppoarf. that, m the minds of the
gentleman, non-intervention isa shadowy, unsub-
stantial doctrine, which has its application ac-
cording to the circumstances of the case. It ceased
to apply when it was necessary to annul an act
in Kansas in relation to the political rights of the
inhabitants. It had no application when it was
necessary to declare that the old French laws
should not be revived m the Territory of Kansas
after the repeal of the Missomi compromise; but
it rose an insurmountable barrier, when we pro-
posed to sweep away the Mexican donees, usages,
or laws, and leave the Constitution and laws of
the United States unfettered in their operation in
the territory acquired from Mexico. It thus seems
to have a constantly varying application; and as
I have not yet reached a good definition, one
which quite satisfies me, I must take it as I find it
in the Senator's speech, in which he says Ala-
bama asserted the doctrine of non-intervention in
1856. The Alabama resolutions of 1856 asserted
the right to protection, and the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to give it. So, if he stands upon
the resolutions of Alabama in 1856, non-interven-
tion is very good doctrine,and exactly agrees with
what I believe—no assumption by the Federal
Government of any power over the municipal
territorial governments which is not necessary;
that the hand of Federal power shall be laid as
lightly as possible upon any territorial commu-
nity; that its laws shall bu limited to the necessi-
ties of each case; that it shall leave the inhabitants
as unfettered in the determination of their local
legislation as the rights of the people of the States
will permit and the duty of the General Govern-
ment will allow. But when non-intervention is
pressed to the point of depriving the arm of the
Federal Government of its one great function of
protection, then it is the doctrine which we de-
nounce, which we call squatter sovereignty; the
renunciation by Congress, and the turning over
to the inhabitants a sovereignty which rightfully
it does not belong to the one to grant or the other
to claim, and further and worse thus to divest the
Federal Government of a duty which the Consti-
tution requires it to perform.
To show that this view is not new, that it does
not rest singly on the resolutions of Alabama, I
will refer to a subject, the action upon which has
already been quoted m this debate—the Oregon
bill. During the discussion of the Oregon bill, I
offered, in the Senate, June 23, 1848, an amend-
ment, which I will read:
" Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall be
so construed as to authouze the prohibition of donatio
slavery m said Territory whilst it remains in the condition
of a Territory of the United States."
Upon this I will cite the authority of Mr. Cal-
houn in his speech on the Oregon bill, June 27,
1848:
" The twelfth section of this bill is intended to as^ci tand
maintain this demand of the non-slavehoiding States, while
it lemam a Terntoiy, not openly or diiectlv, but indnectly,
bv extending the provision:* of the bill for the establishment
of the Iowa Tenitory to this, and b> r.itifv nig tin? acts of
the Lnfoimal and s>elf-constitutcd government of Cheizon.
which, among others, contains one piohibiting the intro-
duction of slavery. It thu*;, in reality, adopts what i-s called
the Wdniot proviso, not only for Oregon, hut, as the bill
now stands, tor New Mexico and California. The amend-
ment, on the contrary, moved by the Senator from Missis-
sippi near me, [Mr. Davis.] i  intended to assortand main-
tain the position of the slaveholchng States. Jt leaves the
Teuitoiy tree and open to all the citizens of the United
States, and would oveirule, if adopted, the act of the self-
constituted Teriitoiv of Oiegun and the twelfth section, as
far as it relates to the subject under eon<idet<ition. We
have thus fanly presented the giouiid* taken by the non-
slavehoidmg and the slaveholdmg States or, as 1 shall call
them for the sake of bievity, the northern and southern
States, in their whole extent, for discussion.'"—Appendix
to Covgrcssional Globe, Thntietk Congress, first session,
p. 6-66.
I will quote also one of the speeches which he
made near the close of Ins life, at a time when he
was so far wasted by disease that it was necessary
for him to ask the Senator from Virginia, who
sits before mo, [Mr. Mason,] to read the speech
which his tameless spirit impelled him to com-
pose, but which he was physically unable to de-
liver: and once again he came to the Senate Cham-
ber when standing yetmorc nearly on the confines
of death. He rose, his heart failing in its functions,
lus voice faltered, but his will was so strong that
he could not realize that the icy hand was upon
him; and he erroneously thought he was op-
pressed by the weight of his ovetcoat. True to
Ilia devotion to tin pnnciples In' had always ad-
vocated, clinging in the last hour of his hfe to tho
duty to maintain the lights of his constituents,
still he was here, and his honored, though ft-eblc,
voice was raised for the maintenance of the great
prmciphs to which his life had been devoted.
Fromthe speech I read as follows:
The plan of the Admnu.-tianon cannot save tin' Union,
beeau-e it can have no elfett wharevci tov\\ud< sau-f;,
tin' Sure* compo^a:,' tin- soiuncin nnon oi tlx* Union
that then- can, consist Mtlv wall ^I'Vtv and bono,. lem.iin
in !h'' Union, ft w, in iact, but a niodilk anon of me V/'l-
nioi p'ovimj. Lt piopoM;> to etu'Ct the same object—to cx-
eiude the riouth lioni all territory acquued by the Momcuii
