880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Tke gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. McPherson] is entitled to the
floor.
DISORGANIZATION AND DISUNION.
Mr. McPHERSON. Mr. Chairman, a parlia-
mentary contest, the most extraordinary m Qur
annals, has recently closed. During its existence,
it attracted the attention, and finally awakened the
anxiety, of the country. At its termination, every
patriot heart felt glad. In its origin, progress, and
- issue, it challenges the study of those who wish to
understarfd the real position and animating spirit
of parties, the capabilities and dangers of our sys-
tem, the tendencies of events, and the nature of
the molding influences which surround our insti-
tutions. ^ .
The contest, which has been already noticed m
Europe to the disparagement of the republican
form of government, was not an ordinary party
movement, indicating nothing, and wisely forgot-
ten as soon as made. It was not accidental,pur-
poseless, unmeaning. It was not an isolated fact,
coming one knows not whence, pointing on e knows
not whither. On the contrary, it was a concerted
scheme, had a congenial origin, and pointed to a
desired result. It was a political demonstration
of the very highest significance. It came in a
natural succession of events. It was one of a
chain, the threats of disunion in the contingency
of Fremont's election in 1856, made by Demo-
cratic leaders, and their subsequent indorsement
of the lawlessness, crime, and bloodshed which
prevailed in Kansas, as a result of a like violent,
arbitrary, reckless, and revolutionary policy on
,the part of the Democratic party, being the im-
mediate antecedent links; all these developments
being symptomatic of the loathsome and deep-
seated disease which has stolen the beauty from
the life of the Democratic party, and is now de-
stroying the hfe. It was a genuine growth; a nat-
ural outcrop; a legitimate and necessary result of
the ideas and principles lately infused into the
Democratic party; ideas and principles which
have completely changed its character, and trans-
formed it into a mere machine for faciionists to
handle in their war with the Government and the
interests of the people. Neither was it the work
of unknown or uninfluential men. Itwas coined
in the brains of prominent officials, approved by
the leaders of an organized party, and carried out
with the system, energy, and determination of
men in earnest—its marked characteristics, dis-
tinctive features, peculiar nature, striking devel-
opments,and significant surroundings constituting
it one of the most remarkable and suggestive in-
dications of the day.
it stands alone.
In almost all respects, it was without parallel.
In duration only, was it exceeded by that of
1855-56, which can, in no other respect, be com-
pared. Then there was no resort to parliament-
ary strategy to prevent efforts to elect a Speaker;
and more votes were taken in one week than, this
session, were taken in six weeks. There was no
persistent speech-making for the same purpose;
there was no factious interposition, by a minority,
to prevent the majority from performing the first
duty imposed upon them by the Constitution and
the *Iaws; there was no defiant declaration of trea-
sonable purpose to break up the Government the
moment the administration of it passes from pres-
ent hands; there was no organized movement
directed towards a dissolution of the Congress,
without a discharge of its functions. In one
word, then, there was no incipient treason.
its nature and effect.
I have endeavored to view this subject calmly,
fairly, and impartially. I have looked at it in the
light of the various excuses by which it is sought
to justify or palliate the course of the Adminis-
tration party, and my conviction is firm that, not-
withstanding the approval given it by high officers
of State, it was not only in violation of the Con-
stitution and of parliamentary and statute law,
but was factious and revolutionary in character.
During it, there was resort by them to means
unusual and unheard of: there were purposes
announced incompatible with the safety of the
people, the peaceful performance of duty by their
Representatives, and the stabilityof the Govern-
ment; and there were precedents set of the most
alarming and fearful character, which, if followed,
will place it in the power of fifty members wholly
to prevent the organization of any future House;
thus making its existence a matter of sufferance,
and the Government as feeble as the old Confed-
eration which it supplanted. Nothing can save
ns from this.perpetual danger but the enactment of
a law, of which I am glad to see notice has been
already given, by which these revolutionary pre-
cedents will be nullified, a future turbulent and
disorganizing minority will be disarmed, the ma-
jority principle preserved,and the rights of major-
ities secured against all possible combinations.
the law and its obligation,
Let the facts bear testimony! We met on the
5th day of December in pursuance of law, where-
upon the names of the members elect were called
by the Clerk of the last Congress. On motion it
was resolved, according to immemorial usage, that
the members proceed to elect a Speaker. This
was clearly the first duty; and the motion was
unanimously agreed to. The Constitution confers
upon the members of the House of Representa-
tives the power to choose their Speaker and other
officers; and the act of Congress of 1789, the first
on the statute-book, provides that he shall be
chosen; that, the oath of office shall be adminis-
tered by one memberjof the House to the Speaker,
and by him to all the members present, and to the
Clerk, "previous to entering oil any other busi-
ness." Thus the organization of the House, by
electing a Speaker and Clerk, is made a condition
precedent to entering on any other business, and
is the first and essential step. No member is at
liberty to disregard this duty. No one can do so
without infidelity. And all are bound to perform
it at once; or, failing in that, to use all practicable
means to effect it at the earliest possible moment.
No one can be justified in interposing the least
obstacle to the performance of this duty by the
House. Tried by this test, how stand the par-
ties?
the means tj5ed to keep up discord.
After one vote for Speaker had been taken with-
out result, an Administration member introduced
a resolution of an extraordinary character, in vio-
lation of parliamentary law and practice, and in
contravention of the act of 1789—a resolution
which, if adopted, would have l}een inoperative,
which hence had no practical value and could not
«in any manner have facilitated the organization;
and which was so objectionable in its terms that at
the conference of representatives of the three anti-
Rcpublican elements of the House—the Adminis-
tration party, the South Americans, and a portion
of the anti-Lecompton Democrats—held on Sun-
day, January 8, in pursuance of an arrangement
publicly made m the House with the avowed pur-
pose of securing a union of their votes to defeat
Air. Sherman, it was unanimously resolved to
recommend the withdrawal of the resolution,
and the substitution of another differing much in
phraseology and spirit. Pending the considera-
tion of this resolution, the Administration party
forced the House to ad journ on the first day with-
out a second vote for Speaker. On the next day,
a substitute for it was offered, when, after debate,
itwas moved to lay the whole subject on the table,
that the House might proceed to elect a Speaker.
This was lost by a tie vote—all the Administration
members voting in tke negative. Thereupon, they
claimed unlimited freedom of debate, and denied
that there was any power in the body to stop it.
Points of orde*, and other complications of the
question, were made and wi thdrawn, as the exigen-
cies of debate suggested. Theyspentwhole weeks
in making mischievous and incendiary speeches,
which, intemperate in the highest degree, carica-
tured the principles held by this side of the House,
and were intended to arouse sectional animosities,
and intensify alarrft, that miserable partisan pur-
poses might be promoted. They objected to a
resolution proposed by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Morris,] that no debate be allowed
until after the election of Speaker. They refused
to make an arrangement for having at least one
vote for Speaker each day; again, they objected
to a resolution providing for three votes daily; and
for a time they even turned a deaf ear to the feel-
ing appeal of the geutleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Clemens,] who, in feeble health and wearied with
, long sessions, desired a settled understanding on
the subject, that he might know when his pres-
ence was necessary, and when he might retire
from the floor.
When not ready to speak, being unwilling to
vote, they made dilatory motions, and thus com-
pelled an adjournment. They refused to permit
the offering of a resolution to limit each debater to
thirty minutes, and one speech on a pending ques-
tion, until ail desiring had spoken. They threat-
ened to remain in session until March 4, 1861,
rather than allow the adoption of the plurality
rule, which was twice adopted under like circum-
stances, is recognizcd in the rules of the House
and in ail popular elections, and which, for weeks,
appeared to be the only escape from the entangle-
ment. At first, they appeared willing to permit
a vote to be taken upon the rule, and submit to the
result. Then they made that contingent upon the
House votingon the resolution offered thefirstday.
Then they declined to say that if the latter were
voted on they would agree to vote upon the former.
And finally, they declared that it never should be
voted upon; and that, to prevent it, resort would
be had toevery parliamentary means at command.
Not content with declaring this purpose, which,
in the existing condition of things, seemed tanta-
mount to absolute prevention of organization,
form and substance were given to this threat by
fifty-eight of them signing a pap^r pledging them-
selves to each other to act together in resisting,
by all parliamentary tactics, strategy, and means,
known to the Constitution and the law, the adop-
tion of the plurality rule.
The full force of this will be better understood
when it is stated that fifty men, thus banded to-
gether, a unit for purposes of disorganization,
can, by resorting to the endless chain of dilatory
motions to adjourn, to adjourn over, to be excused
from voting, &c.; on ail which, constantly re-
peated, they .could call the yeas and nays, effect-
ually and forever prevent the election of a Speaker,
the passage of a bill, or the transaction of an item
of legislative business. Such a combination was
made on the Administration side, and its nature
and terms, and their purpose to persist in it,
openly proclaimed upon the floor. This con-
spiracy contemplated three things: to prevent a
vote being taken on the plurality rule; to prevent
its adoption; and to prevent the election of a
Speaker under it. It was made by a minority in
the House, who, by these anti-constitutional
methods, proposed to prevent the majority from
adopting such rules as would rescue the House
from its condition of embarrassment. It was an
attempt of a minority to coerce the House into
their line of policy; to introduce force into our
system—the last desperate resort of those bent
on ruining if no longer permitted to rule.
Let me say that all the Admimstiationistsdidnot
enter into this conspiracy. Several, it was stated,
refused to do it; and it was further stated that no
northwestern Democrat had signed it. I have no
doubt this is true. More might have been said—
that no northern Democrat had taken this bold
step. But I do not recollect a single occasion, after
il became known that this factious and revolu-
tionary combination existed, on which any*of the
northern Democracy refused to vote under the
leadership of the very gentlemen who admitted
the existence of the compact, and were in the act
of fulfilling it.
It must not be understood that the Administra-
tion party refused to permit any votes for Speaker
to be taken. They were too sagacious for that.
When it was known to be safe, they were willing
to amuse themselves, flatter each other with cheap
compliments, and, above all, satisfy the country,
as the phrase goes. During the first week, they
allowed three votes to be taken; during the sec-
ond, seven; during the third, when there wore
| hopesofan Administration combination with other
| parties, eleven; during the fourth, when these
j hopes had disappeared, three; during the fifth,
five; during the sixth, five; during the seventh,
none; during the eighth, five; and during the ninth,
five; in all, forty-four votes in forty daysof actual
session. In 1855, there were over one hundred
and thirty votes taken in the same period.
Of course, only factious means could have pro-
, dueed such results. When the contest was m its
i earlier stages, and before the worst steps were
taken, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
admitted that the prevention of votes, tmsing friv-
olous points of order,-making dilatory motions,
