I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong....1st Sess.
Property in Territories—Mr. Davis.
Senate; ■
treaty. It is well known that the South is united against
tiio Wilmot proviso, and lias committed itself, by solemn
resolutions, to resist, should it be adopted. Its opposition
is not the name, but that which it proposes to ejfcct. That
the vouthern States hold to be unconstitutional, unjust,
inconsistent with their equality as membetsof the common
Union, and calculated to destroy irretrievably the equilib-
rium between the two sections. These objections equally
apply to what, for brevity, I will call the executive pro-
viso. There is no ditfeience between it and the Wilmot,
except in the mode of effecting the object; and in that re-
spect £ must say that the latter is much the least objec-
tionable. It goes to its object openly, boldly, and distinctly,
it chums ibr Congress unlimited power ovei the Terri-
tories, and proposes 10 assert it over the Territories ac-
quired horn Mexico, by a positive prohibition of slavery.
Not so the executive proviso, ft takes an indirect course ;
and m ordei to elude the Wilmot ptoviso, and thereby
avoid eneounteringthc united and determined resistance of
the South, it denies, by implication, the authority of Con-
giess to legislate foitheTerntories.and claims the right as
belonging exclusively to the inhabitants or the Tcrutoiies.
Bur to effect the object of (including the South, it takes
caie, m the mean time, to let in emigrants freely from the
northern States and all other quarters, except liom the
South, which it takes special caie to exclude by holding up
to them the danger of having their slaves libeiated under
the Mexican laws. The neces^aiy consequence is to ex-
clude the .South fiom the Terntoiy, just as eliectually as
would the Wilmot proviso Th^ only difference. in this
respect is, that whai one proposes to effect dnectlyand
openly, the other pioposes to eftectindirectlyand covertly.
" Hilt the executive proviso is moio objectionable than
the Wilmot in anotherand more important paificulai. The
latter, to effect its object, inflicts a dangeious wound upon
the Constitution, by depriving the southern States, as joint
partners and owners of the Teiritories. of their rights in
them; but it inflicts no greatci wound than is absolutely
lieeessary to ({fleet us object. The ionner. on the con-
tiary. while it inflicts the same wound, inflicts otheia
equally great, and, if possible, greater, as i shall next pro-
ceed to explain.
"in claiming the light for the inhabitants, instead of
Congress, to legislate for the Territories, the executive
proviso assumes that the sovereignty over the Temtories
is vested in the foimei, or, to expiess it in the language
used m a resolution oltVml b> one of the Senators iiom
Te.xar. [Genera! Houston, now absent,] tin yhave the^ame
inheient naht of self-government as the people m the
States.' The assumption 1* utterly unfounded, unconsti-
tutional. w iihoul example, and eonii.iry to the entne piac-
ti<'e of the Government, tiom it-- commencement to the
'present t.me, a-< I shall proceed to show."—G'ai/ioun's
JFor.Vs, vol. 4. p. oo'2.
I find that I must abridge by abstaining fiom
the reading of extracts. When this question arose
in ld20, Nathaniel Macon, by many considered
the wisest man of his day, held the proposed in-
terference to bo unauthorized and innovative. In
arguing1 against the Missouri compromise, as it
was called—the attempt by Congress to prescribe
where slaves might ormight not be held—the ex-
ercise by the Federal Government, north of a cer-
tain point, of usurped power by an act of inhibi-
tion, Mr. Macon said our true policy w< s that
which bad thus far guided the countiyin safety—
the policy of non-intervention. By i.on-interven-
tion he meant the absence of hostile legislation,
not the absence of governmental protection. On r
doctrine on this point is not new, but that of our
opponents is so.
The Senator from Illinois assumes that the con-
gressional acts of 1850 meant no legislation m re-
lation to slave property; while in the face of that
declaration stand the law? enacted in that year,
and the promise of another which has not been
enacted—laws directed to the question of slavery
and slave property; one even declaring in certain
contingencies, as a penalty on the owner, the
emancipation of his slave in the district of Co-
lumbia. If no action upon the question was the
pre vai 1 i ng opinion, what does the legislation mean ?
Was it non-action in the District of Columbia?
Be it remembeied, the resolution of the Cincinnati
platform says, " non-interleronee by Congress
with slavery m State and Territory, or in the
District of Columbia." They arc all upon the
same footing.
Again, lie said that the Badger amendment was
adeelaiation of no protection to slave property.
The Badger amendment declares that the repeal
of the Missouri compromise shall not revive the
lawsor usages which preexisted that compromise;
and the history of the times, so far as I under-
stand it, is, that it intended to assure those gentle-
men who feared that the laws of France would be
revived in the Tern tones of Kansas and Nebraska
by the repeal of the act of 1820, and that they
would be held responsible for having, by congres-
sional act, established slavery. The southern men
did not desire Congress to establish slavery. It
has been our uniform declaration that wo denied
the power of the Federal Government cither to
establish or prohibit it; that we claimed for it pro-
tection as property, recognized by the Constitu-
tion, and we claimed the right for it, as property,
to go, and to receive Federal protection wherever
the jurisdiction of the United States is exclusive.
We claim that the Constitution of the United
States, in recognizing this property, making it
the basis of representation, put it not upon the
footing which it holds between foreign nations,
but upon the basis of the compact or union of the
States; that under the delegated grant to regulate
commerce between the States, it did not belong to
a State; therefore, without breach of contract, they
cannot, by any regulation, prohibit transit; and
the compact provided that they should not change
the character of master and slave in the case of a
fugitive. Could Congress surrender for the States
and their citizens the claim and protection for
those or other constitutional rights against inva-
sion by aState ? If not, surely it cannot be done in
the case of a Territory, a possession of the States.
The word " protecting" in that amendment re-
ferred to laws which preexisted; laws which it
was not designed by the Democrats to revive
when they declared the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, and therefore I think did not affect
the question of constitutional right and of Federal
power and duty.
In all these territorial bills wo have the language
" subject to the Constitution;" that is to say,that
the inhabitants are to manage their local affairs
m their own way? subject to the Constitution;
which, 1 suppose, might be rendered thus: " in
their own way, provided their own way shall be
somebody else's way;" for" subject to the Con-
stitution" means in accordance with an instru-
ment with which the territorial inhabitants had
iiothmgtodo; withthcconstruction of which they
were noteoncerned; in the adoption of which they
. had no part, and in relation to which it has some-
times been questioned whether they had any re-
I sponsibility. My own views, as the Senator is
1 aware, from previous discussions—and it is need-
1 less to repeat—arc, that the Constitution is coex-
I tensive with the United States; that the designation
! includes the Terutories: that they are necessarily
I subject to the Constitution. But if they be sub-
: ject to the Constitution, and subject to the organic
i act, that is the language used; that organic act
1 being the law of Congress, that Constitution being
! the compact of the States—the territorial inhabit-
■ ants having no lot or part in one or the other,
: save as they are imposed upon them—where is
j their claim to sovereignty? Where is their right
1 to do as they please 5 The States have a compact,
| and the agent of the States gives to the Territo-
! lies a species of constitution in the organic act
i which endures and binds them until they throw
! ofl'what the Senator on another occasion termed
! the minority condition, and assume the majority
I condition as a State. The remark to which I rc-
| ferwas on the bill to admit Iowa and Florida into
' the Union. The Senator then said:
j "The lather may bind the son during his minotity, but
1 the moment that he (the <-on) attains his majority, his fct-
| tei  aie severed, and he t^irce to tegulatc his. own conduct,
j So. mi-, with the Terutories; they aie subject to the juris-
[ diction and control of Comjrossduting[infancy, their imnor-
; itv; but when they attain their majoiity. and obtain adims-
: sion into the Union, they are tree from all restiamts and
i restrictions, cxccpt such as the Constitution of the United
| States imposes upon each and all of the States."
I This was the doctrine of territorial sovereignty
( —perhaps that is the phrase—at that period. At
| a later period, in March, 1856, the Senator said:
| "The sovereignty of a Territory teinains in abeyance,
1 suspended in the United States m tiu-t for the people, until
I they shall be admitted into tne Union as a State. In the
i mean time, they are admitted to enjoy and exeicise all the
' nihtsuud jHmle^e*- of >elf government, m --uboulni.Uioii
! to the Constitution of th<% United States, and in obedicncc
i to the oii^inic l.uv passed by Congress m pursuance of that
I instalment.
| If it be admitted—and I believe there is no issue
! between the Senator and myself on that point—
I that the Congress of the United States have no
I light to pass a law excluding slaves from a Ter-
| ritoiy, or determining m the Territory the rela-
• tion of master and slave, of parent and child, of
guardian and ward: that they have no rightany-
| where to decide what is property, but are only
; bound to protect such rights as preexisted the
j formation of the Union—to perform such func-
, lions as are intrusted to them as the agent of the
States—then how can Congress, thus fettered,'
confer upon a corporation of its creation—upon
a Territorial Legislature, by an organic act, a
power to determine what shall be property within
the limits of such Territory ?
But, again, if it were admitted that the terri-
torial inhabitants did possess this sovereignty—
that they had the right to do as they pleased on
all subjects—then would arise the question, if
they wore authorized through their representa-
tives thus to act, whence came the opposition to
what was called the Lecompton constitution ?
How did Congress, under this state of facts, get
the right to inquire whether those representatives
in that case really expressed the will of the peo-
ple? Still more: how did Congress get the right
to decide that those representatives must submit
their action to a popular vote in a manner not
prescribed by the people of theTerritory,however
eminently it may have been advisable, convenient,
and proper, in the judgment of the Congress of
the United States? What revisory function had
we, if they, through their representatives, had full
power to act on all such subjects whatsoever?
I have necessarily, m answering the Senator,
gone somewhat into the argumentwn adhominem.
Though it is not entirely exhausted, I think
enough has been said to show the Senate in what
the difference between us consists. If it be neces-
sary further to illustrate it, I might ask, how did
he propose to annul the organic act for Utah, if
the recognition by the Congress of a sufficient
number of inhabitants to justify the organization
of a territorial government transferred the sov-
ereignty to the inhabitants of the Territory? If
sovereignty passed by the recognition of the fact,
how did he propose, by congressional act, to
annul the territorial existence of Utah ?
It is this confusion of ideas, it is this confound-
j ing of terms, this changing of language, this ap-
j plying of new meanings to words, out of which,
I think, a large portion of the dispute arises. For
instance, it is claimed that President Pierce, in
using the phrase " existing and incipient States,"
meant to include all Territories, and thus that he
had bound me to a doctrine which precluded my
strictures on what I termed squatter sovereignty.
This all arises from the misuse of language. An
incipient State, according to my idea, is the ter-
ritorial condition at the moment it changes into
that of a State. It is when the people assemble
in convention to form a constitution as a State,
that they are in the condition of an incipient State.
Various names were applied to the Territories at
an earlier period. Sometimes they were called
tk new States," because they were expected to be
States; sometimes they were called "States in
embryo;" and it requires a determination of the
language that is employed before it is possible to
arrive at any conclusion as to the differences of
understanding between gentlemen. Therefore it
was, and I think very properly—but not, as the
Senator supposed, to catechise him—that I asked
him what he. meant by non-intervention, before I
commenced these remarks.
In the same line of errors was the confusion
which resulted in his assuming that the evils I
described as growing out of his doctrine on the
plains of Kansas, were a denunciation, on my part,
of the bill called the Kansas-Nebraska bill- At
the time that bill passed, I did not foresee all the
evils which have resulted from the doctrine based
upon it, but which I do not think the bill sus-
tains. I am not willing now to turn on those who
were in a position which compelled them to act,
made them responsible, and to divest myself of
any responsibility which belongs to any opinion I
entertained. I will not seek to judge after the
fact and hold the met sure up against those who
had to judge before. Therefore, I will frankly
avow that i should have sustained that bill if I
had been in the Senate; but I did not foresee or
apprehend such evils as immediately grew up on
the plainsof Kansas. Hooked then, as ourfalners
had looked before, to the settlement of the ques-
tion of what institutions should exist there, as
one to be determined by soil and climate, and by
the pleasure of those who should voluntarily go
into the country. Such, however, was not the
case. The form of the Kansas-Nebraska bill in-
vited to a controversy—not foreseen. I was not
charging the Senator with any responsibility for
