THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1860.
New Semes No. 56.
and discussing every proposition with unlimited
freedom, both as to time, range of thought, and
frequency, were factious; but there is scarcely a
parliamentary word which can truthfully charac-
terize the policy of the Administrationists when
it ripened into organized conspiracy. The early
course was factious; the later revolutionary. The
non-organization of the House is of itself a revo-
lutionary act; and so admitted to be by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Stewart,] involv-
ing disturbance, clogging, and stoppage of the
whole machinery of Government. It is not rev-
olution completed; but that is only because of the
limited power of the parties conspiring. Yet we
were repeatedly and most positively assured that,
except the House were organized in the manner
they preferred, it never should be organized, no
matter what the consequences; and constant proofs
of this purpose were spread upon the records, and
sent forth to the people. By whom, and how, was
this done ?
who were the conspirators?
I have not been able to find, upon the records,
that declarations such as have been adverted to
w.^re made by any gentlemen except those who
are members of the Administration party, or, be-
ing outside of all political organizations, habitu-
ally vote with it. And, except one South Amer-
ican, the fifty-eight signers of the mutual pledge
are exclusively members of the Democratic party,
or gentlemen who cooperate with it, and certain
of them are recognized leaders.
It is in no spirit of exultation that I state these
unquestionable facts. On the other hand, it is
with deep regret I am compelled to believe that
the great Democratic garty—that party which has
been for more than a quarter of a century the con-
trolling interest in the Republic; which was found-
ed by great men to accomplish good purposes;
which has impressed itself most forcibly, and
generally beneficently, upon the history of the
countryj and through it upon the world; which
has linked its name with some grand achievements,
and which has had upon its roll patriot states-
men, eloquent orators, accomplished scholars,
and gallant soldier's—has degenerated into an or-
ganization, whose leading spirits, if sincere in
their enunciations, are enemies of the Govern-
ment; and, if insincere, are bad men, who add to
the guilt of hypocrisy a recklessness which is well-
nigh impious.
thev are already rebuked.
Sir, gentlemen on the other side of the House
do not realize the position they have deliberately
assumed, if they suppose that the American peo-
ple door can approve it. This nation is not pre-
pared to commit self-destruction. Nor will it per-
mit misguided, impulsive, rash men, who happen
to be their Representatives, to destroy what they
are chosen to uphold; to violate what they were
elected to defend. The shocking sentiments ut-
tered on the other side have already received the
condemnation of the people—thatgreattribunal of
America, to whose judgment all political questions
are referred. All over the southern country, the
voice of reason is heard above the din of madness;
and flippant demagogues are warned of their im-
potency to perform their self-assumed task of pre-
paring the public mind for disunion. The press
and the people, through mass meetings and their
local Legislatures, unite to reprobate the crime,
and warn those drifting towards its commission,
All over the North there is but one sentiment. It
pervades all parties; penetrates all communities;
fills all hearts. That sentiment is:
the maintenance of our national union
against all foes, foreign and domestic. I have
said this sentiment pervades all pax ties. For this
reason it is, that, whilst northern Democrats in
Congress have been comparatively unconcerned
about the general course of their southern allies
on this vital question, the leaders at home, who
have had occasion to see the effect produced, have
been exceedingly restive under the ceaseless
preaching of disunion. They have made haste to
56
disown it; to rid their skirts of all responsibility
for it; and have gone to the extent of reading out
of the Democratic party the leadinggentlemen on
the other side of this Souse.
pennsylvania democrats.
A striking instance in point recently oecurred
in Pennsylvania. Whale the struggle for Speaker
was at its height, the General Assembly of that
State passed two resolutions on the subject. The
latter is in the following terms:
" Resolved, That Pennsylvania remains, as ever, faithful
and true to the Constitution and the Union, and determined
that they shall be maintained; that the treasonable threats
of disunion uttered by the adherents of the present national
Administration on the floor of Congress will not deter her
people from the expression ot their political views and the
proper protection ot her interests, but will be treated with
the utmost contempt and scorn; while any attempt to carry
such threats into execution will be met by her determined
resistance."
A day or two after the passage of these reso-
lutions, the Democratic members of the Senate
placed upon the journal of that body a protest,
embodying the reasons why they had voted
against the resolutions of the majority, concern-
ing which they say, among other things, that-—
"They [the majority resolutions] are untrue in the inti-
mation that' the adherents of the present national Admin-
istration on the floor of Congress' have uttered treasonable
threats of disunion ; for it is notorious that any such threats,
by whomsoever uttered, were riot made a" adherents of an
Administration distinguished foi its steadfast devotion to
the Union, and its unf. inching support of the Confedeiaey
and the Constitution on which it lests."
The anxiety of these Pennsylvania Democratic
Senators to escape the odium of being identified
with utterers of treasonable disunion sentiments
is most apparent. Before, however, proceeding
to consider that point, let me remark that their
protest raises another question of fact: that is,
whether the present Administration has been dis-
tinguished for its steadfast devotion to the Union
and its unflinching support of the Constitution.
I will not waste time'in discussing the question;
but wish to say that, in my opinion, this Admin-
istration has been controlled by southern nullifiers;
has strengthened that interest which now, like-
wise, aims to despotize over the people; hasfintro-
duced and intensified discord; has violated the
foundation principles of free government; and has
given countenance and approval to arbitrary, des-
potic, and anti-constitutional doctrines, whose
prevalence has, in turn, weakened the Confeder-
acy, by disturbing the just relations of the States
to cach other—for proof of which, I confidently
appeal to current history. Observe, also, the quib-
ble in the denial of the protest. It is said that
treasonable threats, &c., by whomsoever uttered,
" were not made as adherents of an Administra-
tion," &c. That is, they were not made by per-
sons in the capacity of adherents! If this be the
meaning of the Senators, their subterfuge is con-
temptible, and justly lays their motives open to
suspicion. If this be not the meaning, and the
obscure phraseology be a mere error of expres-
sion; and if their allegation be that the Adminis-
tration Congressmen have not been uttering dis-
union threats, I appeal "to the record-for the
language used, and for the political status of the
members using it. I think it can easily be proved
that the Administration party in Congress is
tainted in all its parts, and certainly in its head
and heart, (the southern portion,) with bo^ se-
cession and disunion heresies.
democratic disunionists and their threats.
Why, if there be meaning in language and sin-
cerity in men, the master spirits of the Demo-
cratic party in Congress are covered with the
scrofulous taint of disunion. There yet ring in
our ears the echoes of the most unexampled dec-
lamation, every note of which grates harshly
upon our ears.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Keitt,] in a recent speech, said \
"Should the Republican pf\rty suoceed in the next pres-
idential election, my advice to the South is to snap the
cords of the Union at once and forever."
And the honorable member was one of the
most active in efforts to effec,t the election of a
Democratic Speaker, and supported every candi-
date named on that side except that norfhern
Democrat in whose hands the flag went down in
defeat.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar]
said that when the spirit of the Constitution (of
course as he understood it) was no longer ob-
served on this floor, he would be against the Gov-
ernment, wouldraise the banner of secession, and
would light under it as long as the blood flows and
ebbs in his veins.
His colleague, former Governor of his State,
[Mr. McRae,] declared, that in case of the election <
of a Republican President, his counsel to the people
of Mississippi'" would be to take independence
out of the U nion in preference to the loss of con-
stitutional rights, and consequent degradation and
dishonor in it." He said further, " that this is
his position,and the position the Democratic party
of Mississippi will maintain." They propose to
consider the mere election of a Republican Presi-
dent cause for disunion, without waiting for the
loss of constitutional rights, &c., which they af-
fect to believe might flow from it. The gentleman
from Mississippi is a member of the Democratic
party, and has for years been one of its distin-
guished leaders. This session, he was one of the
famous committee constituted to make the pro-
posed Administration combination, and organize
this House. He voted for all the Democratic can-
didates for Speaker.
Another gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Sin-
gleton] gave notice that—
'c When you elect a Black Republican—Hale, Seward,
or <?hase—President of the United States ; whenever you
undertake to place such a man to preside over the destinies
of the South, you may expect to s-ee us undivided and in-
divisible friends, and to see all parties of the South arrayed
to resist his inauguration." * * * * "We can
never quietly stand by and permit the control of the Army
and Navy to go into the hands of a Black Republican
President."
He further expressed the opinion that, unless
certain conditions were complied with, and, among
others, the Territories of the Union thrown open
to slavery, and slavery protected in them by Con-
gress, the historian now lives who would write
the sad epitaph of Ilium fait upon the monument
of the nation.
The author of this language also voted for all
the Democratic candidates for Speaker.
Another member from Mississippi [Mr. Davis]
said:
"Gentlemen of the Republican party, I warn you. Pre-
sent your sectional candidate for 1860; elect him as the
representative of your system of labor; take possession ot the
Government, as the ins>tiumentof jour power in this con-
test of < irrepressible cpnflirV and we of the South will
tear this onstitution in pieces, and look to our guns for
justice and right against aggression and wrong."
Thus it is announced that the election of a Pres-
ident representing the free white-labor system of
the country will be accepted as, of itself, justifia-
ble cause of dissolution of the Union ! Men may
be elected and inaugurated as President who rep-
resent the negro slave-labor system and will wield
all the power of the Government for its expansion.
But the Union must be dissolved, and the inau-
guration of an elected President be prevented who
represents, sympathizes with,or would buildup,
the interests of the free white laboring men of the
United States! ' Such is the deliberate announce-
ment made on this floor, by a gentleman most
prominent in the councilsof the Democratic party.
I commend it to northern working-men.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Moore]
would not wait for any overt act, but would con-
sider the election as President of any Republican
candidate, entertaining sentiments like those of
Seward or Chase, as a declaration of war against
the rights of his people; and he believed that his
gallant State will not hesitate, in such a contin-
gency, let the consequences be what they may, to
fall back on their reserved rights, and declare to
the world, H As for this Union, we have no longer
: any lot or part in it," He rebuked the gentleman
I from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] for " his laudation
I of this glorious Union."
