1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
been given them never intended, as shown by the
express language of the speech in other parts of
it. There is another feature connected with this,
which deserves notice and is very significant, too.
That Rochester speech has been a chief point of
attack by the Democrats; yet, ofthe many speeches
made by them, which I have examined, I found,
I think, but two whose authors had the manliness
to print in their remarks even the paragraph which
was so_ violently assailed. They appeared to pre-
fer giving it their own interpretation, without fur-
nishing the reader the opportunity of testing its
fairness and correctness. I will not imitate that
example.
Failing with the gentleman from Virginia, they
rallied upon his colleague [Mr. Millsox] with
the .same result.
Twenty of them then voted for the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Boteleu,] who is widely
known as a South American; was a member of
thePhiladelphiaconventionwhich nominated Mr.
Fillmore, in 1856, and is in favor of a congres-
sional slave code for the Territories. •
Forty of them then voled for the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. AIaynard,] who, though pre-
sented as an old-line "Whig, and as never a mem-
ber of the Know Nothing order, had political as-
sociations in the last Congress, and has in this,
with the South Americans.
They gave eighty-nine votes to the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton,] who is understood
to be in favor of a congressional slave code for
the Territories.
They gave eighty-three votes to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Scott,] who had previously
denied, on the floor ofthe House, the power of a
Territorial Legislature to prevent the existence of
slavery in aTorrritory, and who, thereby, placed
himself on the south side of the Cincinnati plat-
form.
They gave, once thirty-three and again thirty-
seven voti's: and later in the session, ninety-one,
and again eighty-live votes, to the gentleman from j
Illinois, [Mr. JilcCi.e rv4xn,] who claims for the
Territorial Legislatures the power denied by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Scott,] but who
considers the existence of the power a judicial
question, to bo affirmed or denied by the proper
tribunals, to whose decision he was willing to
defer. It is but just to state, that nine southern
members, who voted for one or more of the other
Democratic candidates, declined to vote for the
gentleman from Illinois.
The Democratic or Administration party also
gave all their voles, save two, to the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] who, calling himself
a Whig, twice leceived the support of the Ameri-
cans of his district; to an extent sympathizes with
and approves of their principles and policy, and
is now here by virtue of that support; who acts
tcith the South Jlmcncan party in this House; who
supported the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bote-
ler] when hi' was the South American candidate
for Speaker, and subsequently the gentleman from
North Carolina [Air. Gilmer] when he occupied
that position; who was placed before this House
by the South American member from Kentucky
[Air. Mallory] as the candidate of that party,
nominated in a full caucus, at which the northern
member of the party [Mr. Briggs] says he was
present; and who received the votes of that entire
delegation on this floor. No one who witnessed
can ever forget that scene, as one by one, first
rapidly, then more and more slowly, the Demo-
cratic members" fell out of their own line inlo an-
other, until all but two, conveniently forgetting the
bristling declarations of the Cincinnati platform
on the subject of Americanism, and the unrepealed
resolutions of the Democratic members of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, placed their votes side
by side with those of the South Americans of the
House, whose position and doctrines they have
recently assailed with mtensest bitterness.
The county fioin which I come yet rings with
Democratic protestations of undying hostility to
Americanism in all its forms. Ou every lull-top,
in every school-house, from every stump, there
has gone up this one all-absorbing rallymg-cry. I
have never doubted its insincerity. It was a trans-
parent man-irap. It was too persistently made to
to honestly meant. x\ll over the land there was,
for a tune, the same expression of opinion; and
the various State and county platforms pledged a
ceaseless warfare with Americanism. On the 27th
of January, 18G0, in the House of Representatives
of the nation, there was furnished indubitable evi-
dence that another issue absorbs Democratic de-
votion; thatanewquestion has dwarfed the Amer-
ican jnto insignificance; and that Democratic pro-
fession ofliostility to Americanism is as meaning-
less as Democratic profession of protection m 1844,
and fidelity to iree labor in 1856.
Now let me recapitulate the variety of candi-
dates whom the Democrats in Congress have more
or less generally supported, and the variety of doc-
trines they have indorsed.
They^yotwl for the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bocock,] who voted for the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, sustained the Lecompton
constitution, and in 1850 proclaimed, in its broad-
est and most offensive form, an irrepressible " con-
flict between the two great sections of the coun-
try."
They voted for the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] wlfo voted against the repeal of
the Missouri compromise.
They voted for the other gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Boteler,] who, a South American,
repudiates, like the two preceding, popular sover-
eignty, and is in favor of a congressional slave
code for the Territories.
They voted for the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. AIaynard,] who, a Whig with American
associations, supported the Lecompton constitu-
tion, and scouts at popular sovereignty.
They voted for the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Hamilton',] who is now a Democrat,%.nd in
favor of a slave code, and who, in withdrawing
his name, gravely expressed the opinion that the
Union was then m process of dissolution—a great
dissolving view in the act of disappearing from
mortal vision I
They voted for the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Scott,] who, a free-State Democrat, dis-
cards popular sovereignty, upon which the Dem-
ocratic party made their successful campaign in
1856.
They supported the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. McClernand,] who, a free-State Democrat,
defends popular sovereignty and objects to a slave
code. " ,
And they supported the gentleman from North !
Carolina, [Mr. Smith,] who, a Whig with Anier- !
lean associations, affinities and sympathies, and i
the nominee of a South American caucus, repro- 1
bates popular sovereignty. j
Who can say, after such an exhibition, what i
Democratic doctrine is in practice ? It cannot be :
hostility to popular sovereignty; for Democratic !
Congressmen have indorsed, as fit to be Speaker,
a popular sovereignty man. It cannot be advo-
cacy of popularsovereignty; for Democratic Con-
gressmen have indorsed, as fit to be Speaker, sev- :
oral anti-popular sovereignty men. It cannot be j
reprobation of the ."irrepressible conflict;" for j
an indorffer of it, of ten years' standing, is their
chosen candidate. Nor can itbe hostility to Amer- l|
icauism; for Americans, and Whigs sympathizing ;j
with them, received the support of Democratic i|
Congressmen for the high position of Speaker— jj
thethirdpositionintheGovernment. Whatacom- j|
mentary is this last fact upon the high-sounding, !
comprehensive, and sweeping declarations of the ;j
Cincinnati platform, about "religious freedom"
and "accidental birth-place!" Alas, that there :
should be added to the first using and then betray- <
mg protectionists, m 1844, and the free white labor i'
j interest in 1856, this last and crudest proof of po- '
j litical insincerity—the betrayal of the foreigners .
j by birth and the Catholics "ill religion who, for I
j safety from apprehended evil, sought security in ;
' Democratic ranks, and in return gave vifctory to i
Democratic hosts. How sad the spectacle, yet ]'
j how instructive! i
| Thus much for others—a few words for myself. '
I have uniformly acted so as to promote an organ- ;
i ization ofthe House. IsupportedfirstforSpeaker |
a prominent and experienced member from Penn-
sylvania. When he declined, I cast my vote for
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] who !
had received the largest number of votes oil this :
side of the House, and who was commended to
me by valuable public services, by the possession [
of peculiar qualifications, and by great purity of j
character. He was efficient in exposing the Ivan- I
sas policy of President Pierce, with its compli-
cated web of fraud and outrage, and the corrup- |i
tion and extravagance of certain departments of i;
the present Administration; for all which the min-
ions of power owed him revenge, but the people
owed him thanks. Upon his withdrawal, I voted
for the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pen-
nington,] now the Speaker of the" House. In
each case, I sustained gentlemen faithful to the
right of self-government, (assailed in the last Con-
gress,) to the interests of free white labor, and to
that protective policy which, while vitally impor-
tant to Pennsylvania, would, if adopted, promote
the prosperity of all the States I sustained them
as patriotic, Union-loving, Constilution-respect-
mg men, who would do nothing in violation of
the letter or spirit of the great charter which con-
stitutes us one people, and who would yield only
with life their devotion to the Union. I did not
understand the prominent candidates on the other
side as occupying this position, and I could not,
would not, give them my support.
The cardinal doctrine of my political faith is
the maintenance of the Union of the States.
I will not support any man who thinks or speaks
lightly of it,.oi' -docs not consider it the greatest
good, its preservation a prime duty, and its de-
struction the greatest of calamities. Sir, I am not
ready to imperii all which this Government now
secures to us, and the thirty million of our pop-
ulation. I expect never to be ready for it. And'
because I am not,and would not be, I did notvote
for either of the gentlemen upon whom the dis-
union sentiment of this House was concentrated,
| and whose election would have been acceptable
i and strengthening to that interest. Sir, such a
J course requires no explanation or apology. Every
! man with a patriotic sentiment in his heart in-
j stinctively greets, approves, and indorses it.
| The three million Pennsylvanians whom this
delegation represent are a unit, upon this subject.
I No man can have political life among them who
is not in harmony with this sentiment. A seees-
I sionist has never been born upon her soil, which
i is the natal-spot of our Constitution. A disunion-
ist has never been reared within the settlement
of Penn, whose eastern boundary is associated
with a thrilling exploit of Washington; whose
southern line is a memorial of early fraternity;
j whose valleys sparkle with glories of the war of
1 independence; and whose broad bosom is the
i home of a people treasuring the just precepts of
; their immortal founder, and as abounding in all
the elements of greatness as any the sun smiles
i upon and makes glad. Sir, I seek not to pro-
| nounce their eulogy. They need none. Their
I history is their highest praise. Let doubters but
look aiound. On every hand is the proof of her
power, pealed forlh m the music of the ringing
anvil, the restless shuttle, the humming spindle,
the roaring stack, (he shrill whistle, the measured
tread of mighty machinery, and the flow of cheer-
ful industry through the thousand channels opened
by the ingenuity of man. Her progress in both
moral and physical development lias all the marks
of healthful growth, and her proportions, already
colossal, do not fill the measure of her vast ca-
pacity. In her hands are the implements of mul-
tiform industry; in her heart a love of justice; in
her step the elasticity of freedom; in her mien
the dignity of true greatness. She is a noble em-
bodiment of the great thought underlying our
whole system—the excellence, accretiveness, and
humanizing influence of intelligent, well-applied
free labor.
The peacefulness, protection, and security which
have afforded the opportunity of reaching so
great results, have been the gifts of the Constitu-
tion, with whose history her own is closely in-
tei twined, and the Union which is the result of its
beneficent provisions. Pennsylvania can never
forget her honorable past, or be insensible to the
inestimable blessings of the present. Until faith-
less to both, she will never do or sanction any act
in conflict with the Constitution, but will rigidly
give to others what she will as rigidly demand
for herself—all the rights which each can justly
claim. She will never do or sanction any act
tending to or effecting a disruption of this Union,
and will frown upon, disown, and if necessary put
down and trample under foot every man, every
faction, every party whose animating thought is
not the integrity of the Constitution, the purity of
the Government, and the perpetuity of the Union.
With her, I am devoted to this grand and inspir-
ing sentiment, ready to follow whithersoever it
may lead.
