1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
The Constitution expressly confers on Congress
the power
"To lay and collect taxe«:- duties, imposts, and excises.
" To pay the debts, arid provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States.
" To provide and maintain a Navy, -
"To rai&e and support armies.
" To establish post offices and post roads.
" To leguJate commerce with foreign nations, among the
seveial States, and with the Indian tribes.
" To make all laws^ which shall be necessary and proper
for canying into execution theforegoing powers."
The Constitution provides further, that
"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or con-
federation.
"Nor shall vessels bound to or from one State be bound
to enter, clear, or pay duties in another."
Congress recognized its duty in passing the bill
in question; but the President most unfortunately
attempts to evade the plain duty imposed upon the
Government by the Constitution; and it is more
unfortunate still, that, in his attempt to evade this
duty, he should falsify history, or deny the con-
stitutional obligation clearly imposed upon him. In
his veto message, he says:
"For more than thirty yeais after the adoption of the
Ferieial Constitution, the power to appropriate money for
internal improvements, was neither claimed nor exercised."
This is a great error in the statement of facts.
1 will presently show that this power was both
" claimed" and "exercised" at a much earlier
period in the practical workings of the Govern-
ment.
Again the President says:
"As an original power, the authority to erect light-houses
under the commercial power, might be considered doubt-
ful ; but even were it more doubtful than it is, I should re-
gard it as settled after an uninterrupted exercise of the
power for seventy years. Such a long and uniform practi-
cal const! uction of the Constitution is entitled to the high-
est reject, and has finally determined the question."
The President is mistaken in stating that the
Federal Government, under this power, only ap-
propriated money for 41 light-houses " during the
iirst thirty years of its existence. The ninth act
passed by the First Congress under the Constitu-
tion, and approved by Washington, August 7,
3789, was a law entitled "An act for the estab-
lishment and support of light-houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers." By this act it was
expressly provided,
" That ail the expenses which shall accrue from and after
the lo^h day of August, 1789, in the necessary support and
maintenance and repair of light-houses, beacons, buoys,
and public piers, shall be defrayed out of the Treasury of
the United States."
President Buchanan seems to have overlooked
the principle embodied in this bill, He cannot be
presumed to te wiser than President Washing-
ton. If President Buchanan would carefully read
the provisions of this bill, he would see that the
fathers of the Republic assumed jurisdiction not
only over " light-houses," but of beacons, buoys,
and public piers; and declared, in the act itself, that
it was " for the purpose of rendering the naviga-
tion safe and easy." If, under the power "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations and among
the States," the First Congress under the Consti-
tution could pass laws to pay for " public piers"
out of the Treasury of the United States, which
received the approval of Washington, is it not
clear that Congress now may pass laws to clear
out the channel of the St. Clair flats, or the over-
slaugh in the Hudson, to render the navigation
thereof safe and easy? There is no difference, in
principle, between the construction of a public
pier by the General Government, and the removal
of a bar in a lake or river. If there is power in
the Constitution for the one, there must be for the
other also.
But sir, if President Buchanan Will examine the
statutosa little further, he will find a more complete
refutation of his statement, " that for m&re than
thirty years after the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution,"money was not appropriated for these
purposes. Sir, on the 6th April, 1802, Thomas
Jefferson the great leadcrof the Democratic party,
and who was then violently opposed by the Fed-
eral party, (of which President Buchanan was
for a longtime a conspicuous member,) approved
a most important bill, entitled "An act for the
erection of light-houses, and for other purposes."
This bill contained eight sections, embracing six
objects of appropriation, extending along the sea-
coast from Massachusetts to Georgia. It was what
the President would now call a "log-rolling" bill.
The eighth section of that act is in these words:
"JlrJ be it further enpeted, That it shall be lawful for the
Secretary of the Treasury, under the direction of the Pres-
ident of the United States, to cause to be expended in repair-
ing and erecting public piers in the river Delaware, a sum
not exceeding $30,000, and that the same be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Here is the law in the second volume of the
Statutes at Large; and I regret exceedingly that
the President had not read it before asserting that
this power had not been " claimed nor cxercised"
for more than " thirty years" after the adoption
of the Constitution. Sir, not less than §1,921,000
has been expended on the Delaware breakwater,
which is referred to in the above bill, approved
by President Jefferson as early as 1802.
But, sir, these Statutes furnish still more con-
clusive proofs of the errors into which President
Buchanan has fallen in attempting to find pretexts
for vetoing the bill in question. On the 29th of
March, 1806, Mr. Jefferson approved a bill for
the commencement of the Cumberland road, pass-
ing westward from Cumberland, in the State of
Maryland, to Wheeling, in Virginia, and thence
west, through Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; and the
sum of $30,000 was then appropriated to com-
mence the work. Since that time, over five mil-
lion eight hundred thousand dollars have been
appropriated and expended on this work. This
was purely a work of "internal improvement"
within the States, and must have been commenced
by Mr. Jefferson, and prosecuted by succeeding
Administrations, under the powers conferred by
the Constitution, as they understood it.
On the 10th of February, 1807, the coast survey
was also commenced under the administration of
Mr. Jefferson. A bill was passed at that time,
and received his signature,appropriating $50,000
to commence the work. What was the o&jectof
this bill? it was for the express purpose of fa-
cilitating the commercial interests of the United
States, and the Government has continued its op-
erations down to the present time. Annual appro-
priations are made to sustain this department of
the public service.
It is most unfortunate for the President that he
did not examine more closely the public statutes
before asserting, m his veto message, that these
appropriations for internal improvements did not
commence until " after 1820." I have shown that
the power to make harbor and river appropria-
tions is deduced from the express grants contained
in the Constitution, above quoted; and the con-
current and continuous exercise of the power
from the commencement of the Government, with
the sanction of the people, as declaratory of the
sense in which the grant was understood by all
parties. The fact of such a practical construction
having been given is so clearly and summarily
stated by President Jackson, that I prefer to give
his own words, in his message to Congress, in
December, 1830:
" The practice of defraying, out of the Treasury of the
United States, the expenses incurred by the establishment
and support of light-houses, beacons, buoys, and public
piers within the bays, inlets, and harbors and ports of the
United States, to lender the navigation thereof safe and
easy, is coeval with the adoption of the Constitution, and
has continued without interruption or dispute."
Sir, you need not be told that your foreign and
domestic commerce are one and indissoluble; that
without exports you can have no importations,
and of course no revenues from imports. And yet
it is gravely maintained by the President that the
national arm is paralyzed, so that it cannot raise
a finger to remove a sand-bar, or dredge a chan-
nel, which would release annually millions upon
millions of the products of your soil, and float
them to every market of the world to purchase
these exchanges.
The objection that the grant of power "to regu-
late commerce" docs not authorize appropriations
merely to facilitate it—to render it more safe and
convenient—it is obvious applies to all kinds of
commerce equally, to that of foreign nations as
well as to that among the States. And it applies
also to every species and degree of facility. If you
may build one public pier, you may build two, and
clear the entrance of a harbor or river; if you may
survey your coasts to ascertain the sunken rocks
or shoals, and may erect a buoy or a light-house
to warn the mariner of those dangers, you may
remove the rocks themselves, or deepen the shoal
that causes the danger or that obstructs the pas-
sage. Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, and Van Buron, having all given
their sanction to this construction of the Consti-
tution, I regard it as equally well settled as the
President regards it finally determined that you
may build a "light-house."
I now come to the third branch of the Presi-
dent's veto, namely, his recommendation that,
with the consent of Congress, "tonnage duties"
be levied by the State of Michigan for completing
this channel over the St. Clair fiats. The Presi-
dent says:
" Whenever the State of Michigan shall cease to depend
on the Treasury of the United States, I doubt not that she,
in conjunction with ijpperCanada, will provide the neces-
sary means for keeping this work in repair in the least ex-
pensive and most effective manner, and without being bur-
densome to any interest."
This is the most objectionable of the many
objectionable propositions contained in the Presi-
dent's message. In the first place, the State of
Michigan is prohibited by the Constitution from
entering into any "treaty, alliance, or confedera-
tion" with Canada, or any other State; and, in the
next place, this proposition is illegal, and utterly
impracticable. It cannot be done without a vio-
lation of the ordinance of 1787; and the State of
Michigan cannot do it alone, for the reason that
these waters are "common highways," and free
for every State in the Union to navigate them with-
out paying any tonnage duty or toll therefor. Sir,
the State of Michigan has no more interest in this
matter than ten or twelve other States—not half
as much as New York—and has no exclusive ju-
risdiction over Lake St. Clair.
The President seems to have strangely forgot-
ten that an insuperable objection exists to the ex-
ercise of this power by the State of Michigan, of
levying tonnage duties upon the navigable waters
leading: into the St. Lawrence river. It arises from
the terms of the fourth article of "the articles of
compact between the original States and the people
and the States" in the territory which, in 1787,
constituted theterritoryof theUnitcd States north-
west of the Ohio. These articles are, perhaps, the
most sacred among the "engagements" entered
into before the adoption of the Constitution, whose
validity ^nd perpetual obligation are asserted and
secured by the sixth article of that instrument.
The fourth article of that compact provides thus:
" The navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence, and the carrying places between the same,
shall be common highways, and foreVter free to the inhab-
itants of the said terrritory, as to the citizens of the United
States, and those of any other States that may be admitted
into the Confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty
therefor."
This last word in the passage quoted, "there-
for," is very cmphatic.
These watersare declared "common highways,"
the characteristic quality of which is that they
may be used by all the people of the United States
i (not Michigan alone) without any charge; but,
j as if that wero not sufficient to preclude all cavil,
; 'it is further declared that there shall be no " tax,
j impost, or duty therefor"—for using them as
i common highways. By the comprehensive term
"navigable waters," are included not only the
lakes leading into the St. Lawrence, but the rivers
flowing into them, as well as the great rivers liko
the Red river and Ohio, leading into the Missis-
sippi, and the navigable waters flowing into those
rivers. These arc " forever free" from any tax or
tonnage duty for using them. 11 is therefore man-
ifestly impossible for any State, with or without
the consent of Congress, to levy any " duty of
tonnage" upon vessels navigating those waters,
for using them as common highways. Hence it .
will be seen that the President has entirely over-
looked this most essential provision contained in
the ordinance of 1787. On referring to the Chi-
cago memorial, I find an able exposition of this
subject, to which I refer for many facts and ar-
guments sustaining these positions.
The principle, itself, of local duties for any such
purpose, is unsound and delusive. Higher duties
of any kind, at one port, than at others, must
necessarily drive from it cveiy ship that is not
compelled by circumstances, or induced by some
preponderating benefit, to enter it. And conse-
quently, if a harbor is avoided on account of the
natural obstructions to its entrance, it will be still
more avoided if artificial difficulties and tonnage*
duties are superadded; so that the resources-of
such a port would be diminished instead of being
increased, and the policy would defeat itself. It
is believed that some ports of the United States
ha\c already furnished instances of such results.
The system of tonnage duties is utterly inap-
plicable for the removal of obstructions m navi-
