I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36tii Cong....1st Sess.
Lincoln and his Record—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps.
forthwith two old-time fence rails, decorated with fia^s and
sueamcrs, were home tlnough the crowd into the conven-
tion, bearing the inscription : 4 Abraham Lincoln, the lail
candidate for President in i860. Two rails from a tot of
three thousand made 1111830 by John Hanks and Abe Lin-
coln.'
••The effect was electrical. One spontaneous burst of
applause went up fiom all parts of the {wigwam.' Of coin so,
Mr. Lincoln was called outand made an explanation of the
matter. He stated that, some thirty years ago, then just
emigrating to the State, he stopped with his mother's fam-
ily, for one season, in what is now Macon county; that he
built a cabin, split rails, and cultivated a small farm down
on the Sangamon nvei, some six or eight miles from De-
catur. These, he was informed, were taken from that
fence ; but, whethei they were or not, he had mauled many,
and better ones, since he had giown to manhood.
" Fiom Macon county lie removed to a settlement called
New fc5alem, which was then in Sangamon, but now in
Menard county. It was at New Salem that Judge Douglas
eays he first knew Lincoln; and 1 cannot do better than to
read here an extiact lrom one of lus speeches,made in the
Illinois campaign in lb58, at Ottawa:
" c In the lemarks i have made on this platform, and the
position of Mr. Lincoln upon it, i mearuiothing per>onally
disrespectful oi unkind to that gentleman, i have known
inm for nearly twentj-fivc years There were many points
of sympathy between us when we first got acquainted. We
were both compaiatively boys, and both snuggling with
poverty in a strange land. I wa> a s-chool teachci in the
town of Winchester, and he a flourishing grocery-keeper in
the town of Salem. lie was moie Micce^ful in his occu-
pation than 1 was m mine, andlienee mote tortunate in this
woild's goods. Lincoln is one of those peculiar men who
perform with admiiahle skill eoeiythin° which they under-
take.'—Lincoln and Douglas Debates, p. 60.
<l The la^t sentence in the above extract i* worthy of
especial note. Such a compliment extoited fiom Iiis bit-
terest adversary has a greatly enhanced value. When Mr.
Lincoln shall have undei taken the administration ot the
Government of thi* great country, the people will agree
with Mr. Douglas that—
'•4 Lincoln is one of those peculiar men who perform with
admirable skill everything which they undertake.'
Again : Mr. Douglas, in a s-pce'eh in the Senate oi the
United States, Jaiiuatj i860, icfeis to Mr. Lincoln as
one ot ' the ublest and most clear-headed wen' of the Repub-
lican patty.
It may he pioper, however, here, to let the following re-
ply oi Mr. Lincoln be heard in regaid to Ins being a ' flour-
ishing grocery-keeper
"'The jud'-je is wofulty at fault about his eatly fiiend
Lincoln being a ''giece^-keepi'i*,'" 1 do not know as it
would be a gieat .sin, if i had been; but iie i-> nn-taken.
Lincoln lievei kept a groeeiy un\ whoie in the wuild It
is Hue that Lincoln did woik the latter pait ot one winter
in a little tall-house, up at the head of a hollow.'
"Now it is proposed, that as Lincoln spent a ' part of
one winter in a little sii/^-houi-e, up at the head of a hoi-
low,' lie shall spend the whole ot four winters, at least, in
alarge white house at the head ot Pennsylvania avenue."
There, Mr. Chairman, you have a full, glow-
ing, graphic, private history of Mr. Lincoln, in
the classic language of my colleague, who is his
special eulogist, and has known him for " twenty
years;" who has " practiced law with him;'5 svho
has been with him through all the thousand bat-
tles since 1840. And what is there in it to fit
him for President! bciul was chosen by the Is-
raelites as their njfler, not becausc he was skilled
in hunting asses,  3ut because the Lord had indi-
cated he was the proper man for them to select.
The Republicans, without any evidence that the
Lord had bestowed a special blessing upon them
in the person of " Uncle Abe," say he shall be
the ruler over this mighty Republic. And why?
My colleague gives the answer. Hear it. He
was born in Hardin county,Kentucky; removed
with his father to Spencer county, Indiana; lived
amid the "wild and romantic scenes of the bor-
der;" made his first advent into the " great world"
as a Jlat-boatmaUy and actually found his icay bach
home, after the cargo was disposed of, without a
guide; removed to Illinois; passed the first year
m Macon county; split, in one winter, with John
Hanks, three thousand rails; and besides, worked
at a still-house! On account of these " thrilling
incidents" and great feats, my colleague claims
the Republicans are going to put him into the
White House at the other end of the avenue!
The principal merit, however, set up for Mr.
Lincoln is, that, in conjunction with John Hanks,
his kinsman, he "split three thousand laiis."
Yes, that is the exact number; Mr. Lincoln re-
members it! "Well, suppose he did: what of it?
The first remark I have to make on the subject
is, that splitting three thousand rails is no great
job. 1 know something about cutting wood and
"splitting rails" myself, and I know that any
ordinary good workman can split one hundred
and fifty rails per day; so that, allowing " TJnclc
Abe" to have been a "fullhand"—andceitaiuly
his friends claim nothing less for him—he worked
at rail splitting just ten days, for which he is to
be idolized and made President. The next re-
mark I have to make is, it is claimed by the Re-
publicans that Mr. Lincoln was actually conde-
scending enough, before he became a " lawyer,"
to work! "Workingmen, what think you of this
reflection upon you? Suppose Mr. Lincoln did
once work at manual labor: why boast of it?
Millions of others as good as he is have done the
same; and although it is not stooping from the
proud position of God's nobility—no dishonor—
yet you are now insulted by the inference drawn
by the Republicans, that Mr. Lincoln is far above
you! If you pocket the insult, I am much de-
ceived.
But, Mr. Chairman, what I desire to notice
more particularly concerning the " rail splitting"
is this: my colleague says this portion of Mr. Lin-
coln 's history " gave rise to the incident in the late
Republican State convention, in Macon county,
which awakened the intensest and wildest enthu-
siasm." "John Hanks presented to the con-
vention two of the rails made by himself and Mr.
Lincoln. The effect was electrical. One spon-
taneous burst of applause went up from all parts
of the ' wigwam.'" So says my eloquent col-
league. " Two rails" brought down the house!
"Of course, Mr. Lincoln was called out, and made
an explanation of the matter." Of course he was.
He actually related the "stirring incident" that
he once helped to make some rails. How won-
derful! Nothing contrived in all this! It was,
" of course," purely an accident that John Hanks
was in town on the day of the convention; an
accident that he brought the "two iails"with
him; an accident that he asked to present them to
the convention; an accident that Mr. Lincoln was
there, and Jcneio nothing of what was going on;
an accident that ho was called on for a speech;
nothing/j/Tconcerfetf ,nothingc07Urtt?edin the whole
affair—all accident! Tell it to the marines! The
whole thing, as is clearly evident, was gotten up
by Mr. Lincoln himself, and deserves, as it has
iecei\ed, the scoff and contempt of the whole
country. Mr. Lincoln will find that " riding on
a rail" into office is a sore business.
what douglas says about lincoln.
My colleague next quotes from a speech of
Judge Douglas, at Ottawa, to prove the early
piety and personal good qualities of his favorite
candidate; and the extiact he gives from that
speech will be found in the one I have already
taken from his, and which has been read. He
seems to find m it, as also does his co-laborer m
the political vineyard, Mr. Greeley, great con-
solation; especially in the words which he takes
especial pains to italicise, that " Lincoln is one
of those peculiar men who perform with admira-
ble skill everything they undertake." My col-
league can see no irony, no sarcasm in this lan-
guage. Oh, no ! If he had been intending to deal
fairly, ho would have given all that Judge Doug-
las said on that occasion upon the point, and let
others judge of it; and not have suppressed, as ho
has, a par? of it. I will, Mr. Chairman, supply
the omission. Will the Cle:k be «ood enough to
read that part of Judge Douglas's speech which
I send up to him.
The Cletk read, as follows:
'• r have known lain [Lincoln] for nearly twenty-five
year--. Theie were many points of >\inpathy between us
when we lir-t got acquainted. Wo weie both eompara-
tivelv bov<, and both .struggling with povoitj in a strange
land. I was a school teacher in the town ot Wmchc^er,
and he a flomi>litugg'«cciy keeper in the towsi of Salem,
lie waj more sucee-^ful m his occupation than [ was m
mine, and hence more loitunate in tins uoild's goods.
Lincoln is one of tho-e peculiar men who peiform with
admnaldc -kill everything winch they ui.d< rtukr>. I mud!'
as jjood a ; < hool teaeh^i a-icoukl; and wix-n a cabinet
tnaki-r. I made good bedstead*? and tallies, although my old
boss s.iul 1 MRcet ded better w.th buteaus and sicictaries
than with aujtiui.g <!-c: buf 1 behe\ e that Lincoln wit.;
more pueee-vui m 'm-nic-s than I. lor his business ena-
bled hmi toget mtothi Legi-huure. I met bun there,how-
ever. and had a s-ymp.uhv l« r Sum, Ivc.m-c of the up-hill
struggle we had in Inc. lie was then just as good at tell-
ing an anecdote as now lie could boat at.\ of the boys
wie-tiin^, or runnhw a fooM-ice; in pitching' quoit-., or
to^iuy a copper; could mm mote liquor than all the boy&
ofthe'town tog->th"i ; and the dignity and tnipamahty with
which he pleaded at a hor-e-racc oi afist-Iiiiht, excited the
acimuation and won the p<ar-<. ol eveiy uno who wa pres-
. out and particip itcd."
! Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, it
is said that, morally, the suppression of a part
of a record is an offense equally atrocious
that of the falsification of a record. If this is true,
I am fearful that ray colleague, in his zeal to
plaster up the niches and corners in Mr. Linr
coin's character, has incurred great responsibility.
I have just given one instance of his want of fair-
ness, and shall hereafter refer to others. The
qualifications of Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency;,
as stated by Judge Trumbull, in-a speech he
made at a Republican ratification meeting held in
Philadelphia, are, in substance, the same as those
stated by my colleague; and when one of his owia
friends, tired and disgusted with the silly story
of the " rails" and the " still-house, "cried out and
desired to know something of his ability as a
statesman, the Judge quietly directed him to the
debates between him (Mr. Lincoln) and Mr.
Douglas. This constitutes the sum total of all
the evidence he could furnish.' He could point
to no one act, 110 record, no proud deed accom-
plished, but merely to the forensic efforts of o po-
litical debater. The question has been frequently
asked me, if I knew Mr. Lincoln, and what sort
of a man he was. I have already said, Mr. Chair-
man, that I know him. I will answer what kind
of a man I think he is. As a lawyer, he has
never been regarded in Illinois as among the first.
His proper position is. among the second rate.
As a debater, he is, perhaps, above mediocrity,
but by no means superior. His reasoning powers
are good, but he carries every idea out to the
utmost extent, and almost obscures it with a
superabundance of language. My colleague speaks
of lus success at the bar, yet tells us he is poor.
If he possessed that intuitive knowledge of the
law, and that ability aa an advocate claimed for
him, why has he not accumulated wealth? Such
lawyers generally do. No one ever thought him
great; and my colleague draws largely upon his
imagination when he speaks of his "intuitive
knowledge," sparkling genius, and masterly in-
tellect. His social qualities are good, and he can
be justly called a "clever fellow;" and it is in
this ligh't he has been almost invariably spoken
of. He cannot say
" I've no borrowed greatness,
'Th all my own
for until he came into contact with Judge Dotra-
las, he was comparatively unknown. A lucky
day it was for him when the star of Douglas
•shone upon him.
lincoln's black hawk war record.
Mr. Lincoln's Black Hawk war record is de-
lightfully bticf. My colleague sums it all up in
one short sentence. Here it is:
" The Black Hawk war having broken out, Mr. Lincoln
was among the ih&t to raise a company of volunteers for
that service, and he acquitted himself with credit."
What a history for one engaged in the military
scrvicc of his country !
lincoln's betrayal of henry clay.
Passing, Mr. Chairman, that portion of Mr.
Lincoln's life when he was a member of the Le-
gislature from the county of Sangamon as pos-
sessing nothing worthy of note, and also passing
over the 44 extraordinary9 * efforts spoken of by my
colleague as having been made in 1840 in favor of
" Tip and Ty" as barren of interest, (for nobody
ever heard of their amounting to anything until
since he has become a candidate for President,)
and also passing by his stump-speech efforts of
1844, in which year he was on the electoral ticket
i for Mr. Clay, and up to which time nothing had
occurred to attract public attention particularly to
him, I will dweli for a single moment upon his be-
trayal of Mr. Clay. At the house of his brother-
in-law m Spnngfield, the city of his residence, he
proposed to a large company of prominent Whig
gentlemen who were congregated there, to throw
Mr. Clay overboard and take up General Taylor.
] General'Singleton, a distinguished old-line Clay
> Whig of Illinois, who had followed the fortunes
I of his brave and gallant old leader through sun-
! shine and stoim, and who held his banner firmly
i grasped, condemned the scheme as iniquitous; yet
| it was finally consummated at Philadelphia, in a
I conclave in which Mr. Lincoln was master of
i ceremonies, and the Brutus who gave the final
