886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
gable waters which are common to several States,
and are navigated by vessels which do not enter
any harbor adjacent to such obstructions. The
St. Clair flats are a striking illustration of this
difficulty These vessels are under no necessity
to enter any port within hundreds of miles of this
obstruction. Where shall the tonnage duty be col-
lected ? And under whose direction is the amount
to be concentrated and expended? And what are
the responsibilities for the application by the col-
lecting States? Sir, supposing a collector's office
established on the shore near these obstructions,
! of payment. Foreign and inland commerce are tn-
I separable; the one cannot exist without the other.
; And as the sure foundation of our Government is
I in the interest and affections of the people, what
! more noble duty is devolved upon any .Adminis-
tration than that of completing what nature has
begun, and giving to our navigable waters their
full political power in binding together,"in com-
mercial and fraternal intercourse, all sections of
the Union ? Sir, New York has done her part in
this great work by surrendering to the national
Government the revenues derived from imports
reinforced by a battery with canjion sufficient to j in the commercial metropolis of the Union; and
compel the vessels to come to, and pay their duties, l! in the construction of the Erie canal, at an ex-
are these to be paid to the agents of the State of J pense to herself of over forty million dollars. You
Michigan, and to be expended by them under the < still collect the main part of your revenues at the
regulations of the State ? How long is it probable ! port of New York, where the greater part of this
such a system of exaction would be submitted to ;i foreign and inland commerce of the country con-
by the States of Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin,
Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New York, whose citi-
zens and vessels would be the subjects of this oper-
ation ?
The same question may be put in relation to
duties levied by any State bordering on the Mis-
sissippi, to remove the snags and other obstruc-
tions in that river, opposite their respective terri-
tories. The several States of Wisconsin, Iowa,
centrates. Sir, this presidential veto is unworthy
of the head of a great nation. It is an ungrateful
; blow at one of the streams that conveys untold
: millions into the Federal Treasury. It is a check
j to the prosperity of the great and growing North-
j west; and a usurpation that will not, I trust, be
long tolerated by a free and intelligent people.
] Sir, the Republican party is organizing to take
j possession of the Government, through the peace-
Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky,Tennessee, Arkan- j able agency of the ballot-box, and to administer
sas, Mississippi, and Louisiana, have jurisdic- , it more in sympathy with the peisonal rights and
tion over portions of that river, and it is presumed business interests of the people. The Republican
that in each of those portions there are obstruc- party, at the national convention, held at Phila-
tionsof some kind requiring removal. Aretonnage delphia in June, 1856, declared that appropria-
duties for those purposes to be levied by cach of : tions by Congress for the improvement of rivers
tjiose States? As their jurisdictions extend to | and harbors, of a national character, required for
the thread of the river, would there not be some
difficulty in adjusting the work to be performed
among the States opposite to the obstructions to
! the accommodation and security of existing com-
| mcrce, are authorized by the Constitution and j
]ustified by the obligations of Government to pro-
be removed? Sir, if the wit of man were taxed !l tect the lives and property of its citizens. These
to devise a scheme utterly destructive of all trade, !' are the principles and policy of the Republican
commerce, and navigation upon these waters, a | party on this great question.
better one for the purpose than this, of artificially " ' '
obstructing them by hosts of collcctors of ton-
nage duties imposed by local legislation, could
not be framed.
Sir, when the Democratic party was in full vigor
under General Jackson, and when Democracy
meant what its name imports, liberal appropna-
tions were made from the Treasury of the United
States to improve harbors, rivers, and the con-
struction and repair of roads. The official reports
show that during the different Administrations,
back to the administration of Mr. Jefferson, ap-
propriations were made as follows:
Under Mr. Jefferson  $78,400
Under Mr. Madison  250,800
Under Mr. Monroe  707.631
Under Mr. J. Q.. Adams  2,310,47a
Under General Jackson 10,582,882
Under Mr. Van lluren  2,22^544
Under Mr. Tyler '  1,076,300
This is exclusive of appropriations for the coast
survey, and for the cost and maintenance of light-
houses. °
Sir, the Democratic party has become sadly
degenerated and demoralized under the adminis-
trations of Messrs. Polk, Pierce, and Buchanan.
They have all opposed appropriations for rivers
and harbors. Whilst they have been willing to
expend millions to fillibustcr and extend the area
of slavery by acquiring new territory in Central
America, the purchase of Cuba at $100,000,000,
and in extravagant contracts for military opera-
tions in Utah, and naval expeditions to Paraguay,
not one dollar will they allow to be expended to
facilitate commercial intercourse, or to advance
the great material interests of the country. The
business men of the commercial, mining, manu-
facturing, and farming States, are becoming rest-
ive under the lead of modern Democracy. A
change is demanded in the policy of the Govern-
ment. Thejiational Government must be brought
back to the policy inaugurated by Washington
and Jefferson. The great industrial interests of
the country must not any longer be overlooked
Democratic misrule must be brought to a close,
and a new and better Administration inaugurated
m its stead.
Sir, more than eight hundred and fifty million
dollars of revenue has been collected at the port of
New York since the adoption of the Federal Con
Daniel Webster expressed the same opinion, in
| a most emphatic manner. He said, in one of his
i speeches:
| "lam of opinion that Congress does, eon?titutionallv,
I possess the power of establishing light-houses, buo}'s, be'a-
| cons, piers, breakwaters, and harbors, on the ocean, the
j gulf, the lakes, and navigable rivers ; that it does, eoii^u-
j tutionaily, possess the power of improving the great rivers
of the country, clearing out their channels by deepening
them oi removing otMiuetions, m order to render naviga-
tion upon them more safe for life and property : and that,
for the same reason, Congress may construct canals around
tails 111 rivers, m all necessary cases. All this authority, in
my opinion, flows fioin the power over commerce, for'enrn
and domestic, conferred on Congress by the Constitution ;
and if auxiliary considerations or eorioborative arguments
be requiied, they are tound in two facts, namely : first, that
impiovemcnts such a3 have been mentioned, whethei on
j the ocean or the gulf, on the lakes or the rivers, aie im-
| provements which, from their nature, are such as no single
; State, nor any number of States, can'makc, or ought to be
| called on to make. Ail idea of States undertaking Mich
improvements is, in my opinion, preposterous. And,lnlhe
I second place, aii tile revenues derived from commerce ac-
, erne to the General Government, and none of it to the
States: the charge of impioving the means of eommeiee
I! and commercial intercourse bv such works as have been
ji mentioned, properly devolves on the Treasury of that Gov-
, einment, and on that Treasury alone."
11 The question upon this issue can meet with but
j! one response from the people. This arbitrary
ji veto of the President will intensify the issue, and
|j arouse the people who are injured by it to a just
jj appreciation of the hostility'of modern Democ-
|l racy to internal commerce. They will demand a j
jj change in the administration of the Government. ,
]] The people of the great and growing Northwest '
: will rally at the next election with a determina- i
i tion before unknown, to rescue the country and ;
1 the Constitution from the ruinous, unjust, and :
i illiberal policy promulgated in this presidential ;
I manifesto.
j _ Mr. REAGAN resumed the iloor, but yielded 1
, it to Mr. Gartrell, who moved that the com- •
J mittee do rise. ;
The motion was agreed to. j
So the committee'rose; and the Speaker havin" i
resumed the chair, Mr. "Washburne, of Illinois' j
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the' ■
state of the Union had had under consideration a j
bill (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations for the i
payment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni- '
ted States for the year ending the 30th of June
ation the annual message of the President of the
United States, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question upon the two bills reported
from the Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to he put.
SAMCJBL F. IIAKUISOX.
| Mr, LOGAN, by unanimous consent, mlro-
I duced a bill for the relief of Samuel F. Harrison;
j which was read a first and second time, and re-
! ferred to the Committee on Military Afi'ciiis.
, WILLIAM M'CORMICK.
: Mr. LOGAN also, by unanimous consent, m-
i troduced a bill for the relief of "William McCor-
■ mick; which was read a first and second time,
! and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
; and Post Roads.
! W. Y. IIANBELL AND OTHERS,
i Mr. GARTRELL, by unanimous cons'-m, m-
| troduced a bill for the relief of W.Y. Hansell and
! W. H. Underwood, and the representatives of
| Samuel Rockwell; which was read a first and
j second time, and referred to the Committee on
, Indian Affairs.
| EUAN S. HAXSCOMB.
I Mr. ALDRICH, by unanimous consent, in-
j troduced a bill for the relief of Eban S. He.iib-
j comb; which was read a first and second nine,
| and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
J Mr. BINGHAM moved that the House ad-
:journ.
Mr. ELY. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
i will withdraw his motion for a moment, I wish
i to introduce a bill for reference.
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I buhe\e it
| was the implied understanding, when we went
j into committee, that no business should betvons-
i acted in the House after we came out of com-
] rnittee.
I _ Mr. FLORENCE. I see no objection to the
j introduction and reference of these'bills,
j Mr. ALDRICH. I hope gentlemen will be
t allowed to introduce their bills.
Mr. CARTER. I wish to introduce a Jjill for
the appointment of a committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I shall object to the intro-
duction of any resolution. That would be vio-
lating the understanding had when the House
went into committee.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at thirty-five minutes
past four o'clock,p.m.)adjourned until Monday
next.
UnuK!^ Thif^'h^dS !
from commerce. It is true, that this immense sum
has arisen from imposts on foreign importations-
but inland productions and trade furnish the means
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, and
had directed him to report the said bills to the
House with a recommendation that they do pass;
also, that tiiG committee had had under consider-
| IN SENATE.
| Monday. February 27, I860.
: Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gitrlet.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the ciiair.
i The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMOKIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of citizens
' of Cleveland, Ohio, praying the construction of a
harbor of1 refuge at the mouth of Grand river, on
1 Lake Michigan; which was referred to tiie Coui-
, rnittee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN. I present the lvmoiistranr- of
Jesse Moran, in behalf of Platte county. Mis-
souri, against.the passage of the bill leializmg
certain entries of land on Leavenworth Island, in
the Stale of Missouri, Ihat bill is now pending
before the Senate; and 1 move that the remon-
strance be laid on the table, and filed with the
papers pertaininc to that case.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ha\e a
letter from the Commissioner of Ind.an Ainur:-.
in relation to entries of land on Li asenwoi th
Island. It is on the same subject. As a bill 1ms
been reported, I ask to file the paper with that
bill.
Mr. GREEN. When the bill is taken up, I
shall move to recommit it.
The papers were laid on the table.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of A. L.
H. Cranshaw and others, praying the establish-
ment of mail routes to connect the region of tin;
