464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Lincoln and his Record—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
blow that laid his chieftain low; who gave the
mortal stab to the great leader of the Wlug party,
and cxpected, and, if I am correctly informed,
claimed, from General Taylor's administration the
'office of Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice for his services. There is no doubt of the
"fact that he cxpected to receive it. Instead of
being a modest, retiring gentleman, he has always
been an inveterate office seeker.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 want General Singleton
to speak for himself. I read from his published
remarks; and hear him! Mr. Lincoln has never
dared to deny a single word he uttered. Mark
well what he says. Let the Clerk read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Mr. Lincoln against Henry Clay.
" Mr. Lincoln was the first man in Illinois who proposed
to an organized body of Whigs to abandon Ilenry Olav, and
the principles of the Whig partv. In or about June, 1847,
the constitutional convention being in session, the Wing
mcmbeis of said convention wen; privately summoned to
appear at the house of Ninmn W. Edwards, m the city of
Springfield. The meeting being oigamzed, Mr. Lincoln
explained us object to be the selection of some other man
than IJenry Clay as the standard-bearer of the Whig paity
in the coming presidential contest. The name o( General
Taylor was proposed by Mr. Lincoln, and the necessity of
immediate action uiged, on the ground that if the Whigs
did not take Taylor for their candidate; the Demociuts
would. That the Whig party had fought long enough for
principle, and should change its motto "to succea. Resolu-
tions besng adopted by this meetingm aecoidance with tlio
views expressed by Mr. Lincoln, Charles H. Confutable and
myself immediately left the house.
" When the Whigconvention assembled m Philadelphia,
in 1846, Abiaham Lincoln united in all theschomesagain^t
Henry Clay, and contributed there and ckewhcie every
thing in Ins power to rob that great and good man of the
honors he had s^o richly earned by a long life of devot on to
his country and to his party.
" Mr. Lincoln even went so far as to try to prevent me
from taking a seat in the Philadelphia convention ; and
urged me to surrender my seat to Dr. ZabrisKie—Zabriskie
then being a citizen of New Jersey: and not of Illinois, bp
cause Zabrts-kie was for Taylor, and I was for Ilenry Clay
tor the Presidency.
u a member of Congress, Mr. Lincoln was actively
engaged, during the spring of 1848, in concocting schemes
for the defeat and overthrow of Ilenry Clay, and finally re-
joiced when be beheld the mangled remains of tbulgieut
patuotaiid statesman inhumanly butchered by those claim-
ing to foe his fuends.
After the election of General Tayloi, be ea^t his eyes
upon the Land Otliee, at Washington, soon to be disposed
ot by the PieMdent. The Whig party ot Illinois, claiming
that appointment, recommended Cyius Edwaids, of Madi-
son county, who was regarded by all in the party, and out
of it, with the highest veneration a* a gentleman, a scholar,
and a .-tateMnan. The recommendation of Cynia. Edwards
was forwarded to Mr. Lincoln, then a member of Congress,
who, instead of laying it before the Piesident, kept it in his
pocket, and pretended that he was the only man that could
keep Justin Butterfield from receiving the appointment.
When the Whig party learned the game Lincoln had plajed
on their old and true fiiend, Mr Edwards, instead ot help-
ing him to delear Kutieitickl, they, in the town of Spring-
iirld, adimm^teied to Lincoln a most severe rebuke by
going for Hdtteifield instead of foi Lincoln. From that
time until within a year or two pa>t, Mr. Lincoln has been
compelled to remain in ictiremem."
lincoln's stationery account.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. X approach now,
Mr. Chairman, the first important event m the
life of Mr. Lincoln. In August, 1S4G, he was
elected to Congress from the Springfield district,
and took his seat as a member of this House m
December, 1847. Perhaps i might as well here,
as at any other place, refer to the allegation made
against him that he had two or three pair of boots
charged m Ins stationery account. I certainly
should never have alluded to it if his own friends
had not thought it sufficiently important to con-
tradict it by the certificate of the Clerk of the
House. Seeing this, I requested one of the ap-
pointees of the Clerk to furnish me with a copy of
Mr. Lincoln's account, that I might know exactly
what was in it. He promised to do so, and went
to the post office of the House, and obtained
thercfiom the book in which Said account was
.kept, and had just commenced copying it as I
stepped into his room. A momentafierwards, the
House postmaster came in, in a violent rage, de-
manding the book, and snatching it up, reflected
upon Mr. Buck, the gentleman to whom 1 refer,
for taking it out of his office without his permis-
sion-, and afterwards boasted of the manner he
had repossessed himself of it. I demanded of this
postmaster a copy of the account, but he has never
furnished it. Before the book was closed, I hastily
looked over it, and am frank to sny I saw no
boots charged; but 1 did see charged an order
given to Galt& Brother, jewelers, of Washing-
ton, for about—and I think exactly—ten dollars
and twelve cents. I also saw charged another
order given to Bastanielli, who I am told kept a
perfbmc and fancy store in Washington, for about
eleven dollars and forty-two cents; and two or
three other small orders of a similar character. I
do not know, nor do I pretend to say, there was
or is anything wrong m these orders; but they
are certainly as bad as a charge would have been
for boots. I state the facts, and let others draw
conclusions.
It is, perhaps, unnecessary forme to add that the*
postmaster of the House is the personal and po-
litical friend of Mr. Lincoln, and an old acquaint-
ance of his. I regret that he should have been so
sensitive upon the matter of the record, as I should
have liked to examine it further.
lincoln's election record.
I was remarking, Mr. Chairman, when I di-
gressed, that in 3846 Mr. Lincoln was elected to
Congress. Of that election, his vote, and the sub-
sequent votes given in the district, Mr. Greeley,
in the Tnbune, says:
j '• .Mr. Lincoln was a candidate for Congress (FIousc) in
j 18-1G, and was the only Whig (out of seven) elected (iom
the State. Iils majority was 1,511—the largest, wo are con-
fident, ever given in that district to any candidate opposed
to what is called Democracy. It is much larger than any
other of which we have a record. The same di^trictgave
| Mr. Clay butliM majouty in 1844, and General Taylot but
i 1,501 majority on a va-tly heavier vote in 1848. General
| Ta\ lot's vote was sweiltul b> the great number of volun-
teers leading in the di^tnet who had served under lum in
the Mexican war. Mr. Logan (Whig) was beaten lor Con-
gress this year—Colonel llams (Democrat) carrying the
district by 106 majouty over him. And in 1850 Mi. Yates
(now Republican candidate tor Governor) only won it hack
by 734 majority-—not half that cast in 1846 for Mr. Lin-
coln. "
Sir, Mr. Greeley's record proves too much for
him. He tells us that Mr. Lincoln carried his
district by 1,511 majority—five more majority
than was given to General Taylor in 1848; that
at the next congressional election Major Tlumias
L. Harris beat Judge Logan 106 votes; ani-^i>
Yates, in two years thereafter, only gained the'
district back to the Whig banner by 754 major-
ity. The inquiry naturally arises, why Mr. Lin-
coln was not run for a second term; why Judge
Logan was taken as a candidate in his placer
Unless a member does something here to render
him pretty generally odious, he is always re-
elected. Mr." Lincoln had majority enough in his
district, in ail conscience—for it is now boasted it
was 1,511; yet one term in Congress sunk him so
low that his own party, though strong in the dis-
trict, did not think of him for a reelection. Not
only this, he carried his district down with him,
and overwhelmed Judge Logan, a much abler law-
yer and long the leader of his party in the State
and in the Legislature, with defeat. Yates par-
tially rallied the district again in 1850, and, by the
disaffection of some Democrats, beat Major Har-
ris; but such was the influence of Mr. Lincoln's
course upon it, such was its baneful effects upon
his party, that it leelcd and staggeied and main-
tained a nominal position in the Whig lines for a
little while only, and then fell into the embracc of
Democratic arms, where it has ever since re-
mained, and where it will remain in security.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is some reason why
this district, this Gibraltar of Whigery in Illi-
nois, gave way. There is some reason why Lin-
coln was not run as a candidate for reelection. I
wish my colleague, I wish Mr. Greeley, had en-
lightened us on this point; but both are as silent
as the giave upon it. I will try, however, to fur-
nish them with a solution of the matter. It will
be found in
lincoln's mexican war record.
He seems to have taken his seat in Congress
impressed with the belief that his own Govern-
ment was all wrong and Mexico all right. The
President, in his message to Congress of the 11th
of May, 1846, asserts that the Mexican Govern-
ment had refused to leceive the envoy of the Uni-
ted States; and, after long-continued menaces, had
at last invaded our territory, and shed the blood
of our citizens. In his annual message of De-
cember 8, 1846, he again says that we had ample
cause of war against Mexico long before the
breaking out of hostilities, but even then we for-
bore to take redress until Mexico became the ag-
gressor, by invading our soil and shedding the
blood of our citizens. And again, in his message
of December 7,1847, he says Mexico refused even
to hear the terms of adjustment; and, under wholly
unjustifiable pretexts, involved the two countries
in war by invading the territory of Texas and
striking the first blow. Congress had also de-
clared the war to exist " by the act of Mexico,"
and that it was our duty to defend the rights and
honor of the nation. Still Mr. Lincoln was not
satisfied! He could not be consoled ! Although
he saw both lines of our gallant army moving on
from victory to victory, and our arms covered
with imperishable glory, he could not be recon-
ciled ! In sixteen days after he took his seat in
Congress he offered the resolution which I send
up, and ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Whereas the President of the United States, m his mes-
age of May 11, 1846, lias declared that6 the Mexican Gov-
ernment not only refused to receive him, (the envoy of the
United States.) or listen to his propositions, but, after a
long continued series of menaces, have at la&t invaded our
ten itory, and shed the blood of our fellow-citi/ens on our
own soil.' And again, in his message of December 8, 1846,
that * we had ample cause of war against Mexico long be-
fore the breaking out of hostilities ; but even then wo for-
bore to take redress into our own hands until Mexico her-
self became the aggressor by invading our soil m hostile
ariay, and shedding the blood of our best citizens.' And
yet again, in his message of December 7, 1S47, 4 that the
Mexican Government refused even to hear the terms of
adjustment which he (our minister of peace) was author-
ized to propo e ; and finally, under wholly unjustifiable
pretexts, involved the two countries in war, b> invading
the State of Texas, striking the first blow, and shedding the
blood of our citizens on our own soil.' And whereas, this
House is desirous to obtain a full knowledge oi all the facts
which goto establish whether the particular spot on which
the blood of our citizens was so shed was or was not at
that time our own soil: Theiefore,
"Resolvedbythe House of Representatives} That the Pres-
ident of the United States be respectfully requested to in-
form this House—1. Whether the spot on which the blood
of our citizens was shed, as in his message declared, was
or was not within the tkrritory of Spain, at least after
the treaty of 1819 until the Mexican revolution ? 2. Whether
that spot is or is not within the teintory which was wrested
from Spain by the revolutionary government of Mexico?
3. Whether that spot is or is not within a settlement of
people, which settlement has existed evei s-mce long be-
tore the Texas tevolution,and until its inhabitants-tied be-
fore the approjich of the United States Anny? 4 Whether
that settlement is or is not isolated Horn any and all other
settlements by the Gulf and the Kio Grande on the south
and vve.-t, and by wide, uninhabited legiouson the noith
and east? 5. Whether the people of that settlement, or a
majority of them, or any of them, have ever submitted
themselves to the government and laws of Texas, or ot the
United States,by consent or compulsion, either by accept-
ing office or voting at elections, or paying tax or serving on
juries, or having process served upon them, or m any other
way ? 6. Whether the people of that settlement didor did
nottlee from the approach of the United States Army, leav-
ing unprotected their houses and their growing ciops be-
foie the blood was shed, as in the menage stated; and
whether the fin- t blood so shed was or was not shod within
the inclosure of one of the people who had thu^ tied from
it? 7. Whether our citizens, whose blood was shed, as in
his message declared, weie or were not, at that time, armed
officers and soldiers, sent into the settlement by the mil-
itary oider ot the President through the Secretary of War?
b. Whether the military t'oree of the United States wasor
waa not so sent into that settlement, aftei Gencial Taylor
had more than once intimated to the War Department that,
in his opinion, no such movement was necessary to the
defense or protection of Texas."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That resolution,
sir, prefixed to Mr. Lincoln's name in Illinois,
the word "spot;" and he is called there "Spot
Lincoln " unto this day. There is one striking
coincidence between it and the telegraph dispatch
sent by General Lane to the Oregon delegate in
the Charleston convention. Mr. Lincoln uses
the word " spot" four times, and General Lank
uses the word " stand " ju at four times in his dis-
patch. There is something significant in the
number.
What became of Mr. Lincoln's resolution is
well known. The House treated it with con-
tempt, and it sleeps the sleep that knows no wak-
ing-
While, sir, our heroic arms were being borne
over hostile territory, and the stars and stripes
were floating in triumph over every battle-field;
while the Illinois regiments, led on by their brave
and patriotic officers, were reaping laurels for them-
selves and their State, Mr. Lincoln was moping
about on the territory between the Nueces and
the Rio Grande, to see if he could not find the
