I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Lincoln mid Ms Record—Mr. Morris.
Ho. OF Ke©3.
exact " spot" where hostilities commenccd, and
demonstrate that it belonged to Mexico, and as a
conseq uence that his Govern men t was the aggress-
or! Sir, 1 have no feelings of toleration for an
American citizen who is not for his country; and
I rejoice that Mr. Lincoln's constituents repudi-
ated him and vindicated their patriotism. I can-
not, in my imagination, compare him so well to
any other than the notable individual described
by Patrick Henry, who went about in the Amer-
ican camp during the Revolution, crying "beef!"
" beef!" "beef!" while others were driving from
our shores a hostile foe. Mr. Lincoln went about
crying " spot!" "spot!" "spot!" The resolu-
tion, as -well as nearly the whole of Mr. Lincoln's
record on the Mexican war question, my col-
league carefully suppressed. He is very much
like a certain preacher I once heard of, who took
for his text the words, " If sinners entice thee,
consent thou not;" and read, " if sinners entice
thee, consent thou," and then he stopped. The
old deacon reminded him that he had omitted
to read the word " not." He answered he never
read any more than suited him. My colleague
might answer likewise that he never reads any
more than suits him. It would be to him no agree-
able task to give Mr. Lincoln's entire record—to
be forced to prove that the "spots" on which the
battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma were
fought belonged to Mexico; and hence, as I have
said, he never referred to Mr, Lincoln's " spot"
resolution. Indeed, he passed over his entire
Mexican war record with great rapidity, and said
as little about it as possible. The subject is an
unpleasant one to him; yet I hope he will pardon
me if I pursue it farther. Pitt, I believe it was,
once said something should bo pardoned to the
spirit of liberty; anditcan, with equal propriety,
be said that something should be pardoned to the
spirit of inquiry.
On the 3d day of January, 1848, Mr. Houston,
then a member of this House from the State of
Delaware, introduced the following resolution:
tC Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
tlie thanks of Congress aie due, and they arc hereby ten-
dered, to Majot General Zachary Taylor, and through him
to the officers and soldiers of the regular Army, and of the
volunteers under his command, fortheii indomitable valor,
skill, and good conduct conspicuously displayed on the22d
and 23d days of February last, in the battle of Buena Vista,
in defeating a numerous Mexican army, consisting of four
times their number, and composed of chosen troops, under
their favorite commander, General Santa Anna, andtheieby
obtaining a victory over the enemy, which, for its signal and
brilliant character, is unsurpassed m the militaiy annals of
the world.
"Resolved; That the President of the United States be
lequested to cause to be stiuek a gold medal, with devices
emblematical ot this splendid achievement, and presented
to Major Gcneial Taylor, as a testimony of the high sense
entertained by Congress of his judicious and distinguished
conduct on that memorable occasion.
" Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States be
requested to cause the foregoing resolutions to be commu-
nicated to Major Geneial Taylorm such mannerashemay
deem best calculated to effect the objects thereof."
Mr. Evans, of Maryland, moved the following
as an amendment to the resolutions of Mr. Hous-
ton:
<k Resolved, That the capitulation of Monterey meets
with the entire sanction and approbation of this Congress j
and that the teims of said capitulation were as creditable'*1
to the humanity and skill of the gallant Taylor as the
achievement of the victoiy of Monterey was glorious to
otir aims."
Mr. Henley moved to add to said resolution
the words "engaged, as they were, in defending
the rights and nonor of the nation."
Mr. Ashmun,of Massachusetts, thesame, I be-
lieve, who was the president of the late Republi-
can convention, held at Chicago, which put Mr.
Lincoln in nomination, offered an amendment to
Mr. Henley's amendment to Mr. Evans's resolu-
tion, m these words:
44 In a war unnecessarily and unconstitutionally
commenced by tzie president of the united states.''
For this amendment Mr. Lincoln voted. The
fact is admitted by my colleague; but he pleads,
in extenuation of the vote, that others who are
now acting with the Democratic party voted like-
wise. If it is so, that is no excuse for Mr. Lin-
coln. Resides, the individuals referred to long
since confessed their error. Mr. Lincoln has
made no such confession. He stands just where
he did, now, as then, in hostility to his country.
New Series—No. 30.
He stands just where he did, side by side with
CoitwiN, welcoming our troops, " with bloody
hands, to hospitable graves."
Desirous of wiping out, as far as possible, this
foul record made by Mr. Ashmun's amendment,
or, if not that entirely, to break its moral force,
Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, proposed a res-
olution in these words, which Mr. Lincoln voted
to lay on the table:
" Resolved, That the words of the amendment offered
and adopted by the House to the resolution of thanks to
Major General Taylor on the 3d of January, 1848, contain-
ing the word*, ' that the war [meaning with Mexico] was
unnecessarily and unconstitutionally begun by the Presi-
dent,' is untrue in fact and calculated to prevent a peace
with Mexico on the basis of indemnity, and should be re-
scinded."
Mr. Lincoln also voted against the resolution
of Mr. Chase, of Tennessee, which I will read:
" Resolved, That it is inexpedient to order our troops to
retreat from the positions which they have so gallantly won
in Mexico, for the purpose of falling back on a defensive
line."
He also voted against allowing Mr. Chase the
privilege of introducing other resolutions, which
I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
hereby tendered,toBrigadierGeneralD. E.Twiggs, Brevet
Major General W. J. Worth, Major General G.J. Pillow,
and Brigadier General James fields, and through them to
the offieeis and soldiers of the regular and volunteer corps
under their command, for their gallantry and militaiy skill
displayed at the siege and capture of Vera Cruz and the
castle of San Juan de Uloa, March, J847; at tne stoiming
of Cerro Gordo, April, 1847; at the despei ate battles ofCon-
treras, San Antonio, and Churubusco, August, 1847; and
at the sanguinary engagements before"ihe City of Mexico.
September, 1847. That the thanks of Congiess are hereby
tendered to Major General R. Patterson, and through him
to the officers and soldiers under his command, foi their gal-
lant beating at the siege of Veia Ciuz, and at the capture
of the castle of San Juan de Uloa, and at the victoiy in
Cerio Goido, in March and April, 1847. That the thanks
of Congtess are due, and arc hereby tendeied, to Major
Gcneial John A. Quitman, and through him to the officers
and men undei his command, for their heroism and good
conduct at the fall of Veia Cruz and the suong castle of
San Juan de Uloa, and at the splendid victoues achieved
by our aims in the valley of Mexico, m August and Sep-
tember, 1847. That the thanks of Congress aie due, and are
hereby tendered, to Brigadier Generals Fiankhn Pierce,
Persifer P, Smith, and George Cadwalader, and through
them to the officers and men under their command, for the
military skill and good conduct exhibited by them at the
splendid victories obtained by our Atmy in the valley and
befbre the City of Mexico, in August and September, 1847.
" Resolved, That these victories following each other in
quick succession, and wrung from the enemy under all cir-
cumstances, create a doubt which to admire the most, the
skill and gallantry of the commanders, or the indomitable
courage of the soldiers, which prompted this band ot he-
loes to pi ess forward into the heart of the enemy's country,
overcoming every obstacle, seatteringthe armies of Mexico
as the chaff before the wind, until the most signal triumphs
are ciowned by the possession of the far-famed 'Halls of
the Montezumas.'
" Resolved. That the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, requested to cause to be stiuck eight gold
medals, with devices emblematic of the series of brilliant
victories achieved by the Armv,and that one be presented
to each of the generals named in these lesolutionsasates-
timony of the high sense entertained by Congress of their
skill and good conduct in the brilliant campaign of 1847.
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate these resolutions to the generals
specified in the foregoing resolutions, in such terms as he
may deem best calculated to give effect to the object there-
of, and that he be requested to cause an oider to be issued
and lead at the head ofthe several corp^ of the Aimy."
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I
will not pursue Mr. Lincoln's Mexican war rec-
ord further. I turn from it with mingled feelings
of pity and indignation. Not satisfied with his
votes, he enforced them by an offensive speech,
which will stand as an enduring monument to per-
petuate his hostility to his own Government. I
have no patience, i can have no sympathy, with
a public officer who will openly give "aid and
comfort'' to the enemy. Mr. Greeley, in the
Tribune of the 21st of May, speaks of Mr. Lin-
coln as "an opponent of the war with Mexico,
and the builder of the original Republican plat
form.
During the second session of the Thirtieth Con-
gress Mr. Lincoln seems to have subsided. He
remained silent and demure. His name hardly
appears. The course he pursued at the first ses-
sion rendered him so generally odious that he
seems to have courted obscurity. Nothing more
is heard of him for several years, or until lie sup-
poses the past has been forgotten, and then he
turns up as a candidate for the Senate, Trum-
bull beats him. He Bext tries his hand*upon
Douglas. Douglas beats him*, andas the"gre&t'
rejected," he is taken up by the Republicans for' %
President—the vertfablte, living " Uncle Abe" is
taken up. Alas! for the better days of the Re-
public! Shades of ClayandWebsteriand Wright
and Benton,protect us!
the popular vote op illinois.
To extend Mr. Lincoln's reputation, the^truth
of history is falsified. Judge Trumbull in his
Philadelphia speech of May, 27, claims that he
received a majority of the popular vote of Illinois
in 1858, and that he lost his election by the unequal
districting of the State. At the ratification meet-
ing in this city Mr. Trumbull is reported thus: „v
" Mr. Trumbull then explained that, in the 111 inois con-
test of 1858, while Douglas carried the Legislature, Lin-
coln had the popular vote by four thousand majority."
My colleague, [Mr. Washburne,] in his late
speech, says:
" The result of that contest is known. The Republican
State ticket was triumphantly elected. Mr. Lincoln tri-
umphed by the popular voice. The candidates for the Legis-
lature friendly to Mi. Lincoln received more votes than the
candidates friendly to Judge Douglas ; and Lincoln was
only defeated for Senator by an iniquitous and unjust ap-
portionment, which stifled the voice of the majority. The
entire vote tor the Lincoln candidates for the Legislature
was 125,375 ; the entire vote for the Douglas candidates
for the Legislature was 321,190—Lincoln leading Douglas
m the popular vote 4,185."
Hon. F. P. Blair, on the 23d of May, at St.
Louis, said:
" We shall cheerfully, and with one accord, follow the
chosen standard-bearer of the Republican party. We have
inherited our principles from the founders of the Republic;
and I deshe to see inscribed upon our standard that great
sentiment of a great man when he said: 4I trust the
time will come when this nation will be a. confed-
eracy of free States.' Abraham Lincoln has reeehoed
that sentiment in his great debate in Illinois last year, when
he defeated the Little Giant by the popular vote of the State,
but was cheated outof his election. Abraham Lincoluhad
five thousand majority over the Little Giant, but was de-
frauded out of his election—defrauded by an unjust appor-
tionment, which gave to the minority ofthe people of Illi-
nois the power justly belonging to the majority."
All these and similar statements are doubtless
based upon one put forth by the Chicago Press
and Tribune, and prove how ready certain gen-
tlemen are to seize upon anything to support their
cause. The Press used the following words and
figures, and they have only been reeehoed by
Trumbull, Wasiiburne, Blair, and others:
" We need not refer to the great campaign of 1S58. so
fresh in the recollection of all readers, further than to sub-
join the result ot the vote on members of the Legislature, to
wit:
For Abraham Lincoln 125,275
For Stephen A. Douglas 121,190
" By reason, however, of the flagiant apportionment of
the State in legislative districts, by which a majority of the
members are always elected by a minority of the people,
Mr. Douglas was, as is well known, returned to the Sen-
ate."
Now, Mr. Chairman, having presented the
Republican side ofthe case,-1 claim the privilege
of saying a word or so in reply. It is charged,
with an unblushing cheek, that Mr. Lincoln was
cheated out of his election by an unfair appor-
tionment. Mark you, sir, how truth's simple
story will put to flight groundless assertions. I
avail myself of a tabic prepared by the talented
and accurate editor of the Chicago Times ; and it
will be found, on examination, correct. Listen
to it; for it utterly dispels the sophistry and mis-
representations of the Republican speakers. I
might add, the apportionment was made before
Mr. Lincoln was thought of for the Senate, and,
of course, could have had no reference to him;
and hence, why talk of its unfairness?
Population of the counties giving Democratic majori-
ties 661,537
Population of counties giving Republican majori-
ties .* 615,039
In cach of the remaining counties the com-
bined Democratic vote exceeded the Republican
vote.
Population of lepresentattve districts giving Democratic
majorities         609,205
Population of districts in which Democratic and
Danite vote exceeded Republican...,  59,827
689,032
Population of districts giving Republican majori-
ties   637,f 44
Excess of population in Democratic districts...... 31,485
