1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
gold fields of Western Kansas with the great
overland mail toutes from St. Joseph, Missouri,
to California, and from Independence, Missouri,
to Santa Fe, in New Mexico, namely: from Den-
ver City to Cottonwood Springs, near the Forks
of the Platte; from Pawnee Fork to Colorado
City; and from Fort Smith, Arkansas, via Fort
Gibson, to Pawnee Fork; which was referred ttf'
the Committee on the Post Office aed Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the petition of
Mary B. Hook, widow of the late Colonel James
H. Hook, of the United States Army, praying a
pension for services rendered by him to the Gov-
ernment; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Mexico, m favof of the organiza-
tion of a Territorial Government for Arizona;
which were referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying the enactment of a law
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812, and to the widows of those deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a communication from Sam-
uel F. Dunlap, in relation to a charter granted to
citizens of the United States by the Government
of Nicaragua, giving them the exclusive right to
navigate by steam all the waters in that country;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. SEWARD. I also present the petition of .
Herkimer Sternberg, who states that he has made j
an important and valuable discovery in physical 1
science, comprising, among other things, the lm- j
portant fact that the nervous system is not formed !
directly from the blood, but from the glandular
secretions; which discovery will be of great value
to the people of the United States and to man-
kind; and he proposes to release it to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and assign it for the
benefit of the Government, on condition that they
will authorize him to construct a Pacific railroacf.
I do not know what is the proper committee for
it at present; and I therefore move that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER piesented the petition of
Plulctus Birch, praying to be allowed a pension
from the time of his discharge to the time his name
was placed on thepension roll; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of masters, pilots,
owners of vessels, and others, navigating Lake
Superior, praying the erection of two light-houses
upon the entrance to Grand Island bay and har-
bor, and that buoys maybe placed upon the bars
and shoals; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented two memorials of citizens of
Michigan, praying the construction of a harbor
of refuge at the mouth of Grand river, on Lake
Michigan; which were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of inhabitants of
Si. Catharine's, in the Province of Canada West,
p-aying the construction of a harbor of refuge at
the mouth of Grand river, on Lake Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
'•lerce.
Mr. HALE. X ask leave to present the peti-
tion of F. B. Sanborn, of Concord, Massachu-
setts, remonstraUngagainst the action of the Sen-
ate in ordering his arrest, and praying the Senate
to rescind that order as having been improperly
and illegally issued. I entirely concur with the
prayer of the petition; but as the Senate, notwith-
standing all the light that was shed upon the sub-
ject, passed the vote by a very large majority, I
shall despair of inducing them, at this time, to
retrace their stops;and I move that the petition be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of property-
holders in the city of Washington, praying the
enactment of a law to remunerate the owners of
property for damages sustained, or which may be
sustained, in the execution of the act of Congress J!
fortherevision of thegradesof avenuesand streets ij
in that city; which wasrefeitvd to the Committee i|
on the District of Columbia. I]
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial !;
of the heirs of General Daniel Morgan, praying !!
to be allowed the amount of depreciation on the
commutation received by their ancestor; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition of citizens of
Valousia county, Florida, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from valousia to a point on
Halifax river, known as Shady Grove, to em-
brace Haw Creek and Tomokee, distance fifty
miles; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
Oswego, New York, praying the construction of
a harbor of refuge at the mouth of Grand river, on
Lake Michigan; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BINGHAM presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying Congress to pass a law
to prevent all further traffic in and monopoly of
the public lands, and that they be laid out in farms
or lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of C. B.
Baker, praying an allowance for subsistence while
employed in the coast survey on the Gulf of Mex-
ico and adjacent regions; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 178) to pro-
vide for the construction of a marine hospital in
Apalachicola, Florida, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the same committee*, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 181) to provide for
the construction of a custom-house in Apalachi-
cola, in the State of Florida, reported it without
amendment, and submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred resolutions of the City Council
of Newport, Rhode Island, in favor of the erec-
tion of a marine hospital on Rose Island, or some
other suitable place in the harbor of that city,
submitted an adverse report.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
whom was referred a message of the President of
the United States, communicating a copy of a
letter from the charge d'affaires ad interim of the
United States in China, and of the regulations for
consular courts which accompanied it, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, as
no legislation on the subject was required; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
memorial of A. T. Spencer and G. S. Hubbard,
of Chicago, Illinois, praying compensation for ser-
vice performed in carrying the mails on their line
of steamers, between Chicago and the ports on
Lake Superior, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 221) for the relief of A. T.
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of John
W. Eastman, praying to be allowed a pension on
account of disease contracted in the naval ser-
vice, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Fcatherston,
widow of John Featherston, late a boatswain in
the Navy, praying to be allowed a pension, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
222) for the relief of Mary Featherston, widow
of John Featherston. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas W. Brown-
ing and others, praying that land may be granted
to the heirs of those who served in the Indian
wars, or in that of 1812, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it he re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of J. J. Lints,
praying compensation for his services as cus-
todian of the public property connected with the
improvements of the harbor at Erie, Pennsylva-
nia, submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S 
No. m) for the relief of J. J. Lints. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of William Nason and others, legal rep-
resentatives of John Loid, praying to be allowed
the pay due the said Lord for "pay as a mariner on
board the Ranger in the revolutionary war, with
interest thereon, f^ibmitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 224^ for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of the late Abigail Nason, sister and dev-
isee of John Lord, deceased. The bill wgs read,
and passed to a second reading;* and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Annie
D. Reeves, widow of the Ja'te Captain J. S. K.
Reeves, of the Army, praying a pension, submit-
ted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 225)
for the relief of Annie D. Reeves. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the papers in support of the claim of Jane
Perry, widow of Commodore M. C. Perry, to a
pension, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
220) for the relief of James Crooks, survivor of
himself and William Crooks; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WILSON ^ave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill reducing the rates of
compensation for printing twenty-five per cent.
MESSAGE "FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
Mouse had ordered the printing of the following
documents on the 24th of February, at twelve
o'clock and thirty minutes:
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of California, asking the segregation of the swamp
lands in that State;
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Califor-
nia, asking for the establishment of a mail rout i
between Murphy's, California, and Genoa, in
Utah Territory;
Joint resolutions of the. Legislature of Califor-
nia, asking for the establishment of a mail .route
from Tehama to Ukiah; and
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of Califor-
nia, relative to the establishment of an overland
mail from the Mississippi river to that State.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending the 30th
June, 1861; and
All act (H. R. No. 5) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy forthe year
ending the 30th June, I^GL
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the above bills
were read twice by their titles, and refcrredto the
Committee on Finance.
OBSTRUCTIONS OS" STREETS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, ThattheSecretaryofthe Interior he requested
to furnish the Senate with copies ot any correspondence
that may be on tilt* in hif* Department tn relation to ob-
structions of streets avenues, and public rwfccrvations m
the city of Washington.
POSTMASTER GENERALS REPORT.
On motion of Mr. HALE, that there be printed
five thousand additional copies of the report of the
Postmaster General, shewing the amount of post-
age received in each State and Territory, annually,
since 1840,
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
