466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
36th"Cong.... 1st Suss.
Lincoln and his Record—Mr. Morris.
Ho. op Reps.
In 1857 and 1859 the Democratic members of the
Legislature proposed to district the State anew;
but, in the first instance, the Republican Governor
vetoed the bill; and in the last, the Republican
members ran away, leaving both branches with-
out a quorum; preferring to elect, and thinking
they stood the best chance under the old appor-
tionment. How utterly untrue, then, is it that
Mr. Lincoln was defeated in the senatorial con-
test with Judge Douglas, because, as is alleged,
of an "unfair"apportionment? The assertion is
equally unfounded that Mr. Lincoln, in that con-
test, received a majority of the popular vote of
the State. As the people did not and could not
vote directly for either, it cannot, of course, ever
be told with accuracy how the relative vote would
have stood; but no one, at all conversant with the
facts, for a moment doubts that Judge Douglas
is much stronger with the masses than either of
the candidates on the Democratic State ticket, or
than any other individual in Illinois.
But, testing the matter by the vote on the State
ticket, Mr. Lincoln is in the minority, and not in
the majority, as claimed by his friends. Let
figures speak:
Average vote for the Republican ticket 124.993
Average vote for the Democratic ticket 122^0X1
Aveiage vote for the Administration ticket  5,123
Average of total Democratic vote 127,133
Aveiagu of total Republican vote 124,993
democratic majority  2,140
So that the Republicans and Mr. Lincoln, in-
stead of having a majority of four or five thou-
sand on the popular vote, were actually in the
minority more than two thousand. The gain to
the Democracy on the vote of 1856 was some
twenty-odd thousand. I hope, therefore, Mr.
Chairman, that my colleague, Judge Trumbull,
Mr. Blair, and others, will not again assert, as
true, what is shown by the figures to be untrue.
I hope that, merely lor the purpose of making a
little political capital, they will "not indulge here-
after in misiepresentation.
lincoln a kn'ow nothing.
I remember very well to have heard it said some
four years ago that Mr. Lincoln was in Q,uincy,
the city of my residence, attending a Know Noth-
ing lodge. I saw him there at the time, and I
have no doubt he "went into the lodge. If his
friends deny it, I am satisfied I can prove the
fact. Mr. Lincoln has been seeking too much for
popularity and place not to avail himself of the
influence, when he could do it, of an organization
so powerful as that was for a time—more espe-
cially as its doctrines harmonized so well with his
natural proclivities.
The Q,uincy IL5iald,a Democratic newspaper,
uses the following language bearing upon tins
point. There is a heap of truth m what the
editor says:
"The Know Nothing Clement Triumphed.—That the
Know Nothing element in the Black Republican party
triumphed at Chicago, in the nomination of a piesidenfial
candidate, is now goi*eially well uiuiei^tood. The eo:ite>t
was nairowed clown to Sevvaul and Lincoln. So fat a- the
slavery question \vm concerned, they both occupied abwdt
the same position. Theicvuis no u^pect m which L'neoln
was p'eferablo toSewaid with the iliac iv Republicans then
and the) e assembled,except tiiat Lincoln had been a. Know
Nothing and Sewaid had not. It is well known to many
of our citizens that Lincoln visited a Know I\'othim,'lnd >e
m tms city, the first year that oigamzat.on was m exist-
ence, for they s n\v Lim no ui ami liiev -aw him come
out. and numy of tnem saw and h^aid h.m addict the
lod^e while he was in theic. Mr. i^vwud had never been
a Know Nothing. On the contrary, he wa-? one of the
fir-a public men in the cuuntiy to take a bold and open
stand against the Know Nothing or<'unr/n?ion. And if wn-<
.meciseiy tins that beat him m the Cincaco convention. It
wivi a knowledge of the fact on the paa ot the members of
tluit convention that Lincoln hiul been a K io\V Nothing,
and that Seward had not, that nominated Lincoln."
lincoln" on the slavery question and negro
equality.
The considerations involved in the question of
negro slavery, as connected with oui Govern-
ment, are cf the first importance*, but I have
neither the time nor inclination to examine (hem
now. If I had, it would, perhaps, be entirely
unnecessary. Almost e^cry ci'izen has made up
his mind as to his duty m i\gard to the institu-
tion, and he only desires to know the views and
opinions of the individual asking his suffrage;
and when he ascertains them, he knows how to
vote. Upon this point Mr. Lincoln's record is
pretty full for one who has been no more in pub-
lic life. Indeed,he is solely indebted to itfor his
present position. Sagacious enough to see the
general prejudice against slavery, without refer-
ence to the manner in which it became interwoven
with a portion of the States of this Confederacy,
he early mounted upon the back of the negro, and
has ever sincc been riding him under whip and
spur for office. He has outstripped Seward and
Sumner and Hale and Bates and Loyejo*, and
they stand, with folded arms, looking on, sur-
prised to find he has distanced them in the race 1
When in Congress, he voted to apply the Wilmot
proviso to Oregon and in favor of making the
exclusion of slavery from the territory to be ac-
quired from Mexico a necessity to the acquire-
ment and establishment of government. He also
submitted a proposition to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, on condition the people
thereof voted to abolish it, and the General Gov-
ernment paid for the slaves liberated. He claimed,
and now claims, absolute and exclusive legisla-
tive jurisdiction in Congress over this District;
and yet he only proposes to terminate slavery
here, first, if the inhabitants want it done, and,
secondly, if the General Government shall pay
for the slaves. Why this discrimination ? Why
not allow the people of a Territory, as well as
the people of this District, to say whether they
will or will not have slavery? The pioneer to a
new Territory should certainly be treated with
equal consideration to the slaveholder in Wash-
ington city; but Mr. Lincoln does not seem to
think so. The one, he says, shall not have slaves;
the other may have them, if he wants to ! " Con-
sistency, thou art a jewel!"
I have already said, Mr. Chairman, that Gree-
ley claims for Mr. Lincoln that he was the ori-
ginal constructor of the Republican platform. Gree-
ley ought to know, for he did more to effect his
nomination than any other man m America, and
is now his special organ. 1 wish he had gone a
step further, and told us ivhen and where, Mr. Lin-
coln did that job. After the overthrow of the old
Whig party, and in 1854, the first Republican
convention was held in Illinois. Mr. Lincoln's
name appears in its published proceedings as one of
the committee, who reported the resolutions. Mr.
Lincoln, however, now denies he was at the con-
vention. Is it not strange that his name should
appear among those appointed to report resolu-
tions and yet he not be there ? But I will not stop
to quibble about that. I ask the Clerk to read the
platform, which Mr. Lincoln never thought it
necessary for Inm tocome out and repudiate. Do
they constitute the platform referred to by Mr.
Greeley ?
The Clerk read, as follows:
"J. Revolved, We believe this tiuth to he ?olf-ovident:
that when parties bccome cubveisive of the ends for winch
they are established, or incapable of rcstoiing the Govern-
ment to the tiuepiiiu'ipJcsof the Constitution, it is the ught
and duty of the people to dissolve the political bands by
v, inch they have been connected therewith, and to organ-
ize new parties upon such punciples and with such views
as the citeumstanccs and exigencies of the nation may de-
mand.
"■2. Resolved. That the times imperatively demand the
iooigamzatlon of parties; and icpudiatingall previous party
attainments. names, and piediieetions, wo funic oiusolves
togethci m d 'lense of the hbeity and Constitution ot the
country, and wdl heieafu i eo jxirate as the Republican par-
ty, pledged to the accomplishment of the (olio wmg purposes:
To buns t lie ad minis ttrmon ot'tli" Government back to the
contiol or hist pnnciple;,; to le^soie xYebiaskaam! Kansas
! to tii-" portion ol fieeTeiutoiies; that, as the Constitution
' of'the I 'nitod State, ve^tin the. ^'tate.v, and not hi Coninc.-.s,
the power to logjoate tor the extiauition ot fugitives fiom
labor; to iepeal aiuienlneh abtogate the fugitive slave Uw;
io ie-tuet Havuy m luo.-e rftate= m which it exists : to pro-
hibit the admission of any moie -?lave States- into the Union;
to abolish tMavt iv m the Pir-tnet of Columbia; to exclude
ciaveiy fiom ail the Terntoiic- over which the Geneial
Govt i nini nt ha-> < .v jui i-dieiioii; and foie i-^tiie
a-'qunemen^ of an" more Terurotn'-, un!e>s the ptaetice
ot s'aveiy th'Mein -hull luu e been foievei piohibited.
'*3. Jlc^chcJ. Tint, m min."ranee of these piineipSes,
\vc wjji u. e s!ii f ofi-t-iiiti'-nrd and lawful means as f-haii
>r.em bcot adapted to t'^ 't accomplii-bin'-nt, and that we
will -aippoit no in m f". office und-"i the Neutral (•; ^tate
uove:nnienf. who i.-. not positively and j::!iy committed to
• the supjxnt of t'ie-e pr'.e.ple-, and wuo-'e p"i-onal ( uai-
J actor i • not a "aaiantee that ho i> lelir'jle, and v\ ho <iall
' not ha\ e abjen'd old puuy allegiance and ties.-'1
I Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Those resolutions,
Mr. Chairman, were subsequently adopted, in
substance, at a congressional convention held in
the district represented by my colleague, [Mr.
Waskbuune,] and which put him in nomination.
He accepted them as his platform, ran and was
elected upon them, and has never, as far as I know,
repudiated them; and he now appears in this Hall
as the indorser and defender of Mr. Lincoln. He
tells us they' have gone together for twenty years;
and of all my four Republican colleagues on this
floor, he is the one selected as the defender of the
record and the advocate of the faith of Mr. Lin-
coln. Why? Simply because he agreed with him
more fully than the others, and was better ac-
quainted with his views and opinions. Mr. Lin-
coln, in view of their harmony of doctrines and
intimate relations, might, with great appropriate-
ness, apply to my colleague the language of Ruth
and Naomi:
c< Whither thou goest, I will go, and where thoulodgest,
I will lodge; thy people shall be my people, and thy God
mi God."
c( How can two walk together in unity except they be
agreed.5'
In 1858 another Republican convention was
held in Illinois, which designated Mr. Lincoln as
its choice for Senator. Now he steps out a little
further on the political stage; and, in dealing with
him, it is not important to inquire what he has or
has not said about this or that matter as a politi-
cian. What the people want to be informed on
are his doctilncs and their rusuUs. In that conven-
tion he made a spcech,in which he enunciated and
nut forth the 44 irrepressible-conflict" sentiment.
He declared that this Government could not exist
half slave and half free; that it must become all
one thing or all the other. How was this to be
produced? He leaves vs in no doubt as to his
opinion that it was to come about. How? By a
war of the free upon the slave States; by imbru-
ing our hands in our brothers' blood. Litherthe
slave States are to subjugate the free Stales, or the
free States are to subjugate the slave States. They
must, says Mr. Lincoln, all bccome one thing—
all free or all slave; and, of course, if he is elected
President, he will not be contented to administer
the Government as our fathers made it, but will
direct his attention to the consummation of his
object. The consequences can be easily foreseen.
1 will not pause to lift the vail, that I may see what
lies beyond. God save the Republic!
Without going too much mto detail, Mr. Lin-
coln's position is simply this: he denies to the
people of the Territories the right to determine
whether they will or will not have slavery; and
declares they shall not have it, if they want it:
thus violating a fundamental pnnciple of self-
government. He is in favor of making all the
slave States free States. More than this, he
teachcs the doctrine of negro equality. I care not
how much he may deny it, his language is sus-
ceptible of but one rational construction. I will
read what he said in some of his campaign
speeches in Illinois; and let all who hear me judge
of it:
" I should like to know, taking this old Declaration of
Independence, which declares that all men are equal, and
making evceptions to#it, where will it stop? If one man
sa>s it does not mean a negio,\vhy not another say it does
not mean some othei man? If that declaration is not the
truth, let us get the statute-books in which we find it and
teai it out."
And again:
"Let Uri discard all this quibbling about this man and the
other man—tln^iace and that laco and the other race being
iiiicr.oi, and theieioie they must be placed in an inferior
position—di«cardin£oui Mand'ird that we have left iw. Let
us discaid all the>o things, and unite a* one people tlnough-
out this land,until we shall once more r-t.md up dcclaunsj
tij.it all men aie tirated equal." * *
" I leave you, hopiivi that the lamp of Ubeity will burn in
your bosoms until there shall no longer be a doubt that all
men arecieatcd Lee ard equal."
Mr. Chairman, I have not given all, near all,
I might give from the teaching and doctrines of
mi. Lincoln on the slavery question: but I have
given onrush to show his txh emism. Jminow,
however, ?vlr. Slidlll, A'h\ o^xjamix, and other
southern extremists, have dn-'overed that the
Republican candidate for Prexiuont ia very con-
servative ! They are astonished, upon looking
over his record, to find linn so mwh so ! Repub-
lican spe^keis catch uptheirwordsnnd nngthem
throughout tiie country, and wc find both ex-
