888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
RETURN OF LETTERS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer the followin^reso-
lution, and I wish, to say a few words in expla-
nation of it:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law, that any letter which shall have remained
in the post office for the term of thirty days undelivered,
shall be returned to the writer thereof who shall have en-
dorsed his name and,residence thereon.
Las^ spring, in March, I introduced a resolu-
tion which the Senate adopted? inquiring of the
Postmaster General what was the extent of the
cfcad-letters, and asking him, further, to suggest
some measure wjiich might tend to diminish that
number. He has made his report, stating that
the amount of dead-letters was annually a little
over two million; but he says he is not prepared
at present to suggest any remedy. It has appeared
to me that when we sent our letters without pre-
payment through the m&il, and the Government
could obtain its pay only by the delivery of the
letter, we had some security that letters would be
delivered. There was a pecuniary inducement on
the part of the Department to have the letters
delivered with fidelity in order that they might
obtain their postage; but since the practice has
been adoptedofhaving all letters prepaid, the Gov-
ernment has no longer any pecuniary inducement
to deliver the .letter at all. As they have their
money beforehand, it is a matter wholly imma-
terial to them whether a letter is ever delivered
or not—i mean pecuniarily. We have therefore,
now, no pecuniary secusity for the delivery of
letters.
It appears to me that the Government should
do, in relation to these matters, as a private mes-
senger would do. If you entrust to him a pack-
age, and pay him for its delivery, he will at least,
if he does not deliver it, return it. So it appears
to me that if letters are entrusted to the Post Office,
and they are paid for transportation and delivery,
and prepaid, they should at least, if they cannot
deliver them, bring them back if anybody wishes
them, it may be said, will you have them re-
turned without the postage being paid for return-
ing them ? Certainly I would. "They can just as
well carry them back to the man who wrote them
as they can carry them to the dead-letter oifice.
It will cost the Government no more to return a
letter to the writer if he wants it returned, than it
will to send it to the dead-letter office a quarter
afterwards. The transportation will be the same.
I therefore introduce the resolution with a view
to the inquiry, whether every letter should not be
returned after it lias lain a reasonable time in the
office to which it was directed; whether, when it
shall have lain there for thirty days, or any rea-
sonable time that the committee sfiall propose, it
ought not, instead of being sent to the dead-let! er
office, to be returned directly to the writer, if he
will put his name and residence on it. It will cost
the Government nothing; it will save a large part
of the dead-letters, and will occasion, as I think,
a higher degree of confidence in the use of the
mail, if a man may have the letter again if it does
not ultimately reach its destination. I therefore
introduce this resolution, and I ask for its present
consideration.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration, of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Brown on the 18th
of January, affirming the duty of Congress to
protect the enjoyment of all descriptions of prop-
erty in the Territories.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it has been ob-
jected by several Senators, who have replied to
some portions of the speech which I made in this
Hall on the 20th of January, that I had no right
to call in question the acts of sovereign States of
this Union. The gentlemen who took that posi-
tion supported it neither by principle, authority,
nor argument. I hold here, as the representative
of a sovereign State, that it is peculiarly the ap-
propriate place for me to arraign infidelity to the
compact upon the part of any of the States. This,
I believe, is one of the places m which redress
ought to be rendered. It is the duty of this Gov-
ernment, when these complaints are made, if they
be well founded, to exercise all of its powers to
see that these confederates do comply with their
compacts. If its powers are inadequate, we must
resort to such other means as may lead to the
redress of these grievances. If it cannot be had
here, we must lookforpenal redress to such means
as may be taken by the aggrieved parties for their
own redress; but the mode which I have taken is
the regular, constitutional, and proper and peace-
ful mode.
I have not arraigned any State in this Union for
her policy with reference to her domestic or inter-
na] affairs. I have not imitated some of the men
who have made this objection, who stand steadily
here and at home, day after day, and year after
year, denouncing the domestic institutions of their
confederates. I have arraigned them solely for
their infidelity to the compact and to their under-
takings to the Constitution of my country, which
they are under the highest obligations to maintain,
to which they are bound by their oaths, to which
they are bound by good faith.
I charged that certain States of this Union,which
I enumerated, had been faithless to that compact.
I charged that they had rendered the Constitution
null and void within their limits; someofthemby
their judicial determinations, others by legislation
intended for that purpose; that while the Consti-
tution says that this Constitution, and the laws
made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme
law of the land, they have made it of none cffect.
Sir, I have been surprised at the course of re-
ply. While I believe threegentlemen, or possibly
four, have made some sort of answer, not one
of them, except the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,] denied the fact of his State having at-
tempted to nullify the fugitive slave law; and he
was in error, as I shall show on a fitting occasion.
They admit the fact; they admit that the Consti-
tution of their country, as expounded by the le-
gislative, judicial, and executive departments of
this Government, is not complied with in their
limits. The excuse which is given for it is, that
a law for the enforcement of a certain provision of
the Constitution is not constitutional. Well, sir,
this brings us to the fundamental principles of
society. There must be an arbiter somewhere.
There must be somebody to determine this great
and grave question. Between independent sov-
ereigns, notconnected by compact, not connected
by constitution, standing in the plenitude of their
o"\\M sovereignty, nothing but the cannon's mouth
is the final arbiter. Is that our condition ? If that
be our condition, let us know it. We are prepared
for that remedy at any time, if we have no other.
Is it true that, under the Federal Government,
there is no means for enforcing the compact, no
means of compelling our confederates to perform
their duty, as declared by all the departments of
this Government, and according to the Constitu-
tion, except by force? If so, proclaim it; let the
Republican party proclaim it. If that be the con-
dition of this Government, it is time, after sev-
enty years, that the honest people of this country
should understand it. I am attempted to be an-
swered, by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr Doolittle,] on the second point. The
first point—that his State has nullified the fugitive
slave law in express terms, by legislation—he
neither denies, palliates, nor defends. He makes
a speech to show not even that it has not been
done by the judiciary of Wisconsin, but to defend
that judiciary in its action; and in that, as [ shall
show, he has evaded and not met the issue. Let
us be plain, sir. On questions of law, and indeed
on all other questions, it is in vain to argue unless
men understand one another as to thtf proposi-
tion. The allegation which I made against these
States upon that branch of the subject is m these
words:
" I charge, fii.st, that this organization has annulled and
made of none effect a fundamental piinciple of the Consti-
tution of the United States in many of the States of this
Union, and have endeavored, and are endeavoring, to ac-
complish the same result in all the non-slavelio)ding States.
Si Secondly, I charge them jvith openly attempting to de-
prive the people of the slaveholding States of theii equal
enjoyment of, and equal rights in, the common territories
of the United States, as expounded by the Supreme Court,
and of seeking to get the conirol of the Federal Govern-
ment, with the intent to enable them to accomplish this
result by the overthrow of the Federal judiciary."
"The constitutionality of this law [fugitive slave law of
1850] has been maintained, as far as I know or believe, by
every Federal court in the Union, and every State court
also, except that of Wisconsin. The decision ol that court
has recently boon brought before the highest judicial tri-
bunal of our country. 1 find m the twenty-first volume
of Howard's.Supreme Court Reports two cases decided to-
gether, Ableman rs. Booth, and the United States vs. Booth.
That decision is abi**, learned, and eloquent. I cannot read
all of it that 1 could wish to read. J commend it to all
honest men; I give enough of it to elucidate the point 1 am
discussing:
" 4 In the case before the supreme court of Wisconsin, a
right was claimed under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and the decision was against the right
claimed; and it refuses obcdience to the writ of error, and
Regards its own judgment as final. It has not only reversed
and annulled the judgment of the district court of the United
States, but it has -reversed and annulled the provisions <*'
the Constitution itself.'—Howard's Reports, volume 21,
page 522."
That was the charge. My authority for that
charge was an express declaration of the whole
of the nine judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States, or all who were present. The de-
cision was unanimous; and I presume they were
all there. But my accusation against Wisconsin
was not merely that she annulled the decision of
the Supreme Court. He cannot change the issue
to a question as to the fallibility or infallibility of
our Supreme Court, or any other judicial tribunal.
I charge his State with violating the Constitution
of the country. The judgment of the Supreme
Court, the judgment of the local court, the lan-
guage of the Constitution, all are but evidences,
witnesses of this act of violation of compact; and
for that purpose they were quoted.
If he has succeeded in showing that other States
may have charged usurpations upon the Supreme
Court of the United States; that Mr. Jefferson con-
sidered it dangerous to the powers of this Gov-
ernment, he still leaves the question of whether or
not this action of Wisconsin is a violation of her
plighted faith just where he found it, and he has
gone to an issue not involved in the one which I
presented in the slightest degree; hut I shall take
it up, after showing what the point is, and I shall
show {hat they are indefensible, even on the
grounds assumed.
What evidence did I bring that ours was the
true construction of the Constitution of my coun-
try? In the first place, 1 read from the Constitu-
tion itself:
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in consequence
of any lawSir regulation therein, be discharged hoin such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
paity to whom such seivice or labor may be due."
These words are plain. There is no security
for human government when men will distort the
very plainest language in which their public laws
are recorded. This provision of the Constitution
is clear and distinct, beyond cavil and beyond
question. The debates which took place upon
the. Constitution show what it meant. A large
number of these States had slaves. They some-
times ran away into the States possessing no
slaves; they were sometimes scduced away; and
those States had, before the Constitution was
formed, differed about the mode of delivering them
up. To deliver up fugitives among all nations had
been a matter of compact, except with cotermin-
ous States having slaves; and then mutual interest
established it as a comity among nations, in an-
cient and in modern times, that fugitives from ser-
vice should be delivered up. That is what they
said they intended in the debates of the Federal
convention. Some of the States objected that they
should not be put on the ground of fugitives from
justice, because, as they said, when the proposition
was first made, they ought not to be delivered up
at the cost of the States; that if a servant from Vir-
ginia ran into Pennsylvania, the government of
Pennsylvania should not be compelled to return
him at her cost. That was admitted to be rea-
sonable, and the provision was changed so that
the Federal Government might deliver him up on
the claim of the owner, by law, and not put the
obligation directly on the State, as they did in the
case of fugitives from justice. They provided
that one should be delivered up by the Governor
of the State on demand; and the other should be
delivered up according to the law which should
be made. Then it was adopted unanimously m
the Federal Constitution. Not one of our con-
federates then pretended to hold that either their
conscience or their policy, or any other consider-
ation, would prevent them from discharging this
high obligation.
Five years afterwards, in 1703, it was complained
that this clause of the Constitution was not carried
out. Nearly all the provisions of the Constitution
had to be carried out by law; and when our fathers
met in 1789, they commenced to carry out the
