I860.]
APPENDIX' TO THE CONG-KESSIOITAL GfLOBE;
36th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Lincoln and Ms Record—Mr. Mortis.
Ho. of Beps.
trcmes combined to overthrow the conservative
Democracy. Mr. Lincoln's opinion of southern
gentlemen is not quite as favorable as theirs is of
lum. In a speech he made on the 13th of last
February, in the city of New York, (a speech,
by the way, for which he charged and received
$,200, and was severely denounced by the presi-
dent of the Republican club forit,) he said, speak-
ing of the South:
" You will giant a hearing to murderers and outlaws, but
nothing like it to Black Republicans."
Yes, gentlemen, this is Mr. Lincoln's opinion
of you; and if you can pocket the insult, do it!
the republican party.
I had intended, Mr. Chairman,before resuming
my seat, to say something about the Republican
organization; but I have not time to do it. I will
let one or two Republicans, however, speak of
the elements composing it for themselves. Mr.
Ashmun, the president of the Chicago convention,
which nominated Mr. Lincoln, upon taking the
chair, addressed that body thus: " Gentlemen of
the convention—Republicans, Americans5'—show-
ing it was composed of both Republicans and
Know Nothings; for the term " Americans" is,
as every one knows, synonymous with that of
Know Nothing. This is the firstconfession. And
now, if the Clerk will read the remarks of Hon.
Mr. Train, a leading Republican member of the
House from Massachusetts, made at the Phila-
delphia ratification meeting, and which I have
marked and send up to his desk, they will answer
every purpose, and supersede the necessity of my
uttering a single word.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Fellow-citizens, excuse me for occupying so much of
your attention. [Cries ofk Go on ' Goon Pandcheeisfor
Tram,] 1 want to say a few words to you about the pol-
icy of this party to which i belong. It is; a party, as f told
you at the outset, mado up os all '-orts of factions I was
an old Whig, and was; neveranjthmg el&e. 1 was clcctcd
to my present position a-> a an mbei of the House of Repre-
sentatives by Whigs, Republicans, and Amei leans, all sorts
of people, impelled by one common s-entmient—that of hos-
tility to the Admimstiauon. We know no othei sentiment
down out way. We do not caro what a man's views may
be upon any particulai subject, if he apices with us upon
that tjeat question that the men who now hold the leinsof
pu\vei are unfit tor their places and .should give way to
bettei men.
Now, if anybody might find fault with the platform
adopted at Chicago, 1 think Massachusetts could; but we
do not propose to find fault with anything. They have put
in the platform what romt: of our American friends call the
4 Dutch plank.' Well, it is a plank for which 1 caie veiy
little. 1 suppose it was gotten up as a soit of fling at my
own State by some of our fuend-, as Massachusetts is the
only State which ha** evei legislated m leference to the
natuiahzation of foreigners. And permit me to say, fur-
thei, in reference to this subjcct, that there is not a man
heie who, living m Massachusetts, would not give his
adhesion to that legislation which we weie compelled
to adopt. This question is a question for every State t®
decide tor itself.
" We do not come heie to interfcic with the Geimans,
or Noiwegians, or of whatever class your foreign popula-
tion is made up of; but we claim the light to take care of
our own foieign population at home; and it became con-
venient to require that a loieignei should remain two yeais
in our State alter natmahzation, before he was allowed to
vote. Some of our luendt* found fault with tins action ;
but we thought it was tight, and we have a way of making
up our minds conscientiously, and then acting upon that de-
cision. Now, if any Americans hi Pcnnsj Ivania find fault
with tuat • Dutch plank.' I say to them, do astve do in Mas-
sachusetts—if it lsdisagieeable. just make a face and swal-
low it. [Great laughtei and applause.] It will not require
much of an effort to do it. [Renewed laughter.]"
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Train very
frankly and truthfully admits that his party is
composed of u all sorts of factions," and men en-
tertaining " all sorts of principles," and that the
only object they have in vie wis to drive the present
Administration from power, that they may revel
on the spoils of victory. I hardly supposed be
would own to so much. I agree with the senti-
ment that this is a bad Administration; I confess
it ought to be displaced; but 1 dissent from the
conclusion that the success of the Republican party
would be best for the country. They truly would,
if in power, revel upon the spoils. They would
be a greedy and hungry swarm that would suck
every remaining drop of blood from the Govern-
ment veins. They would bear sway with a high
hand; and i see no safety, no refuge for us, butin
the triumph of conservatism and the election of
Douglas. Sir, before taking my seat, I must ask
the indulgence of the committee while I say afew
words on that point.
Mr. Chairman, the great event of the nineteenth
century has transpired. The crisis has passed,
and the Republic is safe. Let all the people re-
joice. The Charleston convention, after passing
through a most fearful and trying ordeal, proved
equal to the emergency, and virtually selected
Stephen A. Douglas as the Democratic stand-
ard-bearer in the approaching presidential cam-
paign. The adjourned convention at Baltimore
wili only ratify that selection. Then the valleys
will send the glad tidings to the hills, and the
hills to the mountains, and the whole land will
be filled with joy. One wide-spread, universal
shout of " all is well!" will go up from the North
and the South, the East and the West, for peace
and happiness wilt reign. The patriot will feel
secure in the enjoyment of civil and religious lib-
erty, for he will know that no Lilliputian arms,
supported only by a weak and doubting will,
•hold up the pillars of the Republic. The States
will be held firmly together by a giant's grasp.
For a period the scales seemed poised in doubt-
ful balance; the nation, the while,in almost breath-
less suspense, awaiting, in agonizing fear, the re-
sult. At last patriotism and justice prevailed,
and the joyous news leaped along the electric
wires, unlocked the public heart, and a warm
gush of patriotic feeling, too long pentup, pouied
forth like a river of life, and will sweep on, and
on, with a resistless force, overwhelming every
interposing obstacle. Since the days of General
Jackson there will not be recorded in American
history such an outpouring of the masses in favor
of any other man. A phoenix has truly sprung
from the hero's ashes. Ne other living states-
man but Judge Douglas could have rode upon
upon the whirlwind, and directed the storm.
None other could have triumphed over such fear-
ful odds. Relying upon the vastness of his own
intellectual resources, clothed in the impenetrable
armor of truth, and conscious of the rectitude of
his intentions and tho justice of his cause,
" He battled as aireenian should,
For his eountiy, and his country's good."
Success has crowned his labors. Bonfires and
illuminations, the booming cannon, and the stir-
ring notes of the drum, will signalize the victory.
I would rather have his triumph to-day, than
Scipio's at Zama, or Wellington's at Waterloo.
It is a triumph of libcrtyo\rcroppression, of right
over wrong, of justice over persecution, of indi-
viduality over official power and corruption, of
union and fraternal feeling over the hellish spirit
of disunion and secession, of the people over the
politicians. It is a triumph at once so grand, glori-
ous, and magnificent, so full of hope and promise
to the future, that the hand ofOmnipotcnce can be
traced in it. 44 The stone which the builders ic-
fused isbecome the /(eadsloneofthccorner. This
is the Lord's doing; it is marvelous in our eyes."
Tell me not, Mr. Chairman, that a military cap-
tain, supported by the money and troops of a
powerful State, as he stands covered with glitter-
ing trappings upon victory's field, with his red
sword flashing m the sun-light of heaven, ever
achieved half so much for himself or mankind!
Hunted down by the executive head of the Gov-
ernment, wielding a patronage of $80,000,000 per
annum, and a countless horde of office-holders,
molded to his will; a Senate with but one, and
a House of Representatives with but eight or ten
exceptions against him; a venal press, subsidized
with the public money, and a swarm of hungry
officials and dependents, superadded to various
presidental aspirants, acting in concert with them,
all combined for his overthrow, itseemed that he
must be inevitably crushcd; yet he quailed not,
but stood like the oak in the storm, defying their
fury; and the people will crown him with a chap-
let of honor for it! In this imposing ceremonial
they will exclude all but themselves. No slaves
of power will be suffered to participate in it. The
Hamanswho bask in the sunshine of official pat-
ronage, as they have passed in and out, and saw
this Mordecaisitting atthegate,have been greatly
troubled thereat, and their affliction will yet be
too excrutiating for utterance.
Judge Douglas is indebted, sir,for the success
and immortal renown which attend him, to his
devotion to principle; while those who have proven
treacherous to it, and presumed upon what they
falsely assumed to be theignorance of- the people*,
have gone, an<l wili go, -down- to political igno-1
rhmy. The liand of destiny is Upon them, and'
cannot be averted. Theywili' be outcasts from
public confidence, for God has-set the seal of his
disapprobation upon them. For one, sir, I am
not disappointed at the result. - It did not require'
the spirit of prophecy to foresee it. - On the 28th
day of December, 1857, at the begjrimng pf the.'
Lecompton struggle, I addressed a. letter to the
editor of the Chicago Times, which was pub-
lished a few days thereafter in that paper, in
which I used the following language:
" In vindicating the great principle of popular sovereignty/
as applicable to Territories as well as Stato3, our distin-
guished Senator la consistent with his past life, and now
stands forth as one whom neither plaec, nor power, nor
liowiH, can swerve for an instant from the line of duty.
If, under these cueumstances, I shonld hesitate to give
hini tho benefit of my feeble support, 1 should be reercant
to my own sense of right, and guilty of a most gross bieach
of public duty. Let ptesidential aspirants plot, and com-
binations be tornicd to break down one of the greatest—if
not the grenle-t—of American statesmen living; it will, in
the end, amount to nothing.
" I predict now. ttiat Judge Douglas will prove equal to
the emergency—Ibai lie will come out of the contest with
new laurels, and that the sequel will show he has gained,
by his iccent great speech In the Senate, a stronger hold on
the affections of th^naiion tha'n lie ever before enjoyed."
I shall never forget my emotions on hearing
that speed) delivered. - I knew that every1 effort
had been used to prevent him fioin maKing itr
Hopes of reward, in the shape of future promo-
tion,had been held out to him, and when they had
failed, threats of excommunication from the Dem-
ocratic party were resorted to. He turned them
all aside, and there he stood,in the first legislative
body on the eartli, with enemies all around pre-
dicting he was preaching his own "funeral ser-
mon," proudly spurning every consideration but
the right? It was, indeed, a scene in which moral
courage rose to sublimity, and the future historian
and painter of our country will dwell on it with
delight. The politician was lost in the patriot;
policy was swallowed up in principle; and, press-
ing on the line of duty, he rose superior to every
obstacle, and left the impress of his unyielding
integrity and great genius upon our free institu-
tions so indelibly marked that ages will not be
able to effacc them. I felt rejoiced that there was
at least one man , and I was proud he was an II-
liiioisa.ii, who did not hesitate a moment to step
forward in defease of the right, and who would
not—
"Ciook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where limit may lollow fawning."
On the 23d day of February following, in a
speech I made in this House on the Lecompton
question, I also said:
ec The Illinois Senator, however, maintains a calm, con-
servative position, conscious of the rectitude of his inten-
tion*=and the justice of his cause, and looking only to the
rujht, iclies upon that, and that alone, to sustain him.
When this c\citcment shall pass away, and the 'sober sec-
ond thought'do its office—when peacc shall again settle
upon the country, the people wili say, 'Well done,good
ai'd faithful servant; you have been faithful over a tew
things, and we will make you ruler ovei many.' Though
political aspuarit", who thread their way through the daxk
labyrinths of intrigue, and only hope to rise on the ruin of
other*, and not their own merit, desire it otherwise, it will
never be said of luiri—
"A taleon, tow'rint* in her pride of place,
. Was, by a mousing owl, hawked at and killed."
It was just as natural, Mr. Chairman, for the
results to follow which have followed the hostility
to Judge Douglas and his doctrines, as for water
to run down stream. His enemies seem to have
rushed blindly upon their own destruction, fur-
nishing themost incontestable evidence of the truth
of the"saying lhat "whom the gods intend to
dcstioy, they first make mad." The hearts of
people arc in the hands of a just and merciful
God, and "He turneth them whithersoever He
will, as tlic rivers of water are turned;" and He
will not allow them to follow up the wild ravings
of secession fanaticism. In this struggle they
are with the Senator of Illinois. If he has been
pursued with the malignity of Saul, he has had the
triumph of Da1,id.
But it is not as a personal success alone we are
to view his good fortune. The subject assumes
a vaster range and wider importance than that
attached to mere individuality. The triumph is
the nation's. For long years will the vital blood
