LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OE THE THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Monday,
the 5th day of December, 1859, and ended on Monday, the 25th day of June, 1860.
James Buchanan, President. John 0. Breckinridge, Vice President, and President of the Senate. William
Pennington, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chapter I.—An Act making Appropriations to
defray the Deficiencies in the Appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, and in part for
the support of the Post Office Department for
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled, That the sum of four million two hun-
dred and ninety-six thousand and nine dollars and
twenty-six cents is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of supplying the deficiency
m the revenues and defraying the expenses of the
Post Office Department for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-nine.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted,, That towards
the support of the Post Office Department, for the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty, the sum of four million dol-
lars, payable out of any money in the Treasury
arising from the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, is hereby appropriated, and the further
sum of two million four hundred thousand dollars
is hereby appropriated, payable out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; said
sums to be expended in conformity with the pro-
visions of the act of the second day of July, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, in the
payment exclusively of compensation to post-
masters and clerks in their offices, mail depreda-
tions and special agents, and for the transportation
of the mails, for wrapping paper, mail bags, blanks
and paper for the same, mail locks, keys, and*
stamps, postage stamps, and stamped envelopes.
Sec. 3. And be it further enactcd, That interest
at the rate of six per centum per annum, to com-
mence sixty days after the expiration of the quar-
ter in which the service was rendered; but in no
case prior to the first day of May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, to the date of the approval of
this act, shall be paid on all sums found due to
the contractors for carrying the mail, and that a
sum sufficient to pay the same be and is hereby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That such
interest shall be payable only to the contractors
themselves; and the same is hereby declared to
be in full of all damages by reason of failure or
delay in payment; and the same shall be receipted
for accordingly. But no interestshall be allowed
469
on payments for the last quarter, ending the thirty-
firstof December,eighteen hundred andfifty-nine.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of one thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the services of temporary clerks
in expediting the payment of creditors of the Post
Office Department.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Su-
perintendent of the Public Printing be required to
procure the printing of the post office blanks by
contract, after thirty days' public notice, and to
award said contract for the usual period of post
office contracts, to the bidder who offers to print
said blanks at the greatest per centum deduction
from the prices authorized to be paid by law for
the printing of the Executive Departments; and
that all laws, or parts of laws, now in force, in
relation to the printing of post bills, or post office
blanks, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 15, 1860.
Chap. II.—An Act making Appropriations for
the payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the United States for the year ending the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one:
For invalid pensions, under various acts, four
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows of those who served
in the revolutionary war, under the third section
of the act of fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty six; the acts of seventh July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight; third March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three; seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-four; second February, and
twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight; and second section act of third February,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under
first section act fourth July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six; act of twenty-first July, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight; first section act of third
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-three; and
under special acts, sixty thousand dollars.
For Navy invalid pensions, forty-three thou--
sand dollars.
For Navy pensions to widows and orphans,
under act of eleventh August, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars.
For privateer invalids, one thousand dollars.
Approved, March 2, 1860.
Chap. III.—An Act authorising the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue Registers to Schooners
Helen Blood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, in
the State of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America iri Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he hereby is, authorized to issue registers
to the owners of schooners Helen Blood and Sa-
rah Bond, of Oswego, in the State of New York,
the said vessels having been built in Canada: Pro-
vided, The Secretary shall be satisfied that the
owners of said schooners are citizens of the Uni-
ted States.
Approved, March 2, I860.
Chap. V.—An Act to extend the provisions of
" An Act to enable the State of Arkansas and
other States to reclaim the Swamp Lands within
their limits" to Minnesota and Oregon, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the act of Con-
gress entitled "An act to enable the State of Ark-
ansas and other States to reclaim the ' swamp
lands' within their limits," approved September
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and fifty, be, and
the same are hereby, extended to the States of
Minnesota and Oregon: Provided, That the grant
hereby made shall not include any lands which
the Government of the United States may have
reserved, sold or disposed of (in pursuance of any
law heretofore enacted) prior to the confirmation
of title to be made under the authority of the
said act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
selection to be made from lands already surveyed
in each of the States including Minnesota and
Oregon, under the authority of the act aforesaid,
and of the act to aid the State of Louisiana in
draining the swamp lands therein, approved March
second, one thousand eight hundred and forty-
nine, shall be made within two years from the
adjournment of the Legislature of each State at
its next session after the date of this act; and, as
