894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
cession; North Carolina had made her cession;
but Georgia had not yet made hers. Georgia was
standing alone. We had lost the power of Vir-
ginia to back us in claiming the unappropriated
land; we had lost the power of North Carolina:
and Congress was looking up for a title to terri-
tory which we claimed. She told us that in 1770
the King separated all that part of Georgia, from
the mouth of the Yazoo, running due east of the
Chattahooche river, and attached it to Florida;
and as the United States had made a treaty with
Spain, fixing the southern boundaryat 31°, there-
fore, all that country between the mouth of the
Yazoo and 31°, the United States claimed under
the treaty with Spain.
We denied it. We said it had never passed
the great seal; that it had been attached there for
convenience, when England owned East Florida,
between 17G3 and 1783, and that she retrocedcd
it at the treaty oFPuris. They were strongly
against us. Mr. Baldwin, a very distinguished
and honest man, defended our title with ability,
but we were weak and had few friends. The Gov-
ernment of the United States determined to estab-
lish a territorial government over that territory.
She claimed a right to do it. It was the only foot
of territory she claimed in the world, except this
compact with the States. Congress decided that
it belonged to the United States, under the treaty
with Spain. There was a very long and able de-
bate in Congress, \tfhich you will find in the second
volume of the Annals of Congress. What gov-
ernment was established over that Territory ? The
ordinance of 1787, saving and excepting the sixth
and last clause, which was the anti-slavery one.
That was argued at length by northern men and
southern men. That was the first time the Federal
Government claimed any territory, except under
a cession. She got a cession from North Caro-
lina,in which that State said: " You shall pass no
law against slavery." She got the Virginia ces-
sion, which allowed her to do as she pleased, and
Virginia agreed to the ordinance of 1787. But in
this case the Government claimed original consti-
tutional power. She claimed to have acquired the
territory under the treaty of 1796. That was the
firstacquisition,under this claiin^nade by Wash-
ington; a slave country, too, which had slaves m
it. The title of Georgia was defeated by a vote
of36to34. Then:
k'Mr. Thatcher rose and said he should make a motion,
touching the rights of man, bv moving to strike out the
excepting clause in the third section of the bill. [It appeals
th.u in tho oidmance establishing a Government in the
Northwestern Teiritory, slavery is expressly loibidden,
and this scction of the bill directs that a government similar
in alt respects to that established m the Northwestern
Territoiy shall be established in the Mississippi Terntoiy,
except that slavery shall not be forbidden.J"
Mr. Thatcher made several violent and very
foolish speeches about it, as I think; probably some
other gentlemen might think them very good; but
amongst the rest who spoke, was Harrison Gray
Otis:
"Mr. Otis hoped his colleague would not withdraw his
motion ; and the icason why he wished this was, that an
opportunity might be given to gentlemen who came from
the same part of the Union with him to manifest that it is
not their disposition to interfere with the southern States
as to the species of property in question. With respect to
the existence of slaveiy, the House had often heaid gentle-
men, who are owners of slaves, declare it is not their for-
tune, but their misfortune, that they possess them ; but who
sttll keep them, and claim the right of managing them as
they think proper. lie thought it was not the business of
those who had nothing to do with that kind of property to
interfere with that right; and he really wished that the gen-
tlemen who held slaves might not be deprived ot the means
of keeping them m order.
'■By permitting slavery in tins distiict of country, the
nnmbfi of slaves would not bo increased, as, if emigrants
from South Carolina or Georgia were to remove into this
country, they would take their slaves with them ; and he
could hco nothing m this which could affect the philan-
thropy of his friend. The Noithwestern Territory is inhab-
ited b> a description of persons who have not been accus-
tomed to hold slaves, and, therefore, the resti.etson is agree-
able to them ; but the tetritory m question will be settled
by people fiom the southern States, who cannot cultivate
the ground without slaves. He hoped, however, the mo-
tion would bo persisted in, and negatived by a huge major-
ity"—JZnnah of Congress, page 1306, volume 2.
"The question was put, and negatived, there
being only twelve votes m its favor." On the ques-
tion of expediency, in the administration of John
Adams, the House stood eighty members against
twelve, but it was worse the next day. Mr. Har-
per, of South Carolina, proposed the prevention
■ of the slave trade. Congress had a right to do
that, because the inhibition of the power in the
Constitution only extended to the then existing ,
States, and, claiming this to be outside of them,
they had unquestionably the power to prohibit it ,
there before 1808. Mr. Harper moved that— |
" From and after the establishment of the aforesaid gov- i
eminent, it shall not be lawful ioi any person to import, or
bung into the said Territory, from any port or place without !
the limits of the United States, any slave or slaves,''5 &c.
" Mr. Thatcher moved to strike out the words
* without the limits ot the United States,' so as
to have made it unlawful to have brought any slave
there; but the motion was not seconded. ^e
could not get a second. In the administration of
Mr. John Adams, in 1798—at least a New Eng-
land father, I suppose—in one case the prohibi-
tion got but twelve votes, on a direct vote; and, in
the other case, to prevent even the internal slave
trade, it did not gefca second. That is the history.
I say this is the first independent exercise of power
over a Territory, and.Congress refused to exercise
this alleged right. This was the Congress of the
revolutionary fathers. It was nine years after the
Government went into operation; and so are all
the authorities where Congress exercised original
power up to 1820. I admit that was the first ex-
ercise of this power, arbitrary and unconstitutional
as it has been properly decided to be. I showed
gentlemen that Mr. Jefferson, both in his letter
to Mr. Madison and to John Holmes, had de-
nounced it; had used the very argument of Har-
rison Gray Otis, that a diffusion was not an in-
crease of slavery; and he denounced the authors
of the Missouri restriction as enemies of the Re-
public^ traitors to the hopes of mankind. You
call him your father. Then you have a father's
curse. Let it follow you, and cling unto you.
Mr. Madison, as 1 showed you, declared ex-
plicitly that, in his judgment, it was nut*war-
ranted by the Constitution. He is another one of
your fathers. You trample him under foot, too. j
If you can maintain your doctrine by argument, !
if you can maintain it by interpretation, do it; but I
for Heaven's sake, what right have you to tra-
duce and vilify the memories of these old patri-
ots by claiming through them, and by misrepre-
senting their opinions throughout the whole length
and breadth of this broad land? Not a Senator :
sits there that does not know that Mr. Madison ,
declared its unconstitutionality. Not a Senator
sits there that does not know that Mr. Jefferson .
denounced this very restriction of 1820. I will not
say, because I do not know, that not a Senator j
there has ever admitted it, either here or in the !
North. 1 ha\ e never seen such a statement, though,
j; from one of them. Therefore I say that, accord- 1
t| ing to the judgment of our fathers, according to
j; the Constitution, according to the practice in 1798, ,
j; according to the practice up to 1820,according to |
|. the decision of the executive, the legislative, and -
K judicial departments—all have decided thatthefun-
i[ damontal principle on which the Republican party
ij stands is unconstitutional, and is \ iolati\e of that
|i sacrcd obligation. They can never carry it out,
11 without trampling under foot one of the great co-
u ordinate branches of this Government. Are you ,
o ready to do this? March on, then, to the unholy
11 work.
|i Mr. MASON. Mr. President, an order was ^
1 made in executive session to proceed to the con- :
! sideration of executive business at two o'clock
j to-day. I did not call for it from a disinclination
| to interfere with the Senator duiing the course of
his speech. ;
Mr. "WADE. If the Senator will permit me, I j
want at some time to say something about these :
resolutions that have been discussed so much,
and I wanted the floor baiely to postpone them
to some time when I can have an opportunity to
speak.
Mr. MASON. I shall not object to that, but I ,
submit that it is matter of great moment to the ;
public business that we should go into executive
session and continue there. |
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator permit me to
move the postponement of this subject to some 1
day that will be assented to ? !
Mr. MASON. I will not interfere at all with i
tho Senator's motion,but I would suggest to him
to name some remote day, because I shall ask the
Senate to remain m executive session when-we get
into it again. >
Mr. "WADE. I will name Monday next, a i
week from to-day, if that will be satisfactory. i
Mr. MASON. Very well. |
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone these resolu-
tions until Monday next.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me? I think next Monday and the following day
have already been accorded by tho Senate to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WADE. Well, I will say "Wednesday of
next week, if that is clear of all incumbrance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Mallort
in the chair.) Does the Senator name any hour?
Mr. WADE. Half past one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES. #
Mr. BROWN. I move to rcconsider the vote
postponing the resolutions submitted by me some
time since to Wednesday of next week.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now move that they be post-
poned to and made the special order of the day
for Thursday next at o^e o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. BROWN. I move that when the Senate
adjourns on Wednesday, it be to meet on Thurs-
day at twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF THE NAYY.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 32) to increase and regulate
the pay of the Navy. The Committee on Naval
Affails had reported the bill with an amendment,
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert. as a substitute:
That from and after the passasre of this act the annual
pay of captains, commanders, lieutenants, masters in the
| line of promotion, and passed midshipmen on the active
1 list, and medical officers of the Navy, shall be that provided
| by the act approved March 3,1835, entitled " An act to reg-
| ulate ttie pay of the Navy," and a prn centage upon the pay
I a^ provided by said act, and in addition thereto, <hall be
! allowed as follows: Captains, when commanding squad-
I ions, twentj-five per centum additional: ail other eap-
J tains on duty at sea. ten per centum additional; every com-
mander on duty at sea, $950 for the lir-t five year-. a?'ter the
date of his commander's commission, and -$'500 for the sec-
ond five years and upward*; when on other duty, com-
manders shall be entitled to receive one half, and on leave
1 oifc fourth, of this additional pay; every heutenanton duty
at sea for the first two yeais' &ea service, after the date of
i his lieutenant's commission, .^250; for tho second two
| years'sea service, $500; and for the third two years'and
■ upwatds sea servicc, $750 additional pay; when on other
; duty lieutenants shall be entitled to receive one half, and
■ when on leave one thud, ol this additional pa). .Va-teis in
. the line of promotion, when on duty ^nch, shall be en-
titled to receive $200 additional pay; passed midshipmen,
when on duty as such, shall be entitled to the additional
; pay of $100; ail medical officers, puiacrs and engineers,
shall he entitled to receive twenty-five per centum addi-
. tiorial upon their present pay ; wai ranted boatswain*, gun-
ners, carpenters, and sail-makers, shall be entitled toic-
ecive lour per centum upon then pay. established by act of
August 5th, 1854. in lieu of the two per centum provided by
■ the said act for each and every year of then >cn serv ice in
the Navy as such. The naval piofe^ors of mathemat-
1 ic^, when on duty, shall be entitled to receive twvnty per
centum additional upon their pay, as provided by the act of
i August 3, 1848; Provided, That no appointment- to this
j giade shall be made to lili vacancies,
fc?K<\ 2. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That nothing m this
: act contained shall be construed to increase or modify the
! pay of chiefs of bureaus in the Navy Depat tment, the su-
perintendents of the Naval Ob^ervatoiy and Naval Ae:ul-
' emv, or of those naval officers whose salaries have been
spceialh fixed by law.
i Sec. 3. jind be it further enacted, Th?t hereafter no ser-
vice &hali be regarded a- sea service but >-ueh as MiaSl be
performed at sea, under the order- of the Navy Department.
Mr. MALLORY. The Naval Committee sub-.
mitted, last week, some amendments to the sub-
stitute. The question will, I suppose, be first
upon them.
The first amendment of the committee was in
line fourteen, to strike out the words " two hun-
dred and fifty," and insert '"three hundred and
' twenty five;" so that the clause will read:
j Eveiy commander on duty at tea, $325 for the fii.st five
years after the date of his commander's commission.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
: line sixteen, to strike out the words " five hun-
; dred," and insert "six hundred and fifty," so
| that the clause will read:
| And .$650 for the second five jcars and upward*.
I The amendment was agreed to.
