I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong. .. .1st Sbss.
society by paying into the hands of the treasurer
such sum as may be prescribed in the constitu-
tion or by-laws as the fee for life or annual mem-
bership. Honorary members may be elected at
the will of the society. It shall require the pres-
ence of at least fifteen members of the society to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-
ness, but a less number may adjourn from time
to time.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the sec-
retary of said corporation shall keep his business
office in the city of Washington, and he shall
make up a complete record of all the doings of
the society annually.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the con-
stitution, by-laws, and regulations of said society
as they stand at the time of the passage of this
act, shall be and remain in force until altered or
abrogated at a regular annual meeting of the cor-
poration; and the officers who were elected at the
annual meeting of the society in January preced-
ing the passage of this act, shall remain in their
several offices, and exercise their several duties,
until the annual meeting m the January succeed-
ing the passage of this act, and until their succes-
sors are elected.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That Con-
gress tnn.y at any time alter, amend, orannul this
act.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act to amend an Act enti-
titled " An Act to amend an Act entitled ' An
Act to establish a Criminal Court in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.' "
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the first and seventh sections of
the act approved February twentieth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-nine, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 1 An act to establish a crim-
inal court in the District of Columbia,' " be, and
that the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever the judge of the said criminal court, from
sickness or any other legal cause, shall be unabie
to hold the said court, he shall give notice thereof
to the judges of the circuit court of the District
of Columbia, or if he be unable from any legal
cause to give sucli notice, it shall be given by the
marshal of the District of Columbia; and there-
upon one of the said judges of the circuit court
of the District of Columbia shall, by arrange-
ment among themselves, hold the said criminal
court during the temporary inability of the judge
of the said court: Provided, however, That no
judge of the said circuit court of the District of
Columbia, after once holding said criminal court
during the temporary inability of the judge of
the said criminal court, shall be required, unless
with his own consent, on any subsequent occa-
sion of a tempoiary inability of said judge of the
criminal court, to hold the said criminal court
again until it shall have been holden by each of
the other two judges of the said circuit court of
the District of Columbia, it being the intent and
meaning of this act to apportion, as near as may
be, among the thiee judges of said circuit court
the extra service which this act imposes on
them.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That if, when
any judge of the circuit court is called on in rota-
tion to hold said criminal court during theinability
of the judge thereof, such judge of the circuit
court shall be prevented by sickness or other legal
cause from holding the said criminal court, then
it shall be holden by one of the other two judges of
the circuit court, whose duty it would be, under
tills act, as next in rotation, to hold said criminal
court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thatnothmg
in this act contained shall prevent the clerk of the
said criminal court from adjourning the same from
day to day, for a time not exceeding one week,
where the judge of the criminal court shall be
taken sick after the commencement and during
the progress of a term: Provided, That no ser-
vices rendered by either of the judges of the circuit
court, under this act, shall be the foundation for
any additional compensation therefor.
Approved, April 20,1860.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act supplemental to an Act
entitled "An Act providing for the taking of
the Se venth and subsequen t Censuses of the Uni-
ted States, and to fix the number of the Mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, and pro-
vide for the future Apportionment among the
several States," approved May twenty-third,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there may be employed in the
Census Office, one chief clerk, and, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, such other
clerks of the first class as the requirements of the
service may demand, of whom the Secretary may
advance from time to time, not more than ten to
the second class, nine to the third class, and six
to the fourth class.
Approved, May 5,1860.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act authorizing the Cor-
poration of Washington City to make a loan
and issue stock for two hundred thousand dol-
lars, for building a Market-House.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the ground lying between Sev-
enth and Ninth streets, and fronting on Pennsyl-
vania and Louisiana avenues, now and hitherto
used and occupied for the Centre Market, be, and
the same is hereby, ceded to the Corporation of
Washington, on condition that said Corporation,
within two years after this act takes effect, erect
thereon a market-house. The said house to be so
constructed as to admit foot passengers through
only one entrance to the market on the north side;
market-wagons and other vehicles on the south
side only, with means of exit for the same on
Seventh and Ninth streets, and to exclude mar-
keting from Pennsylvania and Louisiana avenues
and the sidewalks and pavements thereon. And
for the purpose of erecting such market-house it
shall be lawful for said Corporation to create a
debt, in such form as may be found expedient,
not exceeding the sum of two hundred thousand
dollars, at a rate of interest not exceeding six per
cent, per annum, any restriction in the charter of
said cityorexistinglaws to the contrary notwith-
standing: Provided, however, That the Govern-
ment of the United States shall, in no event what-
ever, be, either directly or indirectly, liable for
the principal or interest upon any loan which
may be obtained under the provisions of this act;
and the entire revenue of said building shall, after
paying contingent expenses and interest on the
stock, be appropriated to the payment of the
stock issued in accordance with the provisions of
this act: And provided, That the powers herein
granted shall not bo exorcised by said Corporation
until after the second Monday m June next; and
that this act shall, immediately upon its passage,
be published by said Corporation in at least two
newspapers published in the city of Washington,
and be continued until after the Corporation elec-
tion in said city in June next.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, no more
than two hundred and twenty thousand dollars
shall be expended ill building said market-house,
nor shall any contracts be entered into which in-
volve a larger expenditure for the completion of
the same.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in case
this act shall takeeffectas hereinbefore provided,
it shall be so construed as to vest the title to said
lots in said Corporation, so long as the market-
house and apartments shall be continued thereon,
and used for the purpose aforesaid, and no longer.
Approved, May 9, 18G0.
Chap. XL.—An Act to provide payment for dep-
redations committed by the Whites upon the
Shawnee Indians in Xiansas Territory.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That for the purpose of paying claims
of "certain members of the Shawnee tribe of In-
dians, presented to Congress at its present session,
for depredations com mil ted upon their property by
citizens or inhabitants of the United States, there
be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of thirty-six thousand seven hundred and
eleven dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the whole
or such part of said claims as shall be proved to
his satisfaction slrall be adjusted and paid, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, under
the rules and regulations prescribed in the "Act
to regulate trade and intercourse with Indian
tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers," ap-
proved June thirty, eighteen hundred and thirty-
four: Provided, That it shall not be incumbent
upon the parties claimant, from the pecutiar con-
dition of affairs in the Territory of Kansas «ttbfi
time the spoliations were committed, to showthat
the offenders were apprehended and brought to
trial.
Approved, May 9, I860.
Chae. XLYIII.—An Act to carry into effect a
Convention between the United States and the
Republic of Paraguay.
Be in enacted bij the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall appoint a commissioner, whose duty itshall
be, conjointly with a commissioner appointed by
the Government of Paraguay, to investigate, ad-
just, and determine the amount of the claims of
the United States and Paraguay Navigation Com-
pany, against the Government of Paraguay.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a secre-
tary to said commissioner, in behalf of theUnited
States, versed in the English and Spanish lan-
guages.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioner on the part of the United States, in
conjunction with the commissioner on the part of
Paraguay, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized
to make all needful rules and regulations for con-
ducting the business of their said commission;
such rules and regulations not contravening the
Constitution of the United States, the provisions
of. this act, or the provisions of the said conven-
tion.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of the respective officers, for whose
appointment provision is made by this act, shall be
as follows: to the commissioner, in full for his
services, the sum of fifteen hundred dollars; to
the secretary and interpreter, in full for his ser-
vices, the sum of one thousand dollars; and the
President of the United States shall be, and he is
hereby,authorized to make such provision for the
contingent expenses of the said commission on
the part of the United States as shall to him ap-
pear reasonable and proper; and the said compen-
sations and expenses, and likewise all that part
of the compensation and expenses of the umpire
under said convention, which is required thereby
to be defrayed by the United States, shall be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of State is hereby authorized and required
to transmit to the said commission such papers or
records, relating to the business before the said
commission, as he may deem proper, or as may
be called, for by the commissioners; and, at the
termination of the commission, all the records,
documents, and all other papers, which have been
before the commissioners, or in possession of its
secretary, shall be deposited in the Department
of State: Provided, That this section shall not be
so construed as to prevent the commissioner on
the part of Paraguay from depositing in the said
Department certified copies or duplicates of pa-
pers, filed on behalf of his Government, instead
of originals.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the amount
paid out of the Treasury, pursuant to the provis-
ions of this act for carrying the said convention
into effect, shall be retained by the United States
out of the money that may, pursuant to the terms
of said convention, be received from Paraguay,
and that the same be returned to the Treasury of
the United States.
Approved, May 16, 18C0.
