1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line eighteen, after the word " commanders," to
insert " shall have their pay assimilated to their
sea pay, as in other grades, and;" so that the
clause will read:
Wht3n on other duty, commanders bhall liave their pay
assimilated to their sea pay as in other grades, and shall be
entitled to receive one half, and on leave, one fourth of
this additional pay.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Is there a
quorum present? I hope weshallnotgoonamend-
ing this bill in the absence of a quorum. The
Senate is very thin, and the hour is late. I think
we had better adjourn, and let the bill and amend-
ments come up in their proper order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Sergeant-at-Arms reports to the Chair
that there is not a quorum present.
Mr. KING. We are waiting for another pur-
pose, and will not take any question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I insist on my
motion.
Mr. HAUN. I ask the Senate to allow me to
introduce a bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I withdraw
the motion for that purpose.
bill introduced.
Mr. HAUN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 226) authorizing thcappointmcnt of asuitable
person to survey the eastern boundary of the State
of California; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAUN. 1 desire that the bill may be
placed on the Calendar. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwill be placed
there, if no motion be made to refer it.
Mr. PUGH. Is there a bill before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Semite.
Mr.MALLORY. TheNavypaybill isbefore
the Senate,and the questionis on the third amend-
ment. There was a motion made to adjourn,and
that was withdrawn to enable the Senator from
California to introduce his bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms has reported to the Chair that there is
no quorum present, and hence it would not be
proper to transact any business, unless it is deemed
expedient by-the Senate to send the Sergeant-at-
Arms after absentees.
' Mr. DOUGLAS. There is a quorum about.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 27, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. W. Chidlaw, of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved. appropriation bills.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
3) making appropriations for the payment of in-
valid and other pensions of the United States for
the year ending 3Uth June, lyGI; and the bill (H.
R. No. 5) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1861, on which the previous question had
been seconded, and the mam question ordered to
be put.
The said bills were taken up, and severally or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and,
being engrossed, they were subsequently read the
third time, and passed.
cladis of oregon and washington.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by thf Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report the following
resolution, which will go, under the rules, to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the report
of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, in pursuance of a res-
olution of the House passed February 8, 18.">9, in relation to
the claim-' of Oregon and Washington Territories for ex-
pense* incurred in repelling Indian hostilities, he printed
lor the use of the House.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing, under the rules.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
27) for the relief of "William B. Herrick; in which
he was directed to ask* the concurrence of the
House.
Also informing the House that the Senate had
ordered the publication of certain specified docu-
ments.
lands of the new york indians.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
is hereby, requested to report to this House the present con-
dition of the tract of land west of the State of Missouri,
set apart for the New York Indians by the second article
of the treaty with them of January 15,1838, whether the
same has heen surveyed and brought into market as a part
of the publ ic domain, and it so, by what authority the same
has been done; and also to furnish copies of any reports or
decisions which have been made bv Hip Department of the
Interior in reference to the right of the New Xork Indians
to said lands.
liberty of speech and of the press.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution, for
the purposetof reference only.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire whether any, and if any what, legislation is
needed either to establish, or preserve, liberty of speech, or
of the press, in the District of Columbia. Also, whether
any, and if any what, legislation is necessary to protect the
rights of free persons in ^aid District.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, objected.
printing of the presidents message.
Mr. GURLEY. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred the subject of printing the
President's message and the accompanying docu-
ments, have instructed me to report the following
resolutions:
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the House
twenty-five thousand copies of the messjuie of the Presi-
dent of the United States, with the reports proper of heads
of Departments and ch lefs of bureaus connected therewith,
omitting the statistical matters and details accompanying
said reports.
Resolved further, That there be printed in addition, for
the use of the House, five thousand extra copics of the said
message and the accompanying documents.
Mr. GURLEY. These resolutions are an in-
novation upon the precedents of former years to an
extent which I will set forth in few words. It
has been the custom of the House to order the
printing of twenty thousand extra copies of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments, the practical result of which, last year, was
the issue of eighty thousand volumes, containing,
in the aggregate, twenty-nine hundred and fifty-
three pages, at a cost of about sixty thousand
dollars.
"We now propose an issue of twenty-live thou-
sand copies of a book compiled from that, which
contains all that is practically valuable to the peo-
ple at large, excluding details and dry statistics.
These would but serve to increase the size and
number of the books, and add enormously to their
expense without any corresponding benefit. By
the plan nowproposed, whatever is really valu-
able to the general reader in the full book will
reach a larger number of people than heretofore;
for by the old method of publication, you would
have to send three or four large volumes; while,
by the arrangement now proposed, you give the
information in a single book of four or five hun-
dred pages, of a size convenient for the mails and
for handling. The mails now are burdened with
three or four unwieldy volumes, made up for the
most part of details that are of little or no value
to the people at large. But if the change pro-
posed be made, the chief object sought in the pub- j
lication will be fully gained, together with such
advantages, economical and otherwise, as com-
mend themselves to those who desire a decrease
i rather than an increase of the public expenditures.
. In order to inform myself as to the compara-
tive cost of the two methods of publication, I
sought information from the Superintendent of
Public Printing, and received from him the fol-
lowing statement:
Office Superintendent Public Printing,
washington, j*'ei/t<cry 16, i860.
Sir: In compliance with your request, I liavo caused
an estimate to be made forprintmg the message ofthePres-
ident of the United States, at the commencement of the
present session, with the accompanying documents, entire,
in three volumes, and make the result amount to the sum
of #1,943 34 per one thousand copies, or $9,716 70 for five
thousand copies. The proportion for any larger number
will be the same.
For printing an abstract or compendium of the same doc-
ument, as authorized by the Senate, the cost is estimated
at $522 83 per one thousand copies, or $13,055 75 for twenty-
five thousand copies.
These estimates include the cost of paper, printing, and
binding.
Very respectfdSy, yours,
JNO. HEART, Superintendent.
Hon. John A. Gurley, Chairman Committee on Printing)
Mouse of Representatives.
It will be observed, sir, that if we print the
work as it was printed in former years, the cost
would be $38,866 80. On the new plan which we
now propose, the cost will be $22,'771 75; making
a saving to the Government of $16,095 05, and a
saving, in comparison with last year, of over
thirty-seven thousand dollars. ThcSenateadopted
last year the plan whicl^ we now propose; and
they found it to work so well that they have re-
affirmed the plan this year, and have ordered the
printing to be done*as it was done last year.
In order now to obtain the sense of the House
on this subject, I will call the previous question
on my resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion until I propound an interrogatory to him.
Mr. GURLEY. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BURNETT. The information which I
desire is this: under a law of last Congress the
public printing is required to be executed by the
Printer of that House in which it is first ordered.
N^w, I desire to know from the gentleman from
Ohio whether the resolution which he now pro-
poses in regard to the printing of the President's
annual message is the same as that passed by the
Senate; and whether, under his resolution, the
printing of these documents, now ordered, goes to
the Senate Printer or to the House Printer?
Mr. GURLEY. I understand that, under the
law, the printing goes to the Senate Printer.
Mr. BURNETT. That being the case I have
no objection to the resolution; for I agree with the
gentleman from Ohio on the subject of economy.
But it struck me that under his resolution the
House would be ordering the printing of a docu-
ment different from that ordered by the Senate.
Mr. GURLEY. I believe it would not. I
understand it would be precisely the same.
Mr. BURNETT. Well, I want that thing dis-
tinctly understood; because, if the printing ofthis
document is to go to the House Printer, if the type
is to be reset, and all the work done by the House
Printer, instead of by the Senate Printer, we
would not be economizing but incurring an unne-
cessarily large expenditure.
Mr. GURLEY. The cost is to be precisely
that which I have stated to the House.
Mr. BURNETT. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to the resolution.-
IVIr. GURLEY. I renew my demand for the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask one qitestion
in connection .with this matter. If it be true that
this work is to be done by the Senate Printer, and
if it be also true that the same work has been al-
ready done for the Senate—the type set up and
their copies struck off—so that there can be no
charge for double composition, would it not be
cheaper to have our copies printed from the type
set up for the Senate, instead of having double
composition on account of having the matter re-
modeled, and the statistical information taken from
the document?
Mr. GURLEY. Undoubtedly, it would. As
I understand it, we propose to print the same book
precisely as has been printed for the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I understand the gen- *
tleman to say that, in the book printed for the
Senate, this statistical information has been omit-
ted.
Mr. GURLEY. Precisely. That is so.
Mr. FLORENCE. WiU'the gentleman from *
Ohio give way to me for a moment? I just desire
to ask him by whom was this book compiled?
Mr. GURLEY. By the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not intend to offer any
objection to this emasculation of public documents,
and this depriving the people of information whioh
