m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 25,
36th Coxa.... 1st Sess.
Lcna-s of the United States.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act to furnish additional Mail
Facilities.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the sum of twenty-five thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars, out of any money
in the Treasuty not otheiwise appropriated, be
placed at the disposal of the Postmaster General,
for mail service on the new post routes in west-
ern Kansas, authorized by the act of March twen-
ty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty; and that
the sum of four hundred th ousand dollars is hereby
appropriated to be applied on such of the new-
routes established by the act entitled "An act to
establish post routes," [An act to establish certain
postal roads,] approved June eleventh, [four-
teenth,] eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, as the
Postmaster General may deem advisable.
Ap?roved, May 16, I860.
Chap. L.—An Act to create an additional Land
District in Washington Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That, when in the opinion of the Presi-
dent it may be expedient, all the public lands in the
Territory of Washington to which the Indian title
shall have been extinguished or may hereafter be
extinguished, lying east and south of the following
boundaries,shall constitute anew land district to
be called the Columbia River District, viz: Be-
ginning on the boundary line between the United
States and the British possessions and on the
summit of the Cascade mountains, at the neaiest
range line to the east line of range twelve, thence
south on the nearest range lines on the summitof
said mountains to line dividing townships ten and
eleven north, thence west to the line dividing
ranges six and seven west, thence north on said
line to the third standard parallel, thence west to
Shoal Water bay, thence wuh the Shoal Water
bay, including any islands therein, to the Pacific
—the western boundary of said district above the
line dividing ranges ten and eleven and on the
summit of the Cascade mountains, to bo adjusted
by the Department of the Interior as near the
points before given as is consistent with the lines
of the public surveys—and the President shall be
authorized hereafter from time to time, as cir-
cumstances may require, to adjust the boundaries
of the land districts in said Territory and remove
the offices when the same shall be expedient.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
or during the recess thereof, and until the end of
the next session after such appointment, a regis-
ter and receiver for said district who shall be re-
quired to reside at the site of the land office, be
subject to the same laws, and entitled to the same
compensation as is or may hereafter be prescribed
by law in relation to the existing land office and
officers in said Territory.
Approved, May 1G, 18(30.
Chap. LI.—An Act to amend the Act to incorpo-
rate the Provident Association of Clerks in the
Civil Departments of the Government of the
United States m the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the charter of the Provident Asso-
ciation of Clerks be, and the same is hereby, so
amended thatany member of the association may>
on giving one month's notice to the president aud
board of officers, withdraw from the association,
and receive out of the funds and assets of the asso-
ciation such yum as the president and boau! of offi-
cers of the said association mny consider just and
equitable: but m no case to exceed the amount he
may have contributed, with interest at the rate of
six per centum, nor Ins distributive share of the
entire assets, if distributed pro rata to family in-
terest at the time of such withdrawal.
Approved, May 22, 1860.
Chap, LVL—An Act to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty.
Be it enacted by th? Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the folio wing sums be, and the s:ime
are hereby, appropriated, to supply deficiencies in
the appropriations for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty,
out of any money in the Treasury, not otherwise
appropriated:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary ii>
the service of the Senate, viz:
For the Chaplain of the Senate, seven hundred
and fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate and
House of Representatives, miscellaneous items,
viz:
For expenses of select committees, nine thou-
sand dollars; and for the payment of expenses of
the several investigatingcommitteesof the House
of Representatives, forty-eight thousand dollars;
and also for the payment of the expenses of wit-
nesses rummoned, or to be summoned, before the
Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-
resentatives during the present session, twelve
thousand dollars; and that tho said sums shall be
added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the House.
For expenses of the heating and ventilating
apparatus, including pay of engineers, firemen,
laborers, fuel, oil, tools, three thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
Contingent expenses of the House of Repre-
sentatives:
For furniture, repairs, and boxes for members,
ten thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, four'
thousand dollars.
For stationery, six thousand dollars.
For laborers, one thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For folding documents, ten thousand dollars.
For the compensation of the draughtsman and
clerks employed on the land maps, clerks to com-
mittees, and temporary clerks in the office of the
House of Representatives, five thousand dollars:
Provided, That from and after the thirtieth of
June next all employment of draughtsman and
clerks upon land maps shall cease.
For additional pa^es authorized by the House
of Representatives, three thousand three bundled
and forty-four dollars.
For miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For new carpet on the hall of the House of
Representatives, four thousand seven hundred and
twenty-nine dollars and six cents.
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for cajh member and Dele-
gate of the first session of the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress, thirty-four thousand eight hundred and
forty-eight dollars.
For bindingtwenty-four copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for each member and
Delegate of the first session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, thirteen thousand nine hundred and
thirty-nine dollars and twenty cents.
For reporting debates of the first session of the
TJiirty-Sixth Congress, twenty-three thousand
dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House and Senate for the Con-
giessional Globe forroporting tho proceedings of
the House and Senate for the first session of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, eight hundred dollars
each, seven thousand two hundred dollars.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
printing, dry-pressing, inserting maps and plates,
and bindingdocumentsordered during the Thirty-
Third, Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth,and Thirty-
Fifth Congresses, nineteen thousand tluee hun-
dred and eighty-one do.'ars and ninety-eight cents.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for paper inquired f« r the printing of the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, fifty thousand
dollars.
To supply the deficiency in the appropriation
for printing required for the first session of the
Tiiiity-Sixih Congress, forty thousand dollars.
To provide for the blanks and other printing,
and the paper for the same, required preliminary
to taking the eighth census, twenty-nine thousand
dollars.
For payment of the unpaid expenses incurred'
in altering the arrangements of the Hall of the
House of Representatives, under the order of the
House, three thousand seven hundred dollars;
and the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, directed to settle
the accounts of Captain Meigs, late superintend-
ent of the Capitol extension, for his expenditures
in altering the arrangements and seats of the Hall
of the House of Representatives according to the
order of the House, and paid by him, according
to his vouchers,for such expenditures, not to ex-
ceed the sum of fourteen thousand three hundied
and seventy-six dollars and ninety-seven cents.
Department of State.
_ For compensation to the interpreter to the mis-
sion to Japan, from the first January to the thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty, one thou-
sand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For the relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
To defray the expenses of such delegates as
may be appointed by the President of the United
States, on the part of this Government, to attend
a meefingof the International Statistical Congress,
which is to meet in London in July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, five thousand dollars.
War Department.
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, in the office of the Surgeon Gen-
eral, two hundred dollars.
JVdi'i/ Department.
For the charter of the Toey-wan, used in the
transportation of the minister to China, to asccnd
the Peiho river, foity-five thousand dollars.
For preparing for publication the American
Nautical Almanac, five thousand dollars.
For Survey of the Public Lands.
For smveying liabilities incurred by the late
surveyor general of Oregon during the fiscal vear
ending thirtieth Juno, eighteen hundred and fifty-
nine, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying liabilities incurred by the Into
surveyor general of Kanas ami Nebraska during
the fiscal year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying liabilities menrred 'by the late
surveyor general of California prior to the thiiti-
eth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
To pay George G. Durham for twenty-two
months' service as a clerk in the office of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, the sum of twenty-
five hundred and sixty-six dollars and fifty-two
cents.
To supply deficiences m the appropriations for
payment of the late Indian agents in Utah, (Hurt,
Armstrong, Rose, and Bedell,) upon settlement
of their accounts, fifty-three thousand and seven
dollars and thirty-five cents.
Approved, May 24, I860.
Chap. LVfl.—An Act making Appropriations
for the construction of certain Military Roads
in the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by ike Senate and House of Rcpre-
seniafi-^esof the United States of <luxerica in Coig> ets
assembled, That there be appropriated out of any
money in the Treaswy not otherwise appropri-
ated, the following sums, to be expended, under
the direction of the War Department, in the con-
struction of the following named miiitaiy loads
in the Territory of Washington, to wit:
From Foit Benton to Walla Wailn. the sum of
one hundred thousand doliais, (SlOO,COO.)
From Steilaeoom to Fort Vancouver, the sum
often thousand dollars, 010,000.) to be expanded
exclusively on that p.>; tion between Cowlitz river
and Monticello.
Approved, May 25, 1800.
Ciiap. LX.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Consular and Diplomatic Expenses of the
Government for the year ending tho thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and
foi other purposes.
Be it cnacttd by lh* Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropnated, out of any money
