900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
fourteenth congressional district of the State of
Ohio a member of this House; a position he did
not live to fill, but which he would have adorned
with sterling integrity, sound common sense, and
high-toned patriotism. •
Mr. Spink came into the State of Ohio without
means and unsurrounded by friends; he lived to
obtain a competency of the one and an abundance
of the other. His life and example will ever be
saying to the young men of the nationbe honest,
industrious, upright, persevering, devoted to the
free institutions of your country, and the highest
Jfbnors of the Republic shall be yours." In all
the positions of public trust Cyros Spink was
called upon to fill, he illustrated the truth of that
sentiment, "an honest man is the noblest work
of God." He was a devout believer in the Chris-
tian religion; and for the last twenty years of his
life was an honored member of the Baptist church,
taking a lively interest in the progress of Christian-
ity throughout the world, and endeavoring to con-
form his life to the sublime teachings of Christ and
His apostles. Death, Mr. Speaker, knows no sec-
tions, and is no respecter of persons; the high and
the low, the rich and the poor, are alike the sub-
jects of his demands, aiid all must bow to his in-
exorable mandates. Sir, this is the fourth time
since the election of this Congress our ranks have
been invaded by that grim monster; and now
Harris and Gooue, Broderick and Spink are num-
bered with the dead. Sir, if these repeated lessons
on man's mortality shall lead us to God, and
enable us to perform our whole duty to man, they
will not have been given in vain, nor lost to the
country.
Mr. Speaker, the moral character, together with
the position of Cyrus Spink, at the time of his
death, entitle his memory to some signal mark of
our approbation and admiration. I therefore
move the adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of this House, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memoiy of Hon. Cyihjs Spink, deceased, late a Represent-
ative from the State of Ohio, will go into mourning by
wean nix ciape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings in relation to the death
of lion. Cyrus Spink, he lorvvarded by the Clerk of this
to the widow of the deceased.
Resolved, That as a lurthcrmaikof respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a copy of the
foregoing proceedings to the Senate.
Mv. CURTIS. General Cyrus Spink, the hon-
orable member elect, whose demise has just been
announced by his honorable successor, com-
menced his manly career in Wayne county, Ohio,
when savage hordes still held the infant settle-
ments of the Northwest in dread and danger. Be-
yond and around this little clearing, extended for
liundrcdsof miles westward, in almost unbroken
continuity, avast, unexplored, and gloomy forest.
This wilderness was the camp and battle-ground
of Indian wairiors which crossed the way of em-
pire, and must be destroyed. Those who have
never seen the great American forest in its native
magnitude, as it existed in 1815, will never see the
most sublime picture in the world, and can form
no conception of the sacrifice of life and labor
involved in its subjugation. For the last fifty years
the axman's steady blows have wasted and worn
it away, and the great forest, and the pioneers who
strove against it, now m older in a common grave.
General Spink participated in the privations,
exposures, and toil, that wrought the mighty
change in the county and State of his adoption.
That great forest, the Indian wigwam, the savage
beasts, and savage men, have given place to cul-
tivated fields, populous towns, lowing herds, intel-
ligent citizens, and all the industrial, social, and
happy incidents of a refined civilization.
This transformation of the grejit American wil-
derness to the condition of fertile fields and modern
civilization, is the great historic achievement of
the last fifty years m the Northwest; and he who
faithfully records the scenes of privation, toil, and
danger incident to that history, will place the
name of Cyrus Spijtk among the leaders in Wayne
county; and posterity will erect enduring monu-
ments to the memory of him and his associates.
In 1842.1 became a resident of Wooster, where I
soon made the acquaintance of her distinguished
cittzcn, nowherdeceaseu and lamented Represent-
ative. He wu;> then in the full vigor of life; aleading
man and prosperous merchant. Western mer-
eh;n}s mv a distinctive, wolf-constituted, eonsert a-
tive class of men. They have no resemblance or
relation to the ancient Venetian or modern commer-
cial merchant princes; butunostentatious,they are
generally men of probity, integrity, prudence,
and success. Satisfied with moderate gams, they
embark in no fictitious hazards; but supply their
neighbors with all kinds of merchandise, and be-
come familiar and friendly with all the surround-
ing classes of men. They are the leaders of so-
ciety, the deacons of the church, the founders of
schools, the directors of banks and railroads, and
the arbiters of accounts and controversies among
their confiding friends.
General Spink, when I knew him, was a good
type of this class of men. He took part in every-
thing that related to the public weal. He was a
man of easy circumstances, commanding address,
gentlemanly deportment, and prominent in all
public assemblies.
In politics, he was emphatically a Henry Clay
Whig; an elector in 1844, with whom I had the
honor to canvass; and so devoted was he to the
Sage of Ashland, he reluctantly submitted to the
nomination of General Taylor in 1848. In those
days, the summit counties ofOhio, whichincluded
Wayne, were intensely Democratic; and Democ-
racy then moved with undivided and invincible
forces. But gradually, political revolutions placed
General Spink at the head of a successful party,
which lie assisted in organizing; and, as a just
tribute to his talents and fidelity, he was clected
to this Thirty-Sixth Congress.
His life, in my judgment, was a complete suc-
cess; for I am told this distinction was the sum-
mit of his political ambition. It is sad to think
he did not live to enter upon the duties of a Rep-
resentative, for he would have done credit to him-
self, and we would have been proud of such a
peer.
But the ways of Providence are inscrutable.
Before the day of our assembling, he was sum-
moned to a higher tribunal, and his successor is
here to fill his temporal station, and announce his.
sad demise.
Wooster is draped in a mantle of mourning.
Many of her noblest sons have, within a few past
yeais, gone to their final account. A Bell, a Stiobs,
a Sloan, a Bissell, a Hemphill, and now General
Spink, all distinguished actors, fresh m my mem-
ory, and well known throughout a large portion
of Ohio, are reposing in the silent city of the dead.
In the ordering of a merciful and mysterious Provi-
dence, 1, a friend and survivor, have been called
on to unite in the usual honors accorded to public
men. I mingle m the sorrows of the afflicted, and
I tender an humble, but giatcful tribute of respect
to the memory of departed worth.
Mr. Speaker, I second the resolutions of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can add but little to what
has already been said in memory of my deceased
friend and colleague. Most of those who join in
this mark of respect had no personal acquaint-
ance with the deceased. They but add the com-
mon tribute to a fellow-member, called but a little
while before us to the company of the dead.
I have known General Spixk from my boyhood.
His ntanly form is now before mc, as distinct in
my memory, as you, sir, or any of our associates
around me, is distinct to my view. He was not
a great man in the sense in which that term is
used. The flashes of genius did not disturb his
judgment, nor the fierce energy of ambition con-
sume his strength, or consign his name to the ad-
ulation of friends, or the hate of foes. He was a
just man; a man who performed all the duties of
an active life without fear and without reproach.
Trained in the early days of Ohio, when the life
of a pioneer was a continual war with uncultivated
nature, he lived to sec the forest give way before
the labor of a hardy race; the rude log hut super-
seded by the comfortable mansion, and scattered
settlements commenced in a wilderness rising into
cities, towns, and villages.
In this contest of civilization he was not an idle
spectator; he performed a full part. If he did not
conquer a land flowing with milk and honey; he,
and those like him, made one. He was fond of
narrating the adventures of the early settlers. His
conversation was a local history. Added to the
information he acquired by his intercourse with
li men, he had read much, and commimicatcd his
!5 information with a genial humor that always made
himafavorite, especially with youngmen. When
elected a member of this House, he was approach- .
ing the period allotted by Providence as the du-
ration of useful human life; and yet, until a short
time before his death, his erect form and healthy
appearance gave but few indications of his ap-
proaching end. If he had lived to add the personal
acquaintance of his fellow-membeis to the testi-
mony of his friends, the death of but few of out-
number would have caused more personal grief.
He would have been true to his party associates,
and yet kind and forbearing to all. He com-
menced his political life as a supporter of Pres-
ident Monroe; was attached to the Whig party
during its existence, and, at his death, was an
earnest Republican.
FirrJ, but moderate, he would never have al-
lowed his political or personal feelings to have
moved him from the line of duty. A true lover
of his country, and ever obedient to law, he would
have performed-every duty and yielded every
right, and, in return, would have demandedalike
obedience from others.
When he was elected, I naturally associated his
name as one of a triumvirate of Ohio early set-
tlers and most worthy citizens, called from the
retirement of private life to take part in the stormy
scenes of this Hall. Two of them were boys in
the Territory before the State was born; they
were a part of a scattered population of twenty-
five thousand white citizens in the Northwest Ter-
ritory, now become the home of more than seven
million of free, happy, and intelligent people. I
trusted to their moderation and conservative feel-
ing to temper the excitement of political strife; to
remind us that a race of sturdy men have devel-
oped what we are required to preserve. One of
them has been called to that mysterious realm
through whose darkening gloom reason cannot
guide us; but he has left to his colleagues and
friends an example of rectitudo and Christian
purity demanding our respcct and worthy of our '
emulation.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and thereupon (at half past four o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Tuesday, February 28, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, communi-
cating, in obedience to law, statements showing
the number and designation of passengers arriving
in th« United States during the year 1859; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
21st instant, information relative to the expendi-
ture of the appropriation for the repairs of the
light-house and pier at Chicago, Illinois; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion of
Mr. Trumbull to print the report was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Eunice
Church, a widow, and formerly widow of Joshua
Lambert, a seaman in the naval service, who died
of wounds received in battle, praying for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New Orleans,
praying an immediate appropriation for continu-
ing the work on the custom-nouse at that place;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
Kcrr,Bricrly & Co., praying indemnity for losses
sustained in consequence of Indian hostilities
while freighting goods, &c., to Salt Lake, Utah
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON presented five petitions ot
manufacturers, colliers, merchants, farmers, me-
chanics, miners, and laborers, of Sehuylk:1!
county, Pennsylvania, praying such change in
the tariff as shall afford protection to the indus-
trial and productive interests of the country, the
