1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
abolition or a radical change in the warehouse
system, and a substitution of specific for ad va-
lorem duties: which were referred to the Commit-
tee oti Finance.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of the owners
of land under the Houmas grant, protesting against
ate repeal of the second section of the act of June
2, 1858, and praying the repeal of the joint reso-
lution of March 3, 1859; which was referred to
the select committee appointed on that subject.
Mr. MALLORY presented an additional paper
m favor of continuing the mail service by the
steamship Isabel between Charleston and Ha-
vana, via Savannah and Key West; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of the administrator of Calvin Read;
which were referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That Alien J. Carter have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers* from the files of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yesterday received,
among other papers, a petition from citizens of
St. Catharines, Canada West, which I inadvert-
ently presented. That should have taken another
direction. It should have gone to the Executive
Department. I ask the consent of the Senate to
withdraw that petition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, leave will be granted to withdraw the peti-
tion.
Leave was granted.
DIPLOMATIC COSTUME.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be le-
quested, if in his opinion not incompatible with the public
interest, to furnish to the Senate copies of all instructions',
pa^t and present, with regard to the uniform or costume ot
persons in the diplomatic or consular service, and also any
correspondence with reference thereto.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate, if riot incom-
patible with the public interest, a copy of any report which
may have been received trom the commissioner on the
part of the United States for marking the boundary, pur-
suant to the first article of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, of the 15th of June, 1846, show-
ing the present condition of that work.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Captain Charles H. Humber,
of the Army, praying to be allowed a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 227) for the relief of Laura C. Humber,
widow of Charles H. Humber. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Valentine Wehrhcim,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted a re-
port. accompanied by a bill (S. No. 228) for the
relief of Valentine Wehrheim. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 150) for the relief of Madison Sweetser, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POWELL, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of An-
gelina C. Bowman, widow.of Captain Francis L.
Bowman, of the Army, praying to be remuner-
ated for the expense of conveying the remains of
her husband home in Pennsylvania, and to be al-
lowed a pension, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 229) for the relief of Angelina
C. Bowman, wuknv of Francis L. Bowman, late
captain in the United States Army. The bill was
riad, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee oil Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 9*5) for the relief of Elizabeth Montgom-
ery, heir of Hugh Montgomery, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which j
was oidered to be printed.
Mr. BRAGG, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Eliza E.
Ogden, praying for an equitable allowanc'e of per
centage on certain disbursements made by her late
husband, Major Edmujid A. Ogden, for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities, while acting as as-
sistant quartermaster in the Army of the United
States, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom were referred reports ofthe Court ofClaims
on the claim of Robert Harrison and the claim of
Letitia Humphreys, and a memorial of Lelitia
Humphreys, administratrix of Andrew Atkinson,
deceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No.-230) declaratory of the acts for carrying
into effect the ninth article of the treaty between
the United States and Spain. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom the subject was
referred, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 231) to refund to the State of Georgia cer-,
tain moneys paid by said State to Peter Trezvant,
the legal representative of Robert Farquhar. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the me-
morial of the Chamber of Commerce, of New
York, on the subject of international law as to
damages resulting from collisions at sea, reported
in favor of printing the usual number; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print five thousand
additional copies of the report of the Postmaster
General, showing the amount of postage received
in each State and Territory, annually, since 1840,
reported 111 favor of printing three thousand addi-
tional copies of the report; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the import of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
of the contingent expenses of the War Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1859, asked
to be discharged "from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a return of the militia of the United States,
and of their arms, accouterments, and ammuni-
tion, for the year 1859 , asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, a statement of the contingent expenses of
the military establishment for the year 1859, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered the printing of the following
documents, on February 28, 1860:
Letter ofthe Secretary of the Treasury, ill an-
swer to a resolution of the House, calling for in-
formation as to whether there are defalcations by
collectors of customs in the State ot Illinois—
ordered at twelve o''clock and fourteen minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of State, communicat-
ing statements showing the number and designa-
tion of passengers arriving in the United Suites
during the year 1859—ordered at twelve o 'clock
and twelve minutes.
Message of the President of the United States,
ill compliance with a resolution of the House, call-
ing for a copy of a letter of the Emperor of France
on the subject of commerce and free trade—or-
dered at twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of State, asking an ap-
propriation for additional compensation of the
Commissioner to China, and for salaries ofthe
consuls in China—ordered at twelve o'clock and
twenty minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior, suggest-
ing: an appropriation for the detection and bring-
ing to trial of persons engaged in counterfeiting
the coin of the United States—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting a report and other clocuments in explanation
ef certain estimates for the Indian service—ordered
at twelve o'clock and twenty minutes.
SALE OF ARMS.
Mr. DAVIS. If there be no business before the
Senate, I ask them to take up a bill, which has
been sevesal times considered and not concluded—
Senate bill No. 45. I think it is desirable that
there should be prompt action on it, and I desire
the Senate to take that action this morning.
Mr. MASON. I have a very earnest desire that
the bill should be acted on, but I advise the Sena-
tor that it wants but two minutes of the hour ap-
propriated to the special order in executive ses-
sion.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms to
the several States and Territories, and to regulate
theappointmentof superintendents of the national
armories; the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Hale to strike out the second section,
as follows:
Sec. 2. Jlttd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act approved August 5,18.54, as authorizes the appointment
oi a civilian as superintendent of each of the national armo-
ries, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and that the su-
perintendents of these armories shall hereatter be selected
from officers of the ordnance corps.
Mr. HALE. I listened the other day to the
remarks made by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] whom I do not see in his scat now,
and who made a very earnest and able speech, as
he always does, on this subject, and spoke of the
peculiar propriety and great fitness that there was
of giving those appointments to the graduates of
the Military Academy at WesfPoint, because of
their peculiar qualifications for the manufacture of
arms, and for such mechanical labor as is carried
on in these establishments. I took the pains to
send to the office of the Secretary to get one of the
catalogues of theWest Pom t Academy, and looked
over very carefully the list of studies thftt were
pursued there, to see what peculiar branch it was
that gave these young gentlemen such peculiar
skill m those mechanical arts which are brought
Jnio exercise in the manufacture of arms, and I
confess that I could not see any. I wish the Sena-
tor was in his seat, so that wo might have the
benefit of an explanation on that point from him.
I have no disposition to disparage West Point.
I have no doubt that it is a very good institution
in its way; but I think, if you take those cadets,
you will find, in regard to ninety-nine out of a
hundred of them,tliat their education has been
such that they would very much prefer to have
their hands encased in kid gloves, and to be doing
the duties of a ball-room, to goins; into a greasy
mechanic's shop, and taking hold of those tools
and doing that sort  f work which is usually done
in the manufacture of arms 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be good enough to suspend a moment. The Chair
must call up the special order at this hour
Mr. MASON. I am obliged to ask for the
special order, but with very great reluctance.
Mr. HALE. Well, what I have to say will
keep. [Laughter.1
Mr. MASON. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DAVIS. It is quite apparent that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire has to deliver himself
of remarks which have no application to the bill.
He has engaged in a discussion with the Senator
from Maine. "His remarks are utterly inapplicable
to anything which is in the bill; and, as he has to
deliver himself, I think the Senate had better let
him be relieved at once.
Mr. HALE. I will show that I am in earnest
about this. There was a very serious investiga-
tion,and a pamphlet of some three or four hundred
pages printed by the report of a committee, and
yesterday one of these mechanics came to me, and
put that report in my hands. I have not had time
to examine it; but the facts are there, I am told,
such as will convince any Senator, who is willing
to be convinced, that this section ought not to be-
come a law. I give way to public duty.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
