902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
utive business; and, after some time spent therein,
the do^rs were reopened.
DEATH OF HON. CYRUS SPINK.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Hayes, Chief
Clerk:
In the House or Represrntatives.
February 27, I860.
Resolved, That the members of this House, from a sin-
cere desire of showing every mark of respect due to the
memory of Hon. Cyrus Spink, deceased, late a Representa-
tive from the State of Ohio, will go into mourning by wear-
ing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved. That the proceedings in relation to the death
«f Hon. Cyrus Spink, be forwaided hy the Clerk of this
House to the widow of the deceased.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, thw House do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk communicate a copy of the fore-
goimfpiocmini^s to the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a sin-
eeie desire ot showing every mark of respect due to the
njemorj of Hon. Cyrus Spink, deceased, late a Represent-
ative oiect from the State of Ohio, will ijo into mourning
by wearing ciapp on the lolt aim for thirt} d;u=.
'Rewired unanimously, That, a-; a further mark of ies-pect
for the memory ol tin* docear-od, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. President, 1 have offered these resolutions
in obedience to the demands of a custom which I
believe is almost coeval with the Government
itself; and, whatsoever individual members may
think of the propriety of such a custom, no one
will feel at liberty to disregard it, until the Sen-
ate itself, without reference to any particular case,
shall think proper to alter or abrogate italtogether.
Cyrus Spink was born in Berkshire county, m
the State of Massachusetts, on the 24th day of
March, 1793. His parents were of the revolu-
tionary peiiod, and his father took an active; pait
in that great struggle for American independence.
He participated actively and honorably m many
of the most obstinate battles of that heroic age.
But like many of the soldiers of the revolutionary
army, he came out of the service poor, and with-
out the means of gmnghis children a liberal edu-
cation. But they inherited from him that which
is far more valuable than wealthy or even educa-
tion; that is, strong, vigorous, and comprehen-
sive minds, sound and healthy constitutions, and
«n unwaveung love of justice. With habits of
industry, self-denial, and self-reliance, he never
doubted his §bjhty to accomplish whatever his
judgment approved.
Fully imbued with these principles and quali-
fications, the deceased, in the spring of 1815, em-
igrated to Ohio, «vhich was, at that time, but a
wilderness, destitute of all the luxuries, and most
of the conveniences, of civilized life. Such was
the theater on which this young man, a stran-
ger, without wealth and without friends, had
chosen to enact the drama of life; and well, Mr.
President, has he prrfornvcl his part. A year
had not elapsed, in his new home, before the in-
telligent and discriminating people of the county-
m which he lived discoveied his merits, and ele-
vated him to an important public trust: and from
that day to the day of his death he hardly ceased
to hold some honorable position, evincing the
love and confidence of the people. Perhaps, after
all that can be said, no higher eulogy can be pro-
nounced on any man, than that an intelligent
people, in whose service he has spent the best
portion of a long life, and whose character is,
consequently, known to all, join with alacrity in
elevating him to the highest office in their gift.
Thiy was eminently true of the deceased. His
death is deeply deplored by his constituents as a
public loss, while lug private character is beyond
all praise. No man ever left more sincere and
devoted friends to mourn his decease.
Such, Mr. President, was Cyrus Spink, a char-
acter truly American. No other country could
have formed and developed the like. Springing'
from the humblest walks of the people, and rising
bv his own unaided merits to one of the highest
offices in the Government, though by no means
unusual m our country, is always significant, and
should not fail to inspire our young men with re-
newed veneration for our institutions, and resolu-
tion to defend them against every danger to their
purity or perpetuity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on agreeing to the
resolutions submitted by the Senator from Ohio.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 28, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Cutter.
^The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM TII€ PRESIDENT.
*
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent', laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives: v
In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 16th instant, requesting
a copy of the letter of the Emperor of France upon
the subject of commerce and free trade, I transmit
a report from the Secretary of State, to whom the
resolution was referred.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington", February 25, 1860.
Mr. BARKSDALE moved that the message and
accompanying report be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLECTORS OF CUSTOMS IN ILLINOIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following communication lrom the Secretary of the
Treasury:
Treasury^-Department, February 24. I860.
In reply to the lesolution of the Hou-e of Representa-
tives, ol "the 16th instant, that the Secretaiv of the Treas-
ury be directed to inlorin this House whether or not there
be any defalcation ot the collectors of custom*, m the State
of lllinoh. in the pawnent over of public moneys by them
collected: «md, it so, to state the names of such officer.*,
and the amount of such defalcation, 1 have the honor to
state that tins Depaitment is not aware ot any such defal-
cation by collectors ot custom*, in the State of Illinois. I
would further state that the delay m not answering the res-
olution more promptly was occasioned by an investigation
into the accounts of those officer, which has resulted in
developing no defalcation on their part.
\ have the honor to be, very rcspoctUiIiv, vour obedient
servant, HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
The communication was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
REFERENCE OF MESSAGE.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Telecommunication oftho
President with refeience to the letter of the French
Emperor, it strikes me, on reflection, ought to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I there-
fore move to reconsider the vote by which it was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It seems to me that
the original resolution introduced, calling for this
letter, called for it for the benefit of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. I may be mistaken, but that
is my impression.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It relates dircctly to
commerce and free trade.
Mr. VALLAND1G1 JAM. It was not my in-
tention that it should go to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, for that is not the appropriate com-
mittee, in my judgment; but rather thatitshould
go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I am satisfied that it
ought to go to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. It will be so referred, if there
is no objection.
There was no objection; and it was referred
accordingly.
EMPLOYES IN HOUSE POST OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster of the House
of Representatives, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the lGth
instant, furnishing a statement of the number of
pei sons employed in the post office of the Ilouse
i of Representatives; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
CHAPLAIN.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer a privileged resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for informa-
tion.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows*
Resolved. That fii< Hou-e will proceed to-morrow, at one
o'clock, p in., to electa Chaplain, who shall olhciate during
the present Con{:r"s^. alternately with the Chaplain already
elected by ihe Senate.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not consider that as a
privileged question.
Mr. MILLSON. I thought it likely the gen-
tleman would object to the resolution: but, sir, I
think he has objected prematurely. He had bet-
ter withhold his objection until the vote is taken
on the adoption of the resolution. It is a resolu-
tion offered to complete the organization of the
House, and is therefore undoubtedly a questiolF
of privilege.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia may be correct in his statement that a Chap-
lain is an officer of the House, necessary to com-
plete its organization, but I would be glad to know
where he gets his authority. If there is anything
m the Constitution, anything in the laws, any-
thing in the rules of this House, authorizing the
election*of a Chaplain, and making his election
necessary for a complete organization of this
House, I have never seen it. If the gentleman
knows of any such authority, I hope that he will
furnish it to the House. The House ought to
have the information.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, all resolutions
relating to the convenienccandaccommodation of
the House, and to the convenience and accommo-
dation of the individual members, have always
been regarded as constituting privileged resolu-
tions. For that reason, a resolution of adjourn-
ment is a privileged resolution.
The gentleman from Kentucky asks whether
the rules provide for the election of a Chaplain. I
tell the gentleman that, from the foundation of the
Government until the present day, from the first
Congress—even from the first Congress under the
Confederation, before the adoption of the present
Constitution—the House of Representatives has
elected a Chaplain as a part of its organization.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the resolution be
again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BURNETT. That resolution is not a priv-
ileged resolution, and is not, therefore, in order,
objection being made. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will look to the past history and the past
action of the country, he must find that, at the
last session of Congress, when we passed a reso-
lution inviting the resident clergy of this city to
alternate in opening this House with prayer, that
resolution was offered and admitted only by unan-
imous consent. That character of resolution
would, I have no doubt, be admitted and passed
this morning.
And, Mr. Speaker, I take this occasion of say-
ing that tins tiling of electing a Chaplain for this
House, as 1 have seen it done—a system of elec-
tioneering entered into by ministers of the Gospel
for the purpose of being elected Chaplain—is ob-
jectionable, and ought to receive the condemnation
of members of this House.
Mi. MILLSON. I object to debate. If the
resolution is debatable, I claim the floor myself.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is clear in his
opinion on the subject. While he would be glad to
put the resolution to a vote of the House, yet, the
question of order being raised, he must decide
that the resolution is not a privileged question,
and, objection being made, cannot be received.
PAPERS PRINTED.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports.
Mr.SHERMAN. Iaminstructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to move that the fol-
lowing communications be ordered to be printed,
•rind referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means:
A communication from the Secretary of State,
asking an appropriation of £9,000" for additional
compensation of the Commissioner to China, and
for salaiies of the consuls in China for one year
and a half, that is, from the 1st July, 1*55, and
31st December, 1856;
A communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in regard to certain estimates of appro-
priations required for the Indian service for the
year ending the 30th June, I860, with accompa-
nying papers: and
"A communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, suggesting a special appropriation, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, for detecting and bringing to trial
