482
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 16,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
dollars, or so much thereof as has riot been here-
tofore paid, appropriated by the act of March
third, anno Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, for the payment of the expenses of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Minne-
sota, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be paid to the State of Min-
nesota.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap.CXXXIX.—An Act to relinquish the Title
of the United Status to certain Lands occupicd
by the city of Baton Rouge, in Louisiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all the right, title, interest, or
claim of the United States m and to the land occu-
pied by the city of Baton Iiouge, in the State of
Louisiana, lying between Florida street on the
north and the South Boulevard on the south, as
shown by an original map of said city, on file in
the office of the clei'k of the sixth judicial district
court of Louisiana, at East Baton Rouge, on the
fourteenth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty,
be, and the same is hereby, relinquished to the
Mayor and Council of the citv of Baton Rouge,
in trust for the several use and benefit of the own-
ers of lots therein, according to their respective
interests: Provided, This act shall only be con-
strued as quit claim on the part of the United
States, and shall not affect the interests of third
parties, nor preclude a judicial investigation in
relation to the title to all or any portion of the
lands hereby relinquished.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXL.—An Act to change the name of the
Ship Rockall to Massachusetts.
Be it enacted by (he Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the name of the American built
ship Rockall, of Boston, purchased by the State
of Massachusetts for service as aschool ship, be,
and the same is hereby, changed to Massachu-
setts; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and directed to issue the necessary
papers in accordance with this act.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
^Chap. CXLI.—An Act recognizing the survey
of the Grand Cheniere Island, State of Louis-
iana, as approved by the Surveyor General,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the anomalous survey of the
Grand Cheniere Island, in the southwestern dis-
trict of Louisiana, as approved by R. W. Boyd,
surveyor general, on the twenty-eighth day of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, be,
and the same is hereby, confirmed; and persons
residing thereon at the date of this act who, ac-
cording to the preemption laws now in force,
would be entitled to a preemption, shall be allowed
such right on the lunus referred to in this bill; but
such preference right shall be confined to the sin-
gle subdivision of land upon which the party may
reside, and shall exceed, in no case, one hundred
and sixty acres.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXLII.—An Act to amend an Act approved
the third day of March, one thousand eight
hundred and forty seven, entitled " An Act to
establish a Port of Entry at Saluna, in the State
of Texas, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the surveyor of customs of the
port of Corpus Christi, in the district of Saluria,
in the State ofTexas,be,and the same is hereby,
discontinued, and a deputy collector shall be ap-
pointed, according to law, for the said port of
Corpus Christi, with the same powers as the dep-
uty collectors at Aransas and Sabine, within said
State, as provided in sections third and fourth of
the act of which this is the amendment. The
compensation of the deputy collector at Corpus
Christi shall be at the rate of five hundred dollars
per annum and the fees prescribed by law; not to
exceed, in the aggregate, in any one year, the
sum of fifteen hundred dollars.
Approved, June 16,1860.
Chap. CXLIII.—An Act for the Relief of Con-
gressional Township Number Two north, of
Range Number Nine west, of the fourth prin-
cipal Meridian, in Adams County, State of Illi-
nois.
Whereas section number sixteen, in township
number two north, of range nine west, of the
fourth principal meridian, in Adams county, Illi-
nois, is located in a lake, or pond, and is, in con-
sequence thereof, wholly unfitforcultivation, and
is worthless to the inhabitants of said township
for school purposes: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the school trustees for the said
township be, and they are hereby, authorized to
select one section of land in legal subdivisions of
any of the public lands of the United States sub-
ject to entry or sale at the minimum price of one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when the
same shall have been selected by the trustees afore-
said, and a description thereof returned to and
approved by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, a patent or patents shall issue there-
for to the inhabitants of the said congressional
township, and shall be held and disposed of by
them for the use of schools within the said con-
gressional township, in the same manner as other
school lands are held and disposed of.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
section sixteen, in the township aforesaid, shall
revert to and invest in the United States, and be
disposed of in the same manner as other public
lands.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the Missionary Society of the Methodist
Episcopal Church, the sum of twenty thousand
dollars, upon filing in the proper Department a
release to the United States, to be approved by
the Attorney General, of all claim to the land
embraced within the limits of the military reser-
vation at the Dalles, in Oregon Territory, and of
all claim for damages for destruction of property
on or near the said land by the United States
troops or volunteers or Indians, at any time ante-
rior to the date of said release.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CLV1I.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Currentand Contingent Expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling Treaty
Stipulations with various Indian Tribes, for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury nor otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes.
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, viz.:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs,
and of the several Indian agents, per acts of fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-eighth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, thirty- \
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eighteenth
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, and :
twelfth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, !i
eighty-seven thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For the pay of the several Iutian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent in Cal-
ifornia, per act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, one thousand eighthundred dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, and eighteenth August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, thirty-one thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Chippewas of the Lake Superior, five
thousand seven hundred and sixty-two dollars and
sixty-three cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Chippewas of the Mississippi, three
thousand eight hundred and eighty-six dollars
and seventy-five cents.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendents of Indian affairs, on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes:
Blackfoot Nation.—For fifth of ten installments
as annuity, to be expended in the purchase of
such goods, provisions, and other useful articles
as the President, at his discretion, may from time
to time determine, per ninth article of the treaty
of seventeenth October, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten installments as annuity, to be
'expended in establishing and instructing them in
agricultural and mechanical pursuits, and in edu-
cating their children, and promoting civilization
and Christianity, at the discietion of the Presi-
dent, per tenth article of the treaty of seventeenth
October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and Umpqua Indians.—For sixth
of fifteen installments of annuity, to be expended
as directed by the President, per third article
treaty eighteenth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for the pay of a
physician, medicines, and expense of care of the
sick, per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For sixth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.—For two thirds of
nineteenth of twenty-five installments in money,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundied and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, eight thousand three hundred and thirty-
three dollars and thirtv-thrcc cents.
For two thirds of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
eight hundred dollars.
For two thirds of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
