I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess;
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand dollars.
For two thirds of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools t fourth
articlc treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For two thirds of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions and to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and thirty-
three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For sixth of twenty installments in coin,goods,
household furniture, and cooking utensils, agri-
cultural implements, and cattle, carpenters'and
other tools and building materials, and for moral
and educational purposes, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for six smiths
and assistants, per second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and rifty-
four, five thousand and forty dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of six smiths'shops, per second and fifth
articles treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For fourth of twenty installments for the sev-
enth smith and assistant, and support of shop,
per second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of a smith, assistant, and shop for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.—For one third of
nineteenth of twenty-five installments in money,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, four thousand one hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for tilt* pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
four hunt!red dollars.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments m goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the suppoitof schools per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred fifty-four, six hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth article
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-seven cents.
For completing the plowing and preparation
for cultivation of three hundred acres of land, in
suitable Jots, at each of the reservations for the
Mississippi bands, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For completing the plowing and preparation
for cultivation of two hundred and seventy-five
acres for the Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshish
bands of Chippewas, per third article of treaty
of twenty-second of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand dollars.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of nineteenth of twenty-fiv£ in-
stallments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For sixth of twenty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish
Bands.—For sixth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-six cents.
For sixth of thirty installments of annuity in
goods, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For sixth of thirty installments for purposes of
utility, per third article treaty twenty-second Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand dollars.
For sixth of, twenty installments for purposes
of education, perthird articletreaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred ana fifty-five, three
thousand dollars.
For sixth of fifteen annual installments for
support of two smiths and smiths' shops, per
third article treaty twenty-second February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one
hundred and twenty dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Black
River.—For the last of five equal annual install-
ments for educational purposes, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand dollars."
For the last of five equal annual installments
for agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture and building materials, cattle,
labor, and necessary useful articles, per second
article of the treaty of second August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand dollars.
For fifth of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per second article of
the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For fifth installment for the support of one
blacksmith shop for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of second August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollars.
Chippewas, J\lenomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.—For education, during the pleasure
of Congress, per fifth article treaty eleventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Chickasaws.—For permanent annuity in goods,
per act of twenty-fifth February, seventeen hun-
dred and ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.—For permanentannuity, per second
article treaty sixteenth November,eighteen hun-
dred and five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-
second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three ,
thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light-
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, v-5ix thousand dollars '
_ For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article of
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, three hundred and twenty dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, for education and other bene-
ficial purposes, to be applied under the direction
of the general council of the Choctaws, in con-
formity with the provisions contained in the tenth
and thirteenth articles of the treaty of twenty-sec-
ond June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
Comanches, Kioicas, and Jipaches of Arkansas
River.—For seventh of ten installments ,|or the
purchase of goods, provisions, and agricultural
implements, per sixth article treaty twenty-scv-
enth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, eigh-
teen thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the seventh
of ten installments of goods, provisions, and
agricultural implements, per sixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.—For permanent annuity in money, per
fourth article treaty seventh August, seventeen
hundred and ninety, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred and
two, and fifth article treaty seventh August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
a d_ twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, and shop and
tools, during the pleasure of the President, per
fifth article treaty fourteenth February, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article acaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, -
eight hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon-maker, during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth [article] treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For assistance in agricultural operations, during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, one thou&ind dollars.
For the fourth of seven additional installments
for two blacksmiths, assistants, shops, and tools,
per thirteenth article treaty twenty-fourth March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, and fifth ovIk!*'
