1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Then do I
understand the gentleman from Ohio to be op-
posed to an amendment, the effect of which would
do to still further reduce the mileage?
Mr. STANTON. If I had my will about it, I
would reduce the mileage to teftccntsper mile on
the usual routes of tru-vel; but I believe that it
will be just as well to fix it at twenty cents a mile
on a straight geographical line. I am prepared
to take my colleague's bill, Because I do not be-
lieve we can get anything better.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say 
Mr. STANTON. I am not troubled by the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois. I
would prefer to have the rates fixed at ten cents
a mile by the usual routes of travel; but I do not
propose to submit that as an amendment, because
1 believe it would defeat my colleague's bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask whether the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Reagan] did not
move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. REAGAN. I did, some time ago.
Mr. STANTON. I believe the previous ques-
tion cuts off the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. No motion can cut off that
made by the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. I should like to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I believe 1 have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor.
Mr. STANTON."" I would inquire whether,
under the rules, a motion to postpone and make
a special order is in order? If this bill can be
made a special order, I am prepared to take a
postponement; but if it is to be simply a general
postponement, with the risk of its never being
readied at all, I am not willing that it should be
postponed. I want to have action on it to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it to
be a motion to postpone till next Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. And to make the bill a
special order for that day?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent, and objection has been made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, if gentlemen will npt
allow it to be made a special order, so that it can
be taken up for consideration, I hope it will be
put upon its passage to-day.
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the previous question
will be withdrawn, in order that I may ask a
question before I am called on to vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know what the state
of the question is—how many questions are pend-
ing that are to be voted on under the previous
question ?
The SPEAKER. The Hou-.se will be brought
to vote on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand that the motion of the gentleman fromTexas
[Mr. Reagan] has been entered?
The SPEAKER. It has not been entered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I de-
sire to ask whether, if the House do not second
the previous question, the bill will not be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the call for the
previous question in order to enable the gentle-
man from Texas to enter his motion. Let that
motion be entered, and then I will renew the de-
mand for the previous question, and Ictthe House
vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose -of letting
us have a fair vote, I withdraw the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. REAGAN. A good deal has been said in
favor of this bill, and no one has been allowed to j
gay a word against it. In order that it may be j
fairly discussed, I move that it be referred to the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union.
Mr. STANTON. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tell* is on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hoard and
Branxh were appointed.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. .If the previous ques-
tion bo seconded, does it not cut off the motion to
refer, and bring the House to vote on the third
reading and engrossment of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the previous
question be seconded, does not that bring the
House to vote dir^btlv on the question of referring
to the Committee of the Whole on the gtate of the
Union?
Tn& SPEAKER. The first question will be on
the motion to commit to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, to allow me to introduce an
amendment to reduce also the salary of members
of Congress to eight dollars per diem.
Mr. STANTON. I pannot withdraw it.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to understand the
position of the question. I understand that the
first question will be upon the motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and, if that is voted down, we shall
then vote on the passage of the bill. Shall we not?
The SPEAKER. No; the House will then
vote upon the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BURNETT. The bill will come up for
consideration, if we vote down the motion to com-
mit?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. KILGORE. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
if he has any information in relation to the facil-
ities for traveling by air? [Cries of" Order!"]
The House then divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 53.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the next question ?
The SPEAKER. The main question is first
on the motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I just want to say, Mr.
Speaker, that, as I understand it, this is simply
a bill 
Mr. REAGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
Debate is not m order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It is a bill to put the legis-
lation of the country into the hands 
Mr. BURNETT. £ object to any debate.
Mr. LOYEJOY. To put the legislation of the
country [Loud shouts of " Order!"] ♦
Mr. ADRAIN. I call the gentleman from Illi-
nois to order.
Mr. LOYEJOY. I have the floor. [Renewed
shouts of " Order !"]
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
I object'to any remarks by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. STANTON. I call the gentleman from
Illinois to order. He has no right to attempt to
speak, in violation of the rules of the House.
Mr. LOYEJOY. Who decides that I am out
of order ?
Mr. STANTON The Chair so decides.
Mr. LOVEJOY He has not decided.
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order, the
previous question having been sustained.
Mr. ADRAIN. I object to all debate by the
gentleman from Illinois.
The question now being upon the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union,
Mr. BRANCH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a privileged question.
I have been trying to get the floor for the purpose
of suggesting the reference of the bill to another
committee, and 1 wish to read the rule in regard
to that matter.
Mr. REAGAN. It is too late. The previous
question has been sustained.
Mr. CURTIS. That do*s not cut off amotion
to refer at all. I ask for the reading of the 46th
rule, under which I claim the right to suggest
another committee. •
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
will state his point of order.
Mr. CURTIS. My point of ordur is, that I
have a right to suggest another committee; and I
suggest that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Mileage.
The Clerk read the 4Gth rule, as follows:
" When a question is under debate, no motion shall be
received but to adjonrn, to He on the table, for the previous
question, to postpone to a day certain, to commit oramomJ,
to postpone indefinitely; which several motions shall have
precedence in the order in which they are arranged. And
no motion to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
postpone indefinitely, being decided, shall be again allowed
on the same day, and at the same stage of ihe'blU or prop-;
osition."
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the 50th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" The previous question shall be in tiiib form: 4 Shall the
main question be now put?' ft shall only be admitted when
demanded by a majority of the members present; and its
effects. shall be to put an end to ail debate, and to hringthe
House toadircct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion shall have been made; and if this moti'on does not
prevail, then upon amendments reported by a committee, _
if any, then upon pending amendments, and then upoa jtfie
mam question. On a motion for the previous qups<tidf|pfi d
prior to the seconding of the same, a caij of the Houseshatt-
be in order; but after a majority shall have seconded such
motion, no eali shall be in order prior to a decision of the
main question."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
no further motion is in order under the rules.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask for the reading of the rule
in relation to the order of reference to commit-
tees.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I desire to ask a question
of the Chair, that I may be able to vote under-
standing^. I desire to know whether, if we vote
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, we do not virtually kill
the bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That is not a ques-
tion for the Speaker to answer.
Mr. HARDEMAN. I think that is tho object
of the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask a ques-
tion for information. If this bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
will it bo open to amendment, so that we can re-
duce the mileage to five cents a mile?
Mr. REAGAN. I call the gentleman to order.
The previous question has been demanded and
sustained, and no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is clearly of
opinion that no debate is in ordor, the previous
question having been demanded and sustained.
Mr. CURTIS. ^1 ask for the reading of the
47th rule.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" When a resolution shall be offered,, or a motion made,
to re'er any subject, and different committees shall be pro-
posed, the question shall be taken in the iollowing order :
The Committee of the Whole Hou*e on the state of the
Union ; the Committee of the Whole House ; a standing
committee ; a select committee."
Mr. CURTIS. Under that rule, I submit that
my motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Mileage is in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to that
committee has not been made until after the main
question has been ordered, and no other motion
is in order except those which were pending when
the main question was ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 77, nays 308; as fol-
lows:
YE^S—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Allen,
Thomas L. Anderson. William C. Anderson, Ashmore,
Babbitt, Barr, Barrett, Boullgny, Biayton, I3rigy«, BuiJin-
game, Butterfield. John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Conkimg,
Cooper, Cox, Jame* Craij:, John G. Davis. Edward.*, Eng-
lish, Farnsworth, Floience, Foster, Hale, Hamilton. Haw-
kin*, flindman, Howaid, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kdgore, Landrum, DeWitt C. Loach. Logan,
Love, "Lovejov, Marston, Charles 1). Martin, McQueen,
MeRae, Miles', Isaac N. Moms, Moree, Nelson, Niblnck,
Noel I, Pendleton, Perry. Peyton, Phelp.--, Q.umies. Reagan,
Reynolds, Christopher Itobinson, James C. Robinson,
Itoyei ~
liam i
Vallandigl
Wilson, and Windom—-77.
NAY'S—Messrs. Charles F. Adam--, Allev. Avery,. Barks-
dale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson, Branch, BriMow,
Butfmton, Burnett, Rurnham, Campbell, Carey, Caitcr,
Case, Clopton. Cobb, Colfax. Covode. Burton Craige, Craw-
ford, Cuny, Curtu-. It. Winter Davi-, De Jamctte, Duel],
Dunn, Edgeiton, Edmnmlson, Eliot, Ely. Etherulg", Fen-
ton, Ferry, French. Gartrcll. Gilmer, Gooch,Grow, GurSey,
Hall, Haideman, J. Morrison llairis, Joim T. Harris Hat-
ton, Helmiek, Hickman, Hoard, liohnan, Houston, llutch-
ins, Irvine, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones, iunkm, Kiilm^er,
James M. Leach, Leake, Lee, Longneckcr, Loomis, Ma-
clav, Eibeit S. Martin, Maynard.MeKean, MeKn:ght,Me-
Pheifon, Million, Sydenham Muorc, Moot head, Morrill,
Edward Jov Morris,' Nixon, Olm, Pettit, Porter. Pottle,
Pugh, Rice", Kiggs, Ruffin, Sherman, Sickles, Spaulding,
Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes,
Stratton, Thayer, Thomas, Tompkins, Vance, Vandever,
Van Wyck, Verree, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
