484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the, United States.
For the fourth of seven additional installments
for iron and steel for shops, per thirteenth article
treaty twenty-fourth March,eighteen hundred and
thirty-two,and fifth article treaty seventh August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, five hundred and
forty dollars.
For thirtieth of thirty-three installments for
education, per fourth article treaty fourth Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and forty-live, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for edu-
cation, per fourth article treaty fourth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-five, and fifth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, three thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth affeicle treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Deiawares.—For life annuity to chief, per pri-
vate article to supplemental treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to
treaty of third October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty-six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
per resolution of the Senate nineteenth January,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and fifth ar-
ticle treaty sixth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand three hundred and four dollars.
For .seventh of eight equal installments for pay-
ment of five chiefs, per sixth article treaty sixth
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand two hundied and fifty dollars.
Ioioas.—For interest in lieu of investment on
ty-seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five hun-
dred dollars, to the first July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, at five per centum, for education
or other beneficial purposes, under the direction
of the President, per second article treaty nine-
teenth October, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight,
and ninth article treaty seventeenth May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars.
Kayisas.—For inteiest in lieu of investment on
two hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per second Article treaty fourteenth January,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Kickapoos.—For seventh installment of interest,
at five per centum, on one hundred thousand dol-
lars for education, per second article treaty eigh-
teenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five
thousand dollars.
For the payment of this sum as the seventh
installment upon two hundred thousand dollars,
to be paid in eighteen hundred and sixty, persec-
ond article treaty eighteenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Menomonees.—For fifth of twelve installments
for continuing and keeping up a blacksmith shop
and providing the usual quantity of iron and steel,
per fourth article treaty eighteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-eight, and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-
six cents.
For fifth of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth October,
eighteen hundred andforty-eighc,and third article
treaty twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, twenty thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for pay of miller,
per third article treaty twelfth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Mamies of Kansas.—For permanent provision
for blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per fifth article treaty sixth October, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, and fourth article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and ftfty-four, nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third Octo ber, eighteen hundredand thirty-
four, and fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For their proportion of the last twenty install-
ments in money, per second article treaty twenty-
eighth November, eighteen hundred and forty,
and fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, five thousand six hundred and
thirty-six dollars and thirty-six cents.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For first of twenty installments upon two hun-
dred thousand dollars, per third article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.—For their proportion of
the last of twenty installments in money, per sec-
ond article treaty twenty-eighth November, eigh-
teen hundred and forty, and fourth article treaty
fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
thousand eight hundred and sixty-three dollars
and sixty-four cents.
For interest on investment of two hundred and
twenty-one thousand two hundred and fifty-seven
dollars and eighty-six cents, at five per centum,
for Miami Indians of I ndiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred andfifty-four,eleven thousand and sixty-
two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Mamies—Eel River.—For permanent annuity
in goods or otherwise, per fourth article treaty
third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five,
five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August, eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per thnd article and separate article to treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and nine,
three hundred and fifty dollars.
Nisqually, Pu\jallupy and other tribes and bands
of Indians.—Forsixth installment in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands to be applied
to beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas.—For the third of ten installments of
this amount, being second of the series in money
or otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, thirty
thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for support of a
miller, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For sixth of ten installments for support of
blacksmith and assistant, and iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for support of
farmer, per eighth article treaty sixteenth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw-mill
provided for by the eighth article of the treaty of
sixteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smith'ushop with tools, and
keeping the same in repair, per eighth article of
the treaty of sixteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two thousand
[hundred] dollars.
Osages.—For intercston sixty-nine thousand one
hundred and twenty dollars, at five per centum,
being the value of fifty-four sections of land set
apartsecond June, eighteen hundred and twenty-
five, for educational purposes, per Senate resolu-
tion, nineteenth January, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, three thousand four hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
Ottocs and Jlissourias,—For the third of ten in-
stallments of this amount, being the second scries,
in moncyy or otherwise, per fourth article treaty
fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
thirteen thousand dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for pay of miller,
per seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For sixth of ten installments for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per seventh *
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, nine hundred and forty dollats.
For sixth of ten installments for farmer, per
seventh article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw-mill
provided for by the seventh article of the treaty
of fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, three hundred dollars.
For supplying the smiths' shops with tools,
and keeping the same in repair, per seventh ar-
ticle of the treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, three hundred dollars.
For an engineer, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
Ottowasand Chippeivasof Michigan,—For fifth of
ten equal annual installments foreducational pur-
poses, to be expended under the direction of the
President, according to the wishes of the Indians,
so far as may be reasonable and just, per second
article of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen
hnndred and fifty-five, eight thousand dollars.
For the last of five equal annual installments in
agricultural implements and carpenters' tools,
household furniture, and building materials,
cattle, labor, and necessary useful articles, per
second artitle of the treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For fifth installment for the support of four
blacksmith shops for ten years, per second article
of the treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and
forty dollars.
For fifth installment of principal, payable an-
nually for ten years, to be distributed per capita,
in the usual manner of paying annuities, per
second article of the treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty-six thou-
sand dollars, unpaid part of the principal sum of
three hundred and six thousand dollars, for one
year, at five per centum per annum, to be distrib-
uted per capita, in the usual manner of paying
annuities, per second article of the treaty of thirty-
first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twelve
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For fifth of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former
treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita to the
Grand River Ottawas, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundredand
fifty-five, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottaicas of Kansas.—For their proportion of the
permanent annuities in Money, goods, or other-
wise, payable under the fourth article of the ireatv
of third August, seventeen hundred and ninety-
five; second article of the treaty of seventeenth
November, eighteen hundred and seven; fourth
article of the treaty of seventeenth September,
eighteen hundred and eighteen,and fourth article
of the treaty of twenty-ninth August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-one, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
Pawnees.—For third of five installments in
goods and such articles as may he necessary for
them, per second article treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, foity
thousand dollars.
For support of two manual labor schools an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President, per
third article treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand
dollars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction of
the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other ne-
cessaries for the same, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hunured and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
