908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
NAYS—Messrs. Aldrich, Ashmorc, Barrett, Bouligny,
Boyce, John Cochran*4, Conkhng, Cooper, Corwin, James
, Craig, John G. Davis, English, Farnmortli, Florence, Hale,
Hawkins, Hill, Hmdman, Hughes, William Kellogg, Kil-
gore, Landrum, Logan, Love, Lovejoy, Maynard, Mc-
Quecn, Mcllac, Miles, Morse, Nelson, Niblack, Noell,
Pendleton, Perry, Reagan, Reynolds, James C. Robinson,
Royce, Scott, Simms, Singleton, Stout, Taylor, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Van Wyck, EHihu B. Washhurne,
Whiteley, Wilson, Wmdom, ami Wright—52.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the floor. I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. "Very well; the gentleman
has made his motion. I now rise to a privileged
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not yielded the floor
yet.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that the motion
is not debatable; and now I rise to a privileged
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Having the floor on the
passage of the bill, I have a right to make an
nour's speech, if I choose; but I will not occupy
two minutes.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to hearing something against the bill, as
not a word has been s§.id yet on that side.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the previous question be
seconded, and the main question ordered, I will not
object to an adjournment, or to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But that
would cut off all amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill. After the mam
question shall have been ordered, I have no ob-
jection to going into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or adjourning; but I
hope the friends of the bill will understand that, if
the main question be not ordered, the bill goes to
the Speaker's table, which would be substantially
a defeat of it.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BUIINETT. I desire to ask what would
be the state of the question if the House should
adjourn at this stage?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the bill
would go to the Speaker's table, unless the pre-
vious question be seconded.
Mr. BURNETT. That is what I understand.
Then I hope the House will not adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Van Wyck
and Gartrell were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-five, (more than one fifth of the mem-
bers present.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 101; as follows:
—Messrs Green Adams. Aldrich, Thomas L. An-
derson, William C Amlei*on, Aslimoir, Aver\, Bairett,
Bonl-cuy, i'usgs Buttorfiold, Gaiter, John Cochrane,
Conklmc, Cooper, Coiwiii, Cox, James Craig, Crawford,
John <J Dpv,-, !>•  J.iniv'ttf, Dm-11, Ednmnd&on, Edwards,
Rlv. Ethrt,dae, Kiln. Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hindman,
Jackson, Jenkins, Jones Francis W. Kellogg, William
K'-llogs, Kileroie. Landrum. D°Witt <\ Leach, Leake. Lo-
gan, Love, Lovejoy, Mtir-foti. Ma> nard. Mc(iueen,Mc*Rac,
Sydenham .Moore, Moine, NeHon, Niblack, Noell. Pendle-
ton, Pcrrv, Pevtoa, Kcag.m, Rcvnold>, James C. Robmj-on,
Ro\c«.', Rutlm. ^coit. Sedjjvvlek, Simm>, Singleton, Wil-
liam Smith, Sp'iuldmg, Stuiiwoi til. Stoat. Taylor, Tnomas,
Trimble, Cndenvood, Vance, Van Wyck, Cad\valad"r C.
Washburn. LHihu B. Wa-hlmrne, Wells, Whiteley, Wil-
son, Winii'im, and Win-low—80.
NAYS—Me- rs. Chailes F. Adam-*, -\drain, Allen. Alley,
Babbitt, Baiksdaie. Bingham, Blake, Boeoek. Bianch, 1
Bravton, Busiow, Btiffmt'm', Ouilmgame, Burnett, Burn- j
ham. Campbell.<*'irey, Cii-c. John B. Clark, Clopton. Cobb, |
Collar, ('ovo<i<\ Burton Cratce. Cuiry. CuitU, H Winter !
Davis, I)av>v<, Dunn. Edgoiton, Eliot, Ferry, Florence, |
GartrHI, Glim.-i, Goorh, Grow, Ourlcj, Hail, Haideman, '
J. Momson Hans. John T. Harris, IIMmiok, Hoard, Hoi- !
man, Houston, Hughe-*, Humphrey, Hutching, Iivinc, Jun-
ktn, Killingm, James* M. Leae'l. Lee. LoiiKnecker, Lootnis,
Maehiv. Chail."> 1). Elheit S. M'utm, Meivnight^
McPherson. MiIjs, Mill-on, Mtihvani. Moorhead, Edwaid
Joy Mum*, l-aae Morn*, N:\on, Pettit, Phelps, Porter,
Pottle, rugh. UuasWs, Rice, Riggs Chn^topher Robinson,
Schwa*tz, Sherman, Sickle--, William X. H- Ssnuth, Spin
ner, Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewait, Stokt*, Strat-
ton, Thayer, Tompkm , Vallandigham, Vandever, Verroe,
Waldron, Walton, Israel Washburn, Webster, Woodruff,
and Wright—101.
So the House refused to adjourn.
VOTE FOR PRINTER—CORRECTION OF JOURNAL.
Mr. RUPFIN obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has the morning hour ex-
pired? I want to enter a motion, so that there may
be no interference or difficulty afterwards.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ruffin] will allow the pre-
vious question to be seconded,and the main ques-
tion ordered, before he proceeds with his remarks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no; if it
be a question of privilege, let us hear it.
JMr. FLORENCE. I ask whether the morning
hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table. I want to have
that motion entered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
Pending the demand for the previous question,
and until the main question be ordered and dis-
posed of, it is not in order to interpose any motion
at all.
Mr. FLORENCE. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is no matter. I object,
therefore, to any other business being done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ruffin,]
rising to a privileged question, is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. My remark was addressed,
not to the gentleman from North Carolina, but to
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Florence.]
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to enter a motion to
correct the Journal of yesterday in regard to my
vote on the election of Printer not being recorded
on the Journal. I refer to the final vote, when the
Printer was elected.
The SPEAKER. What is the wish of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina?
Mr. RUFFIN. To have the motion entered
to correct the Journal.
Several Members addressed the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any other busi-
ness being done, exceptof a privileged character,
till the main question be ordered.
Mr. WASHRCJRNE, of Illinois. This thing
is mixed up so much that I think we had better
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the best course
would be to have the correction in the Journal
made now.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from North
Carolina states that he voted yesterday, and that
his vote is not recorded, the Journal will be cor-
rected.
Mr. RUFFIN. My object is to bring that up
hereafter. I trust that I know what I am about.
I enter the motion; and if 1 think proper, I can
call it up hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
should be disposed of now, before proceeding to
other business.
Mr. WINSLOW. I apprehend that it is a
privileged motion, and can be called up to-mor-
row.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is a
question to be put now.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise for the purpose of
making an inquiry of the Chair. If the House
shall now adjourn, will not this be the first matter
in order m the morning?
Several Members. Of course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly,
as a matter of privilege.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do trust the Houwe will
not adjourn until the main question has been or-
dered. [Loud cries of " Order!" ''Order!"]
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. feTANTON. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That mo-
tion is certainly not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio is not in order pending the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will vote for an adjourn-
ment if gentlemen will allow me to enter a motion
to recommit the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iobjecttoit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I hope the
motion to adjourn will be voted down.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope we shall see whether
we are to be dragooned into legislation.
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative-
yeas 96, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Thomas L.An-
derson, William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Babbitt,
Barksdale, Barrett, Beulignv, Brings, Butterfield, Case,
John B. Clark, John Cochrane, Conkling, Cooper, Corwin,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,Crawfoid, John G. Davis,
De Jarnettc, Edmundson, Edwards, Farnswmth, Florence,
Foster, French, Hale, Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hatton,
Hawkins, Hill, Hindman, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jones, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kelloeg, Kilgore,
Landrum, DeWitt C. Leach, James M. Lcach, Leake,
Logan, Love, Lovejoy, Marston, Elbert S. Martin, May-
nard, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, NibJack, Noell, Pendleton, Perry,
Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Reynolds, James
C, Robinson, Royce, Rufiin, Schwartz, Scott, Sedgwick,
Simms, Singleton, Spauldmg, Stallworth, Stout, Taylor,
Thomas, Tumble, Underwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Van
Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Wells, Whiteley, Wilson ,*.md Windom—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F Adams, Adiain, Allen, Alley,
Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bocock, Brabson, Branch, Brayton,
Bristow, Bufiinion, Burhnsratne, Burnett, Burnham, Camp-
bell, Carey, Carter, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax, Covode.Cmry,
Curtis, II "Winter Davis. Dunn, Edgcrton, Eliot, Ely, Eth-
eridge, Ferry, Gartrell, Gilmer, Guriey, Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Helmick, Hoard, Holman, Houston, Humphrey,
Hutchm?, Irvine, Junkin, ICilhnger, Longneeker, Loomis,
Maclay, ChaiJe^ D. Maitin, McKean, McKnight, McPher-
son, AJillson, Mill ward, Svdimham Moore, Moot head, Mor-
rill, Niaoii, Olnt, Pettit, Poiter, Pottle. Rice, Riggs. Chris-
topher Robinson, Sherman, Wilhnm N H. Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Stevenson. WiMiam Stewart, Stokes, Stratum,
Theaker, Tompkins, Vandever, Verroe, Waldron, Walton,
Israel Washburn, Webster, Woodruff, and Wright—84.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DAWES stated that he had paired off, on
this vote, with Mr. Smith, of Virginia, or he
would have voted "no."
Mr. COBB stated that he had voted in the af-
firmative; but learning that if the House now ad-
ioufned the bill would go to the Speaker^ table,
he would change his vote, and vote " no."
Mr. DUELL stated'that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called, he would have
voted 44 no.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded; and thereupon (at a quarter to
five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 29, 18G0.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurlky.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to report back withovit amendment
the bill (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861. Inasmuch as the appropriations contained
in this bill cover the exa^t amounts that are re-
quired by law, I ask for its immediate consider-
ation; and I trust there will be no objection to it.
Every item in the bill is provided for by law.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I am also instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back House bill (No.
.3) making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1861, without amendment. I shall not ask
for its immediate consideration, as the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs and the Sen-
ator from Texas are preparing amendments; but
it is my intention to call it up before the morning
hour shall expire. ,
Mr. DAVIS. I am prepared t£> offer my amend-
ment now. It is to msvrt after, the item for warm-
ing apparatus, the following:
For materials for quarters for subaltern officers, §3,500.
