910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. SEWARD. The motion is simply to post-
pone it until I shall have got through.
Mr. DAVIS. Say half past one o'clock to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will call
it up to-day, after the Senator from New York
shall have concluded.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
The bill (S. No. 194) for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union was read a second time.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I ask leave
of the Senate to submit a memorial from the
Legislature of the Territory of Kansas, praying for
admission into the Union. As it connects itself
with the subject on which I propose to speak to
the Senate, I ask that the memorial may be read,
printed, and laid upon the table.
The memorial was ordered to lie upon the table
and be printed; and the Secretary read it, as fol-
lows:
Whereas, tinder an act of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Kansas, approved February 11, A. D. 1859,
entitled " An act pioviding for the formation of a constitu-
tion and State government for the State of Kansas," an
election was held on the fourth Monday of March, A D-
18f>9. to ascertain the t*cnse of the people upon the subject
of forming a constitution and State government, and ask-
ing admission into the Union : and whereas, at ^aid elec-
tion, the qualified electors voted nearly five to one in favor
of such measure: and whereas, under the same act, an
election was held on the 7th ot June, 1859, for delegates to
a convention as aforesaid, which convention a°sembled at
Wyandotte, on the 5th ot July following, and formed a con-
stitution which, being submitted to the people, was ratified
by a majority of nearly six thousand : and whereas the vole
cast at satd election, being over sixteen thousand, furnisher
authentic evidence ofthe~existence of a population of one
hunaicd thousand, the highest interests ot which large and
rapidly increasing population imperatively demand, as the
electors have already formally declared, a change from a
territoiial to a State form of government: Therefore,
Resolved by the Council, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That we do most earnestly unite with the late
constitutional convention in its petition to Congress tor the
speedy admission of the State of Kansas into the Union,
under the constitution formed at Wyandotte.
Resolved, That copies of this preamble and resolutions,
attested by the signatures of the presiding officers and clerks
of the i wo Houses, be transmitted to the Pre&ideut of the
United States, the President of the Senate, and our Delegate
in Congress, to be by them brought before Congress.
GUSTAVUS A. COI/i'ON.
Speaker of the House of Kcirresentatives.
\V. W. UPDEGliAFF,
President of the Council.
1 hereby certify that the above preamble and concurrent
resolutions originated in the Council, and passed that body
February 11, i860. JOHN J. INGALLS,
Sccretury.
I hereby certify thai the above preamble and concurrent
resolutions passed the House of Representatives on the 13th
day of February, A. D. 1860. M. W. DELAHAY.
Chief Clerk.
I, Hugh S. Walsh, Secretary ofthe Territory of Kansas,
do hereby certify that the foregoing i* a correct copy ot the
concurrent resolutions on file in my office, and that they
are attested by the genuine signatures of the President of
the Council and the Secretary thereof, a-* well a* by the
genuine signatures of the Speaker ofthe House of Repre-
sentatives and the chief Clerk thereof of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territoiy of Kansas. " .
in testimony whereof, i have hereunto signed my name,
r 1 and caused the seal of the Territory to be
* ' -1 affixed. Done at office this 14th day "of Feb-
ruary, A. D. 1860.
HUGH S. WALSH.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the admission
of Kansas into the Union, without further delay,
seems to me equally necessary, just, and wise.
In recorded debates 1 have already anticipated the
arguments for this conclusion.
In coming forward among the political astrol-
ogers, it shall be an error of judgment, and not
of disposition, if my interpretation of the feverish
dreams which are disturbing the country shall
tend to foment, rather than to allay, the national
excitement. I shall say nothing unnecessarily of
persons, because, in our system, the public wel-
fare and happiness depend chiefly on institutions,
and very little on men. I slfcill allude but briefly
to incidental topics, because they are ephemeral,
and because, even m the midst of appeals to pas-
sion and prejudice, it is always safe to submit
solid truth to the deliberate consideration of an
honest and enlightened people.
It will be an everflowmg source of sha^ne, as
well as of sorrow, if we, thirty millions-—Euro-
peans by extraction, Americans by birth or dis-
cipline, and Christians in faith, and meaning to
be such in practice—cannot so combine prudence
with humanity, in our conduct concerning the one
disturbing subject of slavery, as not only to pre-
serve our unequaled institutions of freedom, but
also to enjoy their benefits with contentment and
harmony.
Wherever a guiltless slave exists, be he Cau-
casian, American, Malay, or African, he is the
subject of two distinct and opposite ideas—one
that he is wrongly, the other that he is rightly a
slave. The balance of numbers on either side,
however great, never completely extinguishes this
difference of opinion, for there are always some
defenders of slavery outside, even if there are
none inside of a free State, while also there are
always outside, if there are not inside, of every
slave State, many who assert with Milton, that
" no man who knows aught can be so stupid to
deny that all men naturally were born free, being
the image and resemblance of God himself, and
were by privilege above all the creatures, born to
command and not to obey." It often, perhaps
generally happens, however, that in considering
the subject of slavery, society seems to overlook
the natural right, or personal interest of the slave
himself, and to act exclusively for the welfare of
the citizen. But this fact does not materially af-
fect ultimate results, for the elementary question
of the rightfulness or wrongfulness of slavery
inheres in every form that discussion concerning
it assumes. What is just to one class of men can
never be injurious to any other; and what is un-
just to any condition of persons in a State, is
necessarily injurious in some degree to the whole
community. An economical question early arises
out of the subject of slavery—labor either of free-
men or of slaves is the cardinal necessity of society.
Some States choose the one kind, some the other.
Hence two municipal systems widely different
arise. The slave State strikes down and affects
to extinguish the personality of the laborer, not
only as a member of the political body, but also
as a parent, husband, child, neighbor, or friend.
He thus becomes, in a political view, merely
property without moral capacity, and withput
domestic, moral, and social relations, duties,
rights, and remedies—a chattel, an object of bar-
gain, sale, gift, inheritance, or theft. His earn-
ings are compensated and his wrongs atoned, not
to himself, but to his owner. The State protects
not the slave as a man, but the capital of another
man, which he represents. On the other hand,
the State which rejects slavery encourages and
animates and invigorates the laborer by maintain-
ing and developing his natural personality m all
the lights and faculties of manhood, and gener-
ally with the privileges of citizenship. In the one
case capital invested in slaves becomes a great
political force, while in the other labor thus ele-
vated and enfranchised, becomes the dominating
political power. It thus happens that we may,
for convenience sake, and not inaccurately, call
slave States capital States, and free States labor
States.
So soon as a State feels the impulses of com-
merce or enterprise or ambition, its citizens begin
to study the effects ef these systems of capital
and labor respectively on its intelligence, its vir-
tue, its tranquillity, its integrity or unity, its de-
fense, its prosperity, its liberty, its happiness, its
aggrandizement, and its fame. In other words,
the great question arises, whether slavery is a
moral, social, and political good, or a moral, so-
cial, and political evil? This is the slavery ques-
tion at home. But there is a mutual bond of amity
and brotherhood between man and man through-
out the world. Nations examine freely the po-
litical systems of each other, and of all preceding
times, and accordingly as they approve or disap-
prove of the two systems of capital and labor
respectively, they sanction and prosecute, oi con-
demn and prohibit commerce in men. Thus, in
one way orin another, the slavery question which
so many among us, who are more willing to rule
than patient in studying the conditions of society,
think is a merely accidental or unnecessary ques-
tion that might and ought to be settled and dis-
missed at once, is, on the contrary, a world-wide
and enduring subject of political consideration and
civil administration. Men, states, and nations
entertain it, not voluntarily, but because the prog-
ress of Kociety continually brings it into their way.
They divide upon it, not perversely, but because
owing to differences of constitution, condition, or
circumstances, they cannot agree.
The fathers of the Republic encountered it.
They even adjusted it so that it might havegiven
us much less than our present disquiet, had not
circumstances afterwards occurred which they,
wise as they were, had not clearly foreseen. Al-
though they had inherited, yet they generally
condemned the practice of slavery and hoped for
its discontinuance. They expressed this when
they asserted in the Declaration of Independence,
as a fundamental principle of American society,
that all men are created equal, and have inalien-
able rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness. Each State, however, reserved to itself
exclusive political power over the subject of sla-
very within its own borders. 'Nevertheless, it
unavoidably presented itself m their consultations
on a bond of Federal Union. The new Govern-
ment was to be a representative one. Slaves were
capital in some States, in others capital had no
investments in labor. Should those slaves be rep-
resented as capital or as persons, taxed as capital
or as persons, or should they not be represented
or taxed at all? The fathers disagreed, debated
long, and compromised at last. Each State, they
determined, shall have two Senators in Congress.
Three fifths of the slaves shall be elsewhere repre-
sented and be taxed as persons. What should be
done if the slave should escape into a labor State ?
Should that State confess him to be a chattel and
restore him as such, or might it regard him as a
person, and harbor and protect him as a man?
They compromised again, and decided that no
person held to labor or service in one State by the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall by any
law or regulation of that State, be discharged from
such labor or service, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the person to whom such labor or ser-
vice shall be due.
Free laborers would immigrate, and slaves might
be imported into the States. The fathers agreed
that Congress may establish uniform laws of nat-
uralization, and it might prohibit the importation
of persons after 1808. Communities in the South-
west, detached from the southern States, were
growing up in the practice of slavery, to be capital
States. New States would soon grow up in the
Northwest, while as yet capital stood aloof, and
labor had not lifted the ax to begin there its end-
less but beneficent task. The fathers authorized
Congress to make all needful rules and regula-
tions concerning the management and disposition
of the public lands, and to admit new States. So
the Constitution, while it does not disturb or affect
the system of capital in slaves, existing in any
State under its own laws, does, at the same time,
recognize every human being when within any
exclusive sphere of Federal jurisdiction, not as
capital but as a person.
What was the action of the fathers in Congress?
They admitted the new States of the Southwest
as capital States, because it was practically im-
possible to do otherwise, and by the ordinance of
1787, confirmed in 1789, they provided for the
organization and admission of only labor States
in the Northwest. They directed fugitives from
service to be restored not as chattels, but as per-
sons. They awarded naturalization to immigrant
free laborers, and they prohibited the trade in
African labor. This disposition of the whole sub-
ject was in harmony with the condition of society,
and, in the main, with the spirit of the age. The
seven northern* States contentedly became labor
States by their own acts. The six southern States
with equal tranquillity and by their own determ-
ination remained capital States.
The circumstances which the fathers did not
clearly foresee were two, namely: the reinvigora-
tion of slavery consequent on the increased con-
sumption of cotton, and the extension of the
national domain across the Mississippi, and these
occurred before 1820. The State of Louisiana
formed on a slaveholdwg French settlement,
tyithin the newly acquired Louisianian Territory,
had then already been admitted into the Union.
There yet remained, however, a vast region which
included Arkansas and Missouri, together with
the then unoccupied and even unnamed Kansas
and Nebraska. Arkansas, a slaveholding com-
munity, was nearly ready to apply, and Missouri,
. another such Territory, was actually applying
I for admission into the Federal Union. The ex-
isting capital States seconded these applications)
i and claimed that the whole Louiaiaman Terri-
I tory was rightfully open to slavery, and to the
I organization of future slave Slates. The labor
