488
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
36th Coxg. ... 1st Sess.
[June 20,
Laics of the United States.
mendation of the Light-House Board, mayadopt,
thirty-five hundred dollars.
Fora light-house at or near Old Fort Mackinaw,
six thousand dollars.
Wisconsin.—For the construction of a light-
house pier and light-house at Milwaukee, in lieu
of the North Cut beacon light at that place, fifty
thousand dollars.
For a fog-bell at Port du Morts light-house,
fifteen hundred dollars.
For a light-house at Kewaunee, six thousand
dollars.
For the construction of a suitable beacon light
at the port of Racine, thirty thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Peter Campan one hundred and fourteen dol-
lars and fifty-eight cents.
New Jersey.—For rebuilding the two light-
house towers at Nave .Sink, and fitting the same
with proper apparatus, seventy-two thousand
nine hundred and forty-one dollars.
North Carolina.—For reestablishing the Beacon
Island light-house and constructing in connection
therewith a beacon light to form a range for run-
ning the Ocracoke inlet, five thousand dollars.
For a beacon light at a suitable point at or near
Cape Hatteras inlet, five thousand dollars.
For a new light-house at the mouth of Cape
Fear liver, in lieu of the present structure, forty
thousand dollars.
For buoyingBeaufefrtharbor and Bogue sound,
one thousand dollars.
For the erection of a light-house at the mouth
of North river, (Albemarle sound,) ten thousand
dollars.
Louisiana.—For a light-house at the mouth of
Calcasieu river, seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Virginia.—For the construction of a first-class
light-house at Assateague, in lieu of the present
light-house, fifty thousand dollars.
For buoying the approaches to the canal con-
necting the waters of the Chesapeake bay with
Albemarle sound, five hundred dollars.
For the completion of the tower and keeper's
dwelling at Cape Charles, ten thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Mississippi.—For a new light-house at Pass
Christian, in Heu of the old light now at that
place, one thousand dollars: Provided, That the
old light-house and site now at that point be sold
by the Light-House Board, under the authority
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the pro-
ceeds of said sale applied in aid of the sum here-
by appropriated for the construction of said light-
house.
California.—For a first class light-house at Cape
Mendocino, being the extreme western point of
land on the Pacific coast, eighty thousand dollars.
I*or a light-house at Trinidad bay, twenty
thousand dollars.
For a light-house on Point del Revs, about
twenty-eight miles north of the Golden date, forty
thousand dollars, and for fog or ear signals, to be
erected in connection therewith, upon the recoiu-"
mendation of the Light-House Board, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For buoymgout the channel and the bar at the
entrance of Humboldt bay, and for three mov-
able beacons to be provided with lens lanterns, to
be kept in range with the channel, ten thousand
dollars.
Washington Territory.—For a light-house
Gray's harbor, and for buoying out the chan
and bar at said harbor, twenty thousand dollars.
^ For buoying out the channel of the Columbia
river, from the mouth of the Willamette river to
tile cascade of the Columbia river, five thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2, And be it farther enactcd, That no por-
tion of the money herein appropriated for the
erection of any light-house or beacon light shall
be expended until plans shall be furnished, and
contracts made, for the entire completion of said
light-house or beacon light for the sum herein
appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of twenty thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated and directed to be paid, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
at
propriated, for the establishment at the points
herein named of such ear signals as may prove
to be satisfactory under the experiments herein-
before authorized to be made, that is to say: at
West duoddy head and Boone Island, ill Maine;
at Boston, in Massachusetts; at Sandy Hook, in
New York; at Charleston, in South Carolina; at
Savannah, Georgia; at the Southwest Pass of the
Mississippi river; and at Galveston.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That if pre-
liminary surveys are required to ascertain the
necessity for any light-house or other aid provided
in this bill, or to determine the proper site for the
same, or to ascertain more fully what .the public
exigency requires, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause the necessary examinations and sur-
veys on the sea-board to be made, under the di-
rection oftheSuperintendentof the CoastSurvey,
and those on the lakes to be made under the di-
rection ofthe Bureau of Topographical Engineers;
and in all cases in which ad verse reporis are made,
they shall be submitted to Congress at its next
sessirn; and in all cases in which the objects au-
thorized are favorably reported upon, the works
maybe commenced immediately, after valid titles
and State jurisdiction shall have been obtained to
the sites.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, on the recommendation
of the Light-House Board, be, and he is hereby,
authorized", in his discretion, to reestablish, from
time to time, such lights as may have been, or
may hereafter be, discontinued as useless, under
the authority conferred by the act of third March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, entitled "An act
making appropriations for light-houses," and so
forth, whenever, in the judgment of the Secretary
of the Treasury, upon the recommendation of the
Light-House Board, such reestabhshment is re-
quired by pubiicconvenience orthe necessities of
commerce.
Sec. 6. And be it further enar'.ed, That so much
of the act approved March three, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, as authorizes "the erection of
range beacons, for crossing the bar and entering
Galveston bay, Texas, in place of the light ves-
sel at that place, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed, and the light vessel is hereby directed to
be restored.
Approved, June 20, I860.
Chap. CLX1II.—An act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the yeai end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of llepre-
sentatiresofthe United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, out ofany money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits, three months'extra pay to non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates on reen-
listment, fifty thousand dollars.
For pay of the Army, three million five hun-
dred and ninety-one thousand seven hundred and
eighty-four dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, nine
hundred and ninety eight thousand four hundred
and thirty-four dollars and fifty cents.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and twenty-four thousand one hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, fifty thousand dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, thirty-nine thousand eight bundled and
ninety dollars.
For subsistence in kind, two million and fifty-
eight thousand six hundred dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, and iron bedsteads for barracks, eight
hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred
and eighty-one dollars and twelve cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers, en-
listed men, guard, hospitals, storehouses, and
offices; of forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's department at the
several posts and stations, and with the armies
in the field; for the horses of the two regiments
of dragoons, the two regiments of cavalry, the
regiment of mounted riflemen, the companies of
light artillery, and such companies of infantry
as may be mounted,and forthe authorized num-
ber of officers' horses when serving in the field
and at the outposts, including bedding for the
animals; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of
stationery, including blank books for the quarter-
master's department, certificates for discharged
soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quarter-
master's departments; and forthe printing of di-
vision and department orders and reports, one
million five hundred and eighty thousand dol-
lars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial and courts of inquiry,including the additional
compensation of judge advocates, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under
the act of March sixteenth,eighteen hundred and
two; extra pay to soldiers employed, under the
direction of the quartermaster's department, in
the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses,
and hospitals, in the construction of roads, and
on other constant labor, for periods of not less
than ten days, under the acts of March second,
eighteen hundred and nineteen, and August fourth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, including those
employed as clerks at division and department
! headquarters; expenses of expresses to and from
j the fiontier posts and armies in the field; of es-
corts to paymasters and other disbursing officers,
and to trains where military escorts cannot be
furnished; expense of the interment of officers
killed in action, or who die when on duty in the
field, or at the posts on the frontiers, and of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers; authorized
office furniture; hire of laborers in the quarter-
master's department, including the hire of inter-
preters, spies, and guides forthe Army,compen-
sation of clerks of the officers of the quartermas-
ter's department; compensation of forage and
wagonmasters,authorized by the actof July fifth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; for the appre-
hension of deserters, and the expenses incident
to their pursuit; and for the following expenditures
required for the two regiments of dragoons, the
two regiments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted
riflemen, and such companies of infantry as may
be mounted, namely: the purchase of traveling
forges, blacksmiths'and shoeing tools, horse and
mule shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing,
hire of veterinary suigeons, medicines for horses
and mules, picket ropes, and for shoeing the
horses of the corps named, four hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For constructing barracks and other buildings
at posts which it may be necessary to occupy
during the year; for repairing, altering, and en-
larging buildings at the established posts, includ-
ing hire or commutation of quarters for officers on
military duty; lure of quarters for troops; of store-
houses for the keeping of military stores; of
grounds for summer cantonments; for temporary
fiontier stations, including fifteen thousand dol-
lars for the purchase of stoves, three hundred and
fifty-nine thousand three hundred and fifty-one
dollars and fifty-four cents, to be expended as fol-
lows, viz:
For rents, including hire or commutation of
quarters for officers on military duty, hire of quar-
ters for troops, of storehouses for the safe-keep-
ing of military stores, of grounds for summer can-
tonments,and construction and repairs of barracks
at temporary frontier stations, for the purchase
of stoves, and six hundred and eight dollars and
eighty-seven cents to be paid as back rent for the
site of Kort Da vis, Texas, one hundred and ninety-
five thousand two hundred and forty-six dollars
and twenty-nine cents;—
For repairing, altering, and enlarging buildings
at established military posts, one hundred and
thirty-five thousand five hundred and forty-seven
dollars;—
For constructing barracks and other buildings
at the following posts, to wit: at Barrancas bar-
racks, Key West, Fort Mackinac, in the depart-
