I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4&1
Laws of the United States.
36th Cons.... 1st
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall
or may bo lawful for the said Juan B. Vigil or
any person claiming title under him to institute
suit against the United States for the lands claimed
and embraced in said claim number twenty-six,
not confirmed under the provisions of the third
section of this act; said suit to be instituted in the
supreme court of the Territory of New Mexico,
to be defended by the district attorney of the
United States for said Territory, under the direc-
tion of the Attorney General of the United States,
with the right of appeal to either party from the
decision of said supreme court to the Supreme
Court of the United States, if such appeal be
asked for within one year from the rendition of
the judgment in said supreme court of the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, and not thereafter: Pro-
vided, That if the suit authorized by thi%section
be not instituted within two years from the pas-
sage of this act, the said claimants shall be pre-
sumed to have abandoned all right or title to the
lands embraced in said claim number twenty-six,
and said lands shall thenceforth be held and
deemed to be publicljinds belonging to the United
States: And provided further, That in the determ-
ination of the suit authorized to be instituted by
the terms of this section, the courts shall be gov-
erned by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, the
law of nations, the laws, usages, and customs of
the Government from which the claim is derived,
the principles of equity, and the decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States, so far as
they are applicable.
Sf.c. 6. .find be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the heirs of Luis Maria Baca, who
make claim to the said tract of land as is claimed
by the town of Las Begas, to select instead of the
land claimed by them, an equal quantity of vacant
land, not mineral, in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, to be located by them in square bodies, not
exceeding five in number. And it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general of New Mexico, to
make survey and location of the lands so selected
by said heirs of Baca when thereunto required
by ther.i: Provided, however, That the right hereby
granted to said heirs of Baca shall continue in
force during three years from the passage of this
act, and no longer.
Approved, Juno 21, 1860.
Chap. CLXX1X.—An Act to carry into effect
provisions of the Treaties between the United
States, China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and other
countries,giving certain judicial powers to Min-
isters and Consuls or other functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, to carry into full effect the pro-
visions of the treaties of the United States with
the empires of China, Japan, and Siam, respect-
ively, the minister and the consuls of the United
States, duly appointed to reside in each of the
said countries, shall, in addition to other powers
and duties imposed upon them, respectively, by
the provisions of such treaties, respectively, be
invested with the judicial authority herein de-
scribed, which shall appertain to the said office
of minister and consul, and be a part of the duties
belonging thereto, wherein the same is allowed
by treaty.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in regard
to crimes and misdemeanors, the said public func-
tionaries are hereby fully empowered to arraign
and try, in the manner herein provided, all citi-
zens of the United States charged with offenses
against law, which shall be committed in ouch
countries, respectively, and, upon conviction, to
sentence such offenders in the manner herein au-
thorized; and the said functionaries, and each of
them, are hereby authorized to issue all such
processes as are suitable and necessary to carry
this authority into execution.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further enacted, That, in re-
gard to civil rights, whether of property or person,
the said functionaries are hereby invested with all
the judicial authority necessary to execute the
provisions of such treaties,respectively, and shall
entertain jurisdiction in matters of contract at the
port where, or nearest to which, the contract was
made, or at the port at which, or nearest to which,
it was to be executed; and in all other matters at
the port where, or nearest to which, the cause of
controversy arose, or at the port where, or near-
est to which, the damage complained of was sus-
tained, any such port above named being always
one of the ports at which the United States are
represented by consuls; which jurisdiction shall
embrace all controversies between citizens of the
United States, or others, provided for by such
treaties, respectively.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That such
jurisdiction in criminal and civil matters shall, in
all cases, be exercised and enforced in conformity
with the laws of the United States, which are
hereby, so far as is necessary to execute such
treaties, respectively, extended over all citizens
of the United States in the said countries, (and
over all others to the extent that the terms of the
said treaties, respectively, justify or require,) so
far as such laws are suitable to carry the said
treaties into effect; but in all cases where such
laws are not adapted to the object, or are deficient
in the provisions necessary to furnish suitable
remedies, the common law, including equity and
admiralty, shall be extended in like manner over
such citizens and others in the said countries; and
if defects still remain to be supplied, and neither
the common law, including equity and admiralty,
nor the statutes of the United States, furnish ap-
propriate and suitable remedies, the ministers m
the said countries, respectively, shall, by decrees
and regulations which sl^il have the force of law,
supply such defects and deficiencies.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in order
to organize and carry into effect the system of
jurisprudence demanded by such treaties, respect-
ively, the said ministers, with the advice of the
several consuls in each of the said countries, re-
spectively, or so many of them as can be conve-
niently assembled, shall prescribe the forms of all
processes which shall be issued by any of said
consuls; the mode of executing, and the time of
returning the same; the manner in which trials
shall be conducted, and how the records thereof
shall be kept; the form of oaths for Christian
witnesses, and the mode of examining all other
witnesses; the costs which shall be allowed to
the prevailing party, and the fees which shall be
paid for judicial services to defray necessary ex-
penses; the manner in which all officers and agents
to execute process, and to carry this act into effect,
shall be appointed and compensated; the form of
bail-bonds, and the security which shall be required
of the party who appeals from the decision of a
consul; and generally, without further enumera-
tion, to make all such decrees and regulations,
from time to time, under the provisions of this
act, as the exigency may demand; and all such
regulations, decrees, and orders shall be plainly
drawn up in writing,and submitted, as above pro-
vided, for the advice of the consuls, or as many
of them as can be consulted without prejudicial
delay or inconvenience, who shall each signify
his assent or dissent in writing, with his name
subscribed thereto; and after taking such advice,
and considering the same, the minister, in the said
countries, respectively, may, nevertheless, by
causing the decree, order, or regulation to be pub-
lished with his signature thereto, and the opinions
of his advisers inscribed thereon, make it to be-
come binding and obligatory, until annulled or
modified by Congress; and it shall take effect
from the publication, or any subsequent day
thereto named in the act.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all such
regulations, orders,and decrees, shall, as speedily
as may be after publication, be transmitted by the
said ministers, with the opinions of their advisors,
as drawn up by them severally, to the Secretary
of State, to be laid before Congress for revision.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That each of
the consuls aforesaid, at the port for which he is
appointed, shall be competent, under the author-
ity herein contained, upon facts within his own
knowledge, or which he has good reason to be-
lieve true, or upon complaint made, or informa-
tion filed in writing and authenticated in such
way as shall be prescribed by the minister, to
issue his warrant for the arrest of any citizen of
the United States charged with committing in the
conntry an offense against law; and when ar-
rested, to arraign and try any such offender.; and
upon conviction, to sentence him to punishment in
the manner herein prescribed; always meting out
punishment in a manner proportioned to the of-
fense; which punilhment shall,in all cases, except
as is herein otherwise provided, be either fine or
imprisonment.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any con-
sul, when sitting alone for the trial of offenses,
or misdemeanors, shall finally decide all cases
where the fine imposed does not exceed one hun-
dred dollars, or the term of imprisonment does
not exceed sixty days. And there shall be no
appeal therefrom except as provided in section
eleven of this act. But no fine imposed by a con-
sul for a contempt committed in the presence of
the court, or for failing to obey a summons from
the same, shall exceed fifty dollars, nor shall the
imprisonment exceed twenty-four hours for the
same contempt.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted,. That when
sitting alone he may also decide all cases in which
the fine imposed does not exceed five hundred
dollars, or the term of imprisonment does not
exceed ninety days; but in all such cases, if the
fine exceeds one hundred dollars, or the term of
imprisonment for misdemeanor p.xceeds ninety
days, the defendants (or any of them, if there be
more than one) may take the case, by appeal,
before the minister of the United States, if al-
lowed jurisdiction, cither upon errors of law or
matters of fact, under such rules as may he pre-
scribed by the minister for the prosecution of ap-
peals in such cases.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever, in any case, the consul shall be of opinion
that, by reason of the legal questions which may
arise therein, assistance will be useful to him, or
whenever he shall be of opinion that a severer
punishment than those above specified will be re-
quired, he shall, in either case, summon one or
more citizens of the United States, not exceeding
four in number, taken by lot from a list of indi-
viduals which shall have been submitted pre-
viously to the minister for his approval, but in
capital cases not less than four, who shall he per-
sons of good repute and competent to the duty,
to sit with him in the trial, and who, after so sit-
ting upon the trial, shall each enter upon the rec-
ord his judgment and opinion, and sign the same.
The consul shall, however, give judgment in the
case; but if his decision is opposed by the opin-
ion of one or more of his associates, the case,
without further proceedings, together with the
evidence and opinions, shall be referred to the
minister for his final adjudication, either by en-
tering up judgment therein, or remitting the same
to the consul with instructions how to proceed
therewith; but in all such cases, except capital
offenses, if the consul and his associates concur
in opinion, the decision shall be final, except as is
provided in section nine of this act.
Sec. 11. And be it further enucted, That the con-
suls aforesaid, and each of them, at the port for
which he is appointed, shall have jurisdiction, as
is herein provided, in all civil eases arising under
such treaties, respectively, wherein the damage
demanded does not exceed the sum of five hun-
dred dollars; and if he sees fit to decide the same
without aid, his decision thereon shall be final;
but if, in his judgment, any case involves legal
perplexities, and assistance will be useful, or if
the damage demanded exceeds five hundred dol-
lars, in either such case it shall be his duty to
summon to his aid, from a list of individuals which
shall have been nominated for the purposes of this
act to the minister and received his approval, not
less than two nor more than three citizens of the
United States, if such are residing at the port, of
good repute and competent to the duty, who shall
with him hear any such case; and if the consul
and his associates concur in opinion, tiie judgment
shall be final; but if the associates, or any of
them, differ from the consul, the opinions of all
shall be noted on the record, and each shall sub-
scribe his name to his assent to or dissent from
the consul, with such reasons therefor as he thinks
proper to assign,and either party may thereupon
appeal, under such regulations as may exist, to
the minister; but if no appeal is lawfully claimed,
the decision of the consul shall be final and con-
clusive.
