914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
to remove, constitutionally, every Governor, whether he
be the supreme or subordinate, who may please their fancy
with a ridiculous and painted freedom, "fit to cozcn babie*,
but are, indfcd, under tyranny and servitude, a* wanting
that power, which is the root and source of all liberty, to
iii>po?e ot and economize m the land which God hath given
them, as members ot family in theirown home nnd free in-
heritance. Without which natural and essential power of
a free nation, though bearing high their heads!, they can, tn
due esteem, be thought no better than slaves, and vassals
born in the tenure and occupation of another inheriting
lord, whose government, though not illegal or intolerable,
hangs on them as a lordly scourge, not as a free govern-
ment."
The Republican party knows, as the whole
country will ultimately come to understand, that
the noblest objects of national life must perish, if
that life itself shall be lost, and therefore it will
accept the issue tendered. It will take up the
word Union, which others are so willing to re-
nounce, and, combining it with that other glorious
thought, Liberty, which has been its inspiration so
long, it will move firmly onward, with the motto
inscribed on its banner, " Union and Liberty,
come what may, in victory as in defeat, in power
as out of power, now and forever."
If the Republican party maintain the Union, who
and what party is to assail it? Only the Demo-
cratic party, for there is no other. Will the Dem-
ocratic party take up the assault? The menaces
of disunion are made, though not in its name, yet
in its behalf. It must avow or disavow them. Its
silence, thus far, is portentous, but is not alarm-
ing. The effect of the intimidation, if successful,
would be to continue the rule of the Democratic
party, though a minority, by terror. It certainly
ought to need no more than this to secure the suc-
cess of the Republican party. If, indeed, the time
has como when the Democratic party must rule
by terror, instead of ruling through conceded
public confidence, then it is quite certain that it
cannot be dismissed from power too soon. Ruling
on that odious principle, it could not long save
either the Constitution or public liberty. Rut I
shall not believe the Democratic party will con-
sent to stand in this position, though it does,
through the action of its representatives, seem to
covcr and sustain those who threaten disunion. 1
know the Democracy of the North. I know them
now in their waning strength. I do not know a
possible disunionist among them all. I believe
they will be as faithful to the Union now as they
were in the by-gone days when their ranks were
full, and their challenge to the combat was always
the war-cry of victory. But, if it shall prove
otherwise, then the world will all the sooner know
that every party in this country must stand on
Union ground; that the American people will sus-
tain no party that is not capable of making a sac-
rifice of its ambition on the altar of the country;
that, although a party may have never so much of
prestige, and never such traditional .merit, yet, if
it be lacking in the one virtue of loyalty to the
Union, all its advantages will be unavailing; and
then obnoxious as, through long-cherished and
obstinate prejudices, the Republican party ism the
capital States, yet even there it will advance like
an army with banners, winning the favor of the
whole people, and it will be armed with tho na-
tional confidence and support, when it shall be
found the only party that defends and maintains
the integrity of the Union.
Those who seek to awaken the terrors of dis-
union seem to me to have too hastily considered
the conditions under which they are to make their
attempt. Who believes that a Republican admin-
istration and Congress could practice tyranny
under a Constitution which interposes so many
checks as ours? Yet that tyranny must not only
be practiced, but must be intolerable, and there
must be no remaining hope for constitutional
relief, before forcible resistance can find ground
to stand on anywhere.
The people of the United States, acting in con-
formity with the Constitution, are the supreme
tribunal to try and determine all political issues.
They aie as competent to decide the issues of to-
day as they have been heretofore to dccidc the
issues of other days. They can reconsidcr here-
after and reverse, if need be,-the judgment they
shall pronounce to-day, as they have more than
once reconsidered and reversed their judgments in
former times. It needs no revolution to correct
any error, ©r prevent any danger, under any cir-
cumstances.
Nor is any new or special cause for revolution
likely to occur under a Republican administra-
tion. Wo are engaged in no new transaction, not
even in a new dispute. Our fathers undertook a
great work for themselves, for us, and for our
successors—to erect a free and Federal empire,
whose arches shall span the North American con-
tinent, and reflect the rays of the sun throughout
his whole passage from the one to the other of the
great oceans. They erected thirteen of its col-
umns all at once. These are standing now, the
admiration of mankind. Their successors added
twenty more; even we who are here have shaped
and elevated three of that twenty, and all these
are as firm and steadfast as the first thirteen; and
more will yet be necessary when we shall have
rested from our labors. Some among us prefer
for these columns a composite material; others,
the pure white marble. Our fathers and our pred-
ecessors differed in the same way, and on the
same point. What execrations should we not all
unite in pronouncing on any statesman who here-
tofore, from mere disappointment and disgust at
being overruled in his choice of materials for any
new column then to be quarried, should have
laid violent hands on the imperfect structure and
brought it down to the «artli, there to remain a
wreck, instead of a citadel of u world's best hopes!
I remain now in the opinion I have uniformly
expressed here and elsewhere, that these hasty
threats of disunion are so unnatural that they
will find no hand to execute them. We are of
one race, language, liberty, and faith; engaged,
indeed, in varied industry; but even that industry,
so diversified, brings us into more intimate rela-
tions \yith each other than any other people, how-
ever homogeneous, and though living under a
consolidated Government, ever maintained. We
languish throughout, if one joint of our Federal
frame is smitten; while it is certain that a part
dissevered must perish* You may refine as you
please about the structure of the Government, and
say that it is acompact,and that a breach, by one
of the States or by Congress, of any one article,
absolves all the members from allegiance, and that
the States may separate when they have, or fancy
they have, cause for war. But once try to sub-
vert it, and you will find that it is a Government
of the whole people—as individuals, as well as a
compact of States; that every individual member
of the body-politic is conscious of his interest and
power m it, and knows that he will be helpless,
powerless, hopeless, when it shall have gone
down. Mankind have a natural right, a natural
instinct, and a natural capacity for self-govern-
ment; and when, as here, they are sufficiently
ripened by culture, they will and must have self-
government, and no otfier. The framers of our
Constitution, with a wisdom that surpassed all
previous understanding among men, adapted it to
these inherent elements of human nature. He
strangely, blindly misunderstands the anatomy of
the great system who thinks thatitsonly bonds, or
even its strongest ligaments, are the written com-
pact or even the multiplied and thoroughly ramified !
roads and thoroughfares of trade, commerce, and j
social intercourse. These arc strong indeed, but its
chiefest instruments of cohesion—those which ren-
der it inseparable and indivisible—arc the millions
of fibers of millions of contented, happy human
hearts, binding by their affections, their ambitions,
and their best hopes equally the high and the low,
the rich and the poor, the wise and the unwise, the
learned and the untutored, even the good and the
bad, to a Government, the first, the last, and the
only such one that has ever existed, which takes !
equal heed always of their wants, their wishes, j
and their opinions; and appeals to them all, indi- i
vidually, once in a year, or in two years, oi at |
! least in four years, for their expressed consent j
i and renewal, without which it must cease. No, ,
go where you will, and to what class you may, j
with commissions for your fatal service m one j
hand, and your bounty counted by the hundred j
or the thousand pieces of silvei in the other, a !
thousand registers will rise up for every recruit
you can engage. On the banks equally of the
St. Lawrence and of the Rio Grande, on the At-
lantic and the Pacific coasts, nn the shores of the
Gulf of Mexico and in the dells of the Rocky
Mountains, among the fishermen on the banks
of Newfoundland, the weavers and spinners of
Massachusetts, the stevedores of New York, the
miners of Pennsylvania, Pike's Peak, and Cali-
fornia, the wheat-growers of Indiana, the cotton
and the sugar planters on the Mississippi, among
the voluntary citizens from every other land not
less than the native born, the Christian and the
Jew, among the Indians on the prairies, the con-
tumacious Mormons in Deseret, the Africans free,
the Africans in bondage, the inmates of hospitals
and almshouses, and even the criminals in the
penitentiaries, rehearse the story of your wrongs
and theirown never so eloquently and never so
mournfully, and appeal to them to iise. They
will ask you, Is this all?" "Are you more just
than Washington, wiser than Hamilton, more
humane than Jefferson?''5 "What new form of gov-
ernment or of union have you the power to estab-
lish, or even the cunning to devise, that will be
more just, more safe, more free, more gentle, more
beneficent, or more glorious than this?" And by
tlie.se simple interrogatories you will be silenced
and confounded.
Mr. President, we are perpetually forgetting
this subtle and complex, yet obvious and natural,
mechanism of our Constitution; and because we
do forget it, we are continually wondering how it
is that a Confederacy of thirty and moie States,
covering regions so vast, and regulating interests
so various of so manymillions of men, constituted
and conditioned so diversely, works righton. We
are continually looking to see it stop and stand
still, or fall suddenly into pieces. But, in truth,
it will not stop? it cannot stop; it was made not to
stop, but to keep in motion—in motion always,
and without force. For my own part, as this won-
derful machine, when it had newly come from the
hands of its almost Divine inventors, was.the ad-
miration of my earlier years, although it was then
but imperfectly known abroad, so now, when it
forms the central figure in the economy of the
world's civilization, and the best sympathies of
mankind favor its continuance, I expect that it
will stand and work right on until men shall fear
its failure no more than we now apprehend that
the sun will cease to hold his eternal place in the
heavens.
Nevertheless, I do not expect to see this purely
popular, though majestic, system always working
on unattended by the presence and exhibition of
human temper and human passions. That would
be to expect to en joy rewards, benefits, and bless-
ing?!, without labor, care, and watchfulness,an ex-
pectation contrary to Divine appointment. These
are the discipline of the American citizen, find he
must inure himself to it. When, as now, a great
policy fastened upon the country through its
doubts and fears, confirmed by its habits, and
strengthened by personal interests and ambitions,
is to be relaxed and changed, m order that the na-
tion may have its just and natural and free de-
velopments, then, indeed, all the winds of contro-
versy are let loose upon us from all points of the
political compass, we see objects and men only
through hazes, mists, and doubtful and lurid lights.
The earth seems to be heaving under our feet, and
the pillars of the noble fabric that protects us to be
i trembling before our eyes. But the appointed end
! of all this agitation comes at last, and always sea-
! sonably; the tumults of the people subside; the
j country becomes calm on'ce more; and then we find
] that only our senses have been disturbed, and that
they have betrayed us. The earth is firm as always
before, and the wonderful structure, for whose
safety we have feared so anxiously, now more
firmly fixed than ever, still stands unmoved, en-
during, and immovable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I trust I shall
be pardoned for a few remarks upon so much of
the Senator's speech as consists m an assault on
the Democratic jpaity, and especially with regard
to the Kansas-Nebraska bill, of which I was the
responsible author. It has become fashionable
now-a-days for each gentleman making a speech
against the Democratic party to refer to the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act as the cause of all the disturb- *
ances that have since ensued. They talk about
the repeal of a sacred compact that had been un-
disturbed for more than a quarter of a century, as
if those who complained of that violation of faith
had been faithful to the provisions of the Missouri
compromise. Sir, wherein consisted the neces-
sity for the repeal or abrogation of that act, except
it was that the majority in the northern States
refused to carry out the Missouri compromise in
good faith? I stood willing to extend it to the
Pacific ocean, and abide by it forever, and the
entire South, without one exception in this body,
