I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong....1st Sess.
of an employe of the consul or agent of the Uni-
m ted States; and it shall be the duty of the consu-
lar officer to attend the (rial in person, and see
that justice is administered. And all suits and
disputes occurring in Persia between the citizens
nf the United States and the subjects of other
foreign Powers, shall be tried and adjudicated by
the intermediation of their respective ministers or
consuls, in accordance with such regulations as
shall be mutually agreed upon by the minister of
the United States for the time being, and the min-
isters of such foreign Powers, respectively, which
regulations shall, from time to time, be submitted
to the Secretary of State of the United States.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of this act, so far as the same aie in
conformity with the stipulations in tlie existing
treaties between the United States and Tripoli,
Tunis, Morocco, and Muscat, respectively, shall
extend to those countries, and shall be executed
in conformity with the provisions of the said
treaties, and of the provisions of this act, by the
consuls appointed by the United States to reside
therein, who are hereby, ex officio, invested with
the powers herein delegated to the ministers and
consuls of the United States appointed to reside
in the countries named in the first section of this
act, so far as the same can be exercised under
the provisions of treaties between the United
States and the several countries mentioned in this
section, and in accordance with the usages of the
said countries in their intercourse with the Pranks
or other foreign Christian nations.
Sec. 30. And beit further enacted, That the con-
suls and commercial agents of the United States
at islands or in countries not inhabited by any
civilized people, or recognized by any treaty with
the United States, be, and the same are hereby,
authorized to try, hear, and determine all cases jn
regard to civil rights, whether of person or prop-
erty, where the real debt and damages do not ex-
ceed the sum of one thousand dollars^ exclusive
of costs, and ftpon full hearing of the allegations
and evidence of both parties to give judgment ac-
cording to the laws of the United States, and ac-
cording to the equity and right of the matter, in
the same manner as justices of the peace are now
authorized and empowered where the United
States have exclusive jurisdiction. And the said
consuls and commercial agents, respectively, are
hereby invested with the powers conferred by the
provisions of the seventh and eighth sections of
this act for trial of offenses or misdemeanors.
Sec. 31. And beit further enacted, That all mar-
riages in the presence of any consular officer in a
foreign country, between persons who would be
authorized to marry if residing in the District of
Columbia, shall have the same force and effect,
and shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as
if the said marriage had been solemnized within
the United States. And in all cases of marriage
before any consular officer, the said consular of-
ficer shall give to each of the parties a ccrtificatc
of such marriage, and shall also send a certificate
thereof to the Department of State, there to be
kept; which certificate shall specify the names of
the parties, their ages, places of birth, and resi-
dence.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act shall be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on the first day of July, eighteen '
hundred and sixty.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXX.—An Act authorizing a Loan
and providing for the redemption of Treasury
Notes.
Be it enacted btj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
asssembled, That the Prcsidentof the United States
be, and hereby is, authorized,at any tune within
twelve months from the passage of this act, to
borrow, on the credit of the United States, a sum
not exceeding twenty-one millions of dollars, or
so much thereof as, in his opinion, the exigencies
of the public service may require, to be used in
the redemption of Treasury notes now outstand-
ing and to replace in the Treasury any amountof
said notes which shall have been paid and received
for public dues, and for no other purposes.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That stock
shall be issued for the amount so borrowed, bear-
ing interest, not exceeding six per centum per
annum, and to be reimbursed within a period not
beyond twenty years and not less than ten years;
and the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is here-
by, authorized, with the consent of the President,
to cause certificates of stock to be prepared, which
shall be signed by the Register,and sealed with the
seal of the Treasury Department, for the amount
so borrowed, in favor of the parties lending the
same, or their assigns, which certificates may be
transferred on the books of the Treasury, under
such regulations as may be established by the
Secretary of the Treasury: Provided, That no cer-
tificate shall be issued for a less sum than one
thousand dollars: And provided also, That, when-
ever required, the Secretary of the Treasury may
cause coupons of semi-annual interest payable
thereon to be attached to certificates issued under
this act; and any certificate with such coupons of
interest attached may be assigned and transferred
by delivery of the same, instead of being trans-
ferred on the books of the Treasury.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That before
awarding said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause to be inserted in two of the public
newspapers of the city of Washington, and in one
or more public newspapers in other cities of the
United States, public notice that sealed proposals
for such loan will be received until a certain day,
to be specified in such notice, not less than thirty
days from its first insertion in a Washington news-
paper; and such notice shall state the amount of
the loan, at what periods the money shall be paid,
if by installments, and at what places. Such
sealed proposals shall be opened, on the day ap-
pointed in the notice, in the piesence of such per-
sons as may choose to attend, and the proposals
decided by the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall
accept the most favorable offered by responsible
bidders for said stock. And the said Secretary
shall report to Congress, at the commencementof
the next session, the amount of money borrowed
under this act, and of whom and on what terms
it shall have been obtained, with an abstract or
brief statement of all the proposals submitted for
the same, distinguishing between those accepted
and those rejected, with a detailed statement of
the expense of making such loans: And provided,
That no stock shall be disposed of at less than its
par value; and the sum of five thousand dollars
is hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay for
engraving and printing the certificates, and other
expenses of executing this act; but no additional
compensation shall be allowed to any person re-
ceiving a salary by law.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the faith
of the United States is hereby pledged for the due
payment of the interest and the redemption of
the principal of said stock.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXT.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one.
Be it enacted by the Sehate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not ntheiwisp appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one:
"For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, four million five hundred and sev-
enty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty-
five dollars and ninety-seven cents.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marines attached to vessels for sea-service, nine
hundred and forty-one thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the en-
gineer and marine corps, thirty-five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For the repair and equipment of vessels of the
Navy, one million five hundred and twenty-three
thousand dollars; Provided,-That not more than
three thousand dollars shall be expended at any
navy-yard in repairing the hull and spars of any
vessel, until the necessity and expediency of such
repair, and the probable cost thereof, be ascer-
tained and reported to the Navy Department by
an examining board, to be composed of one cap-
tain or commander in the Navy, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, the naval con-
structor of the yard where any vessel may be
ordered for repairs, and two master workmen of
such yard, or one master workman and an engi-
neer of the Navy, according to the nature of $e.
repairs to be made; said master workmen and en-
gineer to be designated by the head of the Bureau
of Construction and Repairs; and not more than
one thousand dollars shall be expended in repairs
on the sails and rigging of any vessel until the
expediency and necessity of such repairs, and the
estimated cost thereof, have been ascertained and
reported to the Navy Department by an examin-
ing board, to be composed of one naval officer,
to be appointed by the Secretary of the Navy,
and the master rigger and master sailmaker of
the yard where such vessel may be ordered: Pro-
vided, That the Secretary of the Navy cause a
careful examination to be made by naval officers,
engineers, and constructors, into the condition of
the sailing vessels of the Navy, and the cost of
giving them, or any of them, full steam power,
together with the expediency of making such
change in view of the cost, condition, model, and
general character of such vessels so altered; and
that the report of such officers, together with the
Secretary's views thereon, be communicated to
Congress at its next session.
For fuel for the Navy, to be purchased in the
mode piuscnbed by law for other materials, and
for the transportation thereof, eight hundred and
forty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, three hundred thousand dollars.
For ordneuice and ordnance stores and small
arms, including incidental expenses, three hun-
dred and thirty-eight thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: Freight and trans-
portation, printing and stationery, advertising in
newspapers; books, maps, models, and drawings;
purchase and repair of fire-engines and machinery;
repairs of and attending to steam-engines in navy-
yards; purchase and maintenance of horses and
oxen, and driving teams, carts, timber-wheels,
and the purchase and repairs of workmen's tools;
postage of public letters, fuel, oil, and candles for
navy-yaids and shore stations; pay of watchmen
and incidental labor not chargeable to any other
appropriation; transportation to and labor attend-
ing the delivery of provisions and stores on foi-
eign stations; wharfage, dockage, and rent; trav-
eling expenses of officers and others under orders;
funeral expenses, store and office rent, fuel, com-
missions and pay of clerks to Navy agents and
storekeepers; flags, awnings,and packing-boxes;
premiums and other expenses of recruiting, ap-
prehending deserters, per diem pay to persons
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
other services authorized by iaw; pay to judges-
advocate, pilotage and towage of vessels, and
assistance to vessels in distress; and for bills of
health and quarantine expenses of vessels of
the United States Navy in foreign ports, five
hundred and ninety-six thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That the expenditures under the fore-
going appropriations shall be so accounted for
as to show the disbursements by each bureau,
under each respective appropriation: And pro-
vided further, That the estimates for expendi-
tures for such purposes shall hereafter be given
in detail.
For the purchase of saltpetre for the use of the
Navy, ten thousand dollars.
marine corps.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, privates, clerks, messengers, stewards,
and servants; for rations and clothing for servants,
additional rations for five years'service, for Im-
drawn clothing and rations, bounties for roenlist-
ments. four hundred and twenty-five thousand
