1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
was willing thus to abide by it; but the free-soil
element of the northern States was so strong as
to defeat that measure, and thus open the slavery
question anew. The men who now complain of
the abrogation of that act were the very men who
denounced it, arid denounced all of us who were
willing to abide by it so long as it stood upon the
statute-book, and we were trying to carry it out.
Sir, it was the defeat in the House of Represent-
atives of the enactment of the bill to extend the
Missouri compromise to the Pa*ific ocean, after
it liad passed the Senate on my own motion, that
opened the controversy of 1850, which was term-
inated by the adoption of the measures of that
year.
We carried those compromise measures over the
head of the Senator from New York and his prcs-
.entassociat.es. We, in those measures,established
a great policy, rebuking his doctrine of interven-
tion by the Congress of the United States to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territories. Both parties, in
1852, pledged themselves to abide by that princi-
ple,and thus stood pledged not to prohibit slavery
in the Territories by act of Congress. The Whig
party affirmed that pledge, and so did the Democ-
racy. In 1854 we only carried out, in the Kansas-
Nebraska act, the same principle that had been
affirmed in the compromise measures of 1850. I
repeat that their resistance to carrying out in good
faith the settlement of 1820, their defeat of the
bill for extending it to the Pacific ocean, was the
sole cause of the agitation of 1850, and gave rise
to the necessity of establishing the principle of
non-intervention by Congress with slavery in the
Territories.
Hence, I am not willing to sit here and allow
the Senator from New York, with all the weight
of authority he has with the powerful party of
which he is the head, to arraign me and the party
to which 1 belong with the responsibility for that
agitation which rests solely upon him and his as-
sociates. Sir, the Democratic party was willing
to carry out the compromise in good faith. Having
been defeated in that for the want of numbers, and
having established the principle of non-interven-
tion in the compromise measures of 1852, in lieu
of it, the Democratic party from that day to this
has been faithful to the new principle of adjust-
ment. Whatever agitation has grown out of the
question since, has been occasioned by the resist-
ance of theparty of which thatSenator is the head,
to this great principle which has been ratified by
the American people at two presidential elections.
If he was willing to acquiesce in the solemn and
repeated judgment of that American people to
which he "appeals, there would be no agitation in
this country now.
But, sir, the whole argument of that Senator
goes far beyond the question of slavery, even in
the Territories. His enure argument rests on the
assumption that the negro and the white man
were equal by Divine law, and hence that all laws
and constitutions and governments in violation
of the principle of negro equality are in violation
of the law of God. That is the basis upon which
his speech rests. He quotes the Declaration of
Independence to show that the fathers of the Rev-
olution understood that the negro was placed on
an equality with the white man, by quoting the
clause, " we hold these truths to be self-evident,
that ill men are created equal, and are endowed
by their Creator with certain inalienable rights,
among which aie life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness." Sir, the doctrine of that Senatovand
of his party is—and I have had to meet it for four
years—that the Declaration of Independence in-
tended to recognize the negro and the white man
as equals under the Divine law. and hence that
all the provisions of the Constitution of the United
States which recognize slavery are m violation of
the Divine law. In other words, it is an argument
against the Constitution of the United States upon
the ground that it is contrary to the law of God.
The Senator from New Yolk has long held that
doctrine. The Senator from New Yoik has often
proclaimed to the world, that the Constitution of
the United States was m violation of the Divine
law, and that Senator will not contradict the state-
ment. 1 have an extract from one of his speeches
now before me, in which that proposition is_ dis-
tinctly put forth. In a speech made 111 the State
of Ohio, in 1848, he said:
" Shivery is the sin  f not -.oineof the States only, liutof
tlieiri ail; of not one nationality, hat of nil nations. 11 per-
verted and corrupted the moral sense of njankind deeply
and umvcisally, and tins perversion became a universal
habit. Habits of thought become fived principles. No
American State lia? yet delivered itself entirely from these
habits. We. in New York, ari guilty of siavcrv stili by
withholdins the right of suffrage from the race we have
emancipated. You, in Ohio,are guilty in thesamewav by
a system of black iaws still more aristocratic and odious.
It is written in the Constitution of the United States that
five slaves shall count equal to three freemen as a basis
ot representation; and it is written, also, in violation of
Divine law, that we shall surrender tile fugitive slave who
takes refuge at our fireside from his relentless pursuer."
There you find his doctrine clearly laid down,
that the Constitution of the United States is in
violation of the Divine law, and, therefore, is not
to be obeyed. You find the declaration that the
clause relating to fugitive slaves, beingin violation
of the Divine law, is not binding on mankind.
This has been the doctrine of the Senator from
New York for years. I have not heard it in the
Senate to-day far the first time. I have met in my
own State, for the last ten years, this same doc-
trine, that the Declaration of Independence recog-
nized the negro and the white man as equal; that
the negro and white man arc equals by Divine law,
and that every provision of our Constitution and
laws which establishes inequality between the
negro and thewlute man, is void, because contrary
to the law of God.
The Senator from New York says, in the very
speech from which I have quoted, that New York
is yet a slave State. Why ? Not that she has a
sl^ve within her limits, but because the constitu-
tion of New York does not allow a negro to vote
on an equality with a white man. For that reason
he says New York is still a slave State; for that
reason every other State that discriminates be-
tween the negro and the white man is a slave State,
leaving but a very few States ill the Union that
arc free from his objection. Yet, notwithstand-
ing the Senator is committed to these doctrines,
notwithstanding the leading men of his party are
committed to them, he argues that they have been
accused of being in favor of negro equality, and
says the tendency of their doctrine is the equality
of the white mail. He introduces the objection,
and fails to answer it. He states the proposition
and dodges it, to leave the inference that he does
not indorse it. Sir, 1 desire to see these gentlemen
carry out their principles t® their logical conclu-
sion. If they will persist in the declaration that
the negro is made the equal of the white man, and
that any inequality is m violation of the Divine
j law, then let them carry it out in their legislation
II by conferring on the negroes all the rights of cit-
;i lzenship the same as on white men. For one, I
I; never held to any such doctrine. I hold that the
j! Declaration of Independence was only referring
It to the white man—to the governing race of this
country, who were in conflict with Great Britain,
and had no reference to the negro race at all, when
it declared that all men were created equal.
Sir, if the signers of that Declaration had under-
stood the instrument then as the Senator from
New York now construes it, were they not bound
on that day, at that very hour, to emancipate all
their shrres? If Mr. Jefferson had meant that his
negro slaves were created by the Almighty his
equals, was he not bound to emancipate the slaves
on the very day that he signed his name to the
Declaration of Independence ? Yet no one of the,
signers of that Declaration emancipated his slaves.
No one of the States on whose behalf the Declara-
tion was signed, emancipated its slaves until after
the Revolution was over. Every one ot the ori-
ginal colonies, every one of the thirteen original
States, sanctioned and legalized slavery until after
the Revolution was closed These facts show con-
clusively that the Declaration of Independence
was never intended to bear the construction placcd
upon it by the Senator from New York, and by
that enormous tribe of lecturers that go through
the country delivering lectures in country scheol-
houses and basements of churches to Abolition-
ists, ill order to tcach the children that the Almighty
has put his seal of condemnation upon any in-
equality between the white man and the ne ro.
Mr. President, lam free to say here—what! have
said over and over again at home—that, in my
opinion, this Government was made by white
men, on the white basis, for the benefit of white
men and their posterity forever, and should be
administered by white men, and by none other
whatsoever
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the honorable
Senator, then, why not give the Territories to
white men?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am ill favor
of throwing the Territories open to all the white
men, and all the negroes, too, that choose to go,
and then allow the white men to institute the gov-
ernment and govern the Territory. I would not
let one of the negroes, free or slave, either vote or
hold office anywhere, where I had the right,under
the Constitution, to prevent it. 1 am in favor of
each State and each Territory of this Union taking
care of its own negroes, free or slave. If they
want slavery, let them have it; if they desire to
prohibit slavery, let them do it; it is their busi-
ness, not mine. We in Illinois tried slavery while
we were a Territory, and found it was Hotprofit-
able; and hence we turned philanthropists and
abolished it, just as our British friends across the
ocean did. They established slavery in all their
colonies, and when they found they could not
make any more money out of it, abolished it. I
hold that the question of slavery is one of politi-
cal economy, governed by the laws of climate,
soil, productions, and self-interest, and not by
mere statutory provision. I repudiate the doc-
trine, that because free institutions may be best in
one climate, they are, necessarily, the best every-
where; or that because slavery may be indispens-
able in one locality, therefore itis desirable every-
where. I hold that a wise statesman will always
adapt his legislation to the wants, interests, con-
dition, and necessities of the people to be governed
by it. One people will bear different institutions
from another. One climate demands different in-
stitutions from another. I repeat, then, what I
have often had occasion to say, that I do not think
uniformity is either possible or desirable. I can
see no two States precisely alike in their domestic
I institutions in this Union. Our system rests on
the supposition that each State has something in
her condition or climate, or her circumstances, re-
quiring laws and institutions different from every
other State of the Union. Hence I answer the
question of the Senator from Wisconsin, that I am
willing that a Territory settled by white men
shall have negroes, free or slave, just as the white
men shall determine, but not as the negroes shall
prescribe.
The Senator from New York has coined a new
definition of the States of the Union—labor States
and capital States. The capital States, I believe,
are the slaveliolding States; the labor States are
the non-slavoholding States. It has taken that
Senator a good many years to coin that phrase
and bring it into use. I have heard' him discuss
these favorite theories of his for the last ten years,
I think, and I never heard of capital States and
labor States before. It strikes me that something
lias recently occurred up in New England thai
makes it politic to get up a question between cap-
ital and labor, and take the side of the numbers
against the few. We have seen some accounts
in the newspapers of combinations and strikes
among the journeymen shoemakers in the towns
there—labor against capital. The Senator has a
new word ready coined to suit their case, and
make them believe that he is on the side of the
most numerous class of voters.
What produced that strike among the journey-
men shoemakers? Why are the mechanics of
| New England, the laborers and employes, now
: reduced to the starvation point? Simply because,
S by your treason, by yoursectional agitation, you
i have created a strife between the North and the
I South, have driven away your southern custom-
^ era, and driven youremployestostarvation. This
is the first fruit'of your Republican dogmas. It
is another step, following John Brown, of the
'■ irrepressible conflict." Therefore, we now get
this new coinage of " labor States"—he is on the
side of the shoemakers, [laughter,] and "capital
1 States"—-he is against those that furnish the hides,
j [Laughter.] 1 think those shoemakers will un-
j derstand this business. They know why it is that
! they do not get so many orders as they did a few
] months ago. Itis not confined to the shoemakers;
| it reaches every mechanic's shop and every fac-
I tory. All the large laboring establishments of the
North feel the pressure produced by the doctrine
of the irrepressible conflict." This new coin-
age of words will not save them from the just re-
sponsibility that follows the doctrines they have
been inculcating. If they had abandoned the doc-
trine of the'1 irrepressible conflictand proclaimed
