918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
jects for his charity and philanthropy? What
■will he say of those masses in New York now
memorializingfor something very like an agrarian
law? What wilt he say to the throngs of beggars
who crowd the streets of his great commercial
emporium? What will he say to the multitudes
collected in the penitentiaries and prisons of his
own State ? I seek not, sir, to inquire into the policy
and propriety of the institutions of other States;
I assume not to judge of their fitness; it belongs
to the community to judge, and I know not under
what difficulties they may have been driven to
what I cannot approve; but never, sir, in all my
life, have I seen anything that so appealed to every
feeling of humanity and manliness, as the suffer-
ing of the poor children imprisoned in your juve-
nile penitentiaries—imprisoned before they were
old enough to know the nature of crime—there
held to such punishment as we never inflict save
upon those of mature years. 1 arraign you not for
this; I know not what your crowded population
and increasing wants may demand; I know not
how far it may be the necessary result of crime
which follows m the footsteps of misery; I know
not how far the parents have become degraded,
and how far the children have become outcast, and
how far it may have devolved on the State to take
charge of them; but, I thank my God, that in the
state of society where I reside, we have 110 scenes
so revolting as these.
Why then not address yourselves to the evils
which you have at home? Wily not confine your
inquiries to the remedial measures which will re-
lieve the suffering of and stop the progress of crime
among your own people? Very intent in look-
ing into the distance for the mote in your broth-
er s eye, is it to be wondered that we turn back
and point to the beam in your own ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not rise to take any part
in this discussion; but to offer, at this moment,
an amendment to the motion proposed by the
Senator from New York. If I understand his
motion, it is to refer this bill to the Committee on
Territories. I move the following amendment to
that motion:
With Instructions to inquire whether, in the formation
of said constitution, the act of Congress approved May 4,
1858, entitled " An act for the admission of Kansas into the
Union," has been complied with in all respects, and espe-
cially whether a census was taken of the population of
Kansas hefoie the election of delegates to the constitutional
convention ; and if so, whether it appeared that the whole
number was equal to the ratio ot representation required
for a member «f the House of Representatives.
I understand the motion of the Senator from
New York to be, to refer his bill proposing the
introduction of Kansas as a State to the Commit-
tee on Territories.
Mr. SEWARD. Together with the memorial
of the Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. BROWN. With instructions to bring in
a bill to introduce the State with tiie Wyandotte
constitution.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I make that motion.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that to be your
motion. Thcnmy instructionistoinquire whether
that constitution has been framed in accordance
with what is known in political parlance as the
English bill. That is my proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
been struggling for some time to obtain the floor,
to inquire of my colleague what he meant by say-
ing thathe had been battling for four years against
negro equality at home m the State of Illinois,
and against the idea that the Constitution of the
United States in some respects conflicted with the
Divine law and was null and void, as if that was
the position of some party m the State of Illinois.
I desire to inquire whether he meant to attribute
any such views as those to the Republican party
of Illinois ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. So far as I know, the Re-
publican party do hold that the negro and the
white man, by the Declaration of Independence
were secured in perfect equality, and I have had
to meet that argument not only for four years,
but for ten years, when the Senator, my colleague, '
was a Democrat. I can excuse him 'for not'un-
derstanding the creed of his party, for he has not
been in it long enough to learn it; but if he will
refer to the leaders he will And out that I stated it
correctly. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. My colleague will per-
haps find that he is about as poor an exponent of
the Democracy as I am. [Laughter.] 1 think he
is rather unsound upon that side of the Chamber,
and has found himself so in the country, and if I
have departed from the Democracy of former
times, he seems to be following very closely after
me. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I know that my colleague has battled
against negro equality in Illinois, and he may
have battled, for aught I know, against the idea
that the Constitution conflicted with the Divine
law, and was therefore void; but if he has so bat-
tled, he has battled Don Q.uixot-like, against
windmills rather than realities. He is very much
in the habit of setting up a principle and then
knocking it down, talking about negro equality
as if somebody was for it, and then assailing it.
Now, sir, I am glad to have my colleague face to
face, where I can put it to him and tell him he
never heard such a declaration of principles from
the Republican party of Illinois, nor the Repub-
lican party of the Union. I tell him now in his
face, and to his teeth, that when he charges upon
the Republican party of Illinois, or of the coun-
try, that it has advocated negro equality, he
charges that which is whollyuntrue, wholly with-
out foundation, so far as the Republican party is
concerned.
But, sir, he says that we believe in the Decla-
ration of Independence. I do. I do believe in
the Declaration of Independence; and has my col-
league yet to learn the distinction between a nat-
ural right and a right in organized society; the
distinction between the gift of God and the gift
of man ? I do believe in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and so does the Republican party be-
lieve in it, that all men were endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights. I do be-
lieve that all men were born wi-th the same natural
rights; and that is what the Declaration of Inde-
pendence declares; that is what, if he has listened
to Republicans in Illinois, he has heard many a
time enunciated as the doctrine of the Republican
party, that all men were created equal, not made
equal by human society, by human laws. We
know that the very idea of government creates an
inequality among men. To have government,
you must have rules and regulations; you must
have magistrates, those who command, and those
who obey; and, of course, there is an inequality.
But, sir, does that militate against the God-given
right that all were created equal ? How were they
created, if not equal? Was there any human
government from God? Destroy all human gov-
ernment; wipe out all organized society; take man
as he came from the hands of his Maker, and tell
me, if you please, what superior authority one
has over another? If one has superior authority
over another, how did he get it before government
was organized ?
The object of inserting the words in the Decla-
ration of Independence has been proclaimed a
thousand times. It was this: oar ancestors were
a people fleeing from the tyranny and the despot-
isms of the Old World; escaping from countries
where the idea prevailed that one man had a Divine
right to rule over another; and they meant, when
they were proceeding to form a government, as
the first thing they did, to write it down in that
immortal Declaration, that their posterity in all
time might see it; that they might look to it as
the polar star by which they should ever be guided
in their future legislation, and should never forget
it—the great natural right of all men to life, lib-
erty,and happiness. Now, keepingthatin view,
with your eye fixed upon that star of the equal
rights of all, go on and frame your government,
infringing as little as possible upon that great nat-
ural right. That you must infringe somewhat we
know; but we repudiate and trample under foot,
for ourselves and forever, the idea that one man is
born with a right over another. That is what the
Declaration of Independence meant, and no such
thing as that in organized society we must bnve
perfect equality—an impossibility; and the Re-
publican party in Illinois has contended for no
such thing, as its principles, proclaimed in its plat-
form, will show.
But my colleague says that the clause of the
Declaration of Independence, that all men are
created equal, meant the governing race that was
contendingagainst Great Britain, and nobody else.
Well, I suppose if it meant only those who were
here at that time, and contending against Great
Britain, it would hardly embrace their posterity
even; and if it did, then it would not embrace
emigrants from other countries. I suppose,
according to that theory, the Germans, or the in-
habitants of any country, who should come to
this, that were not engaged in the conflict of the
Revolution, though their skins were as white as
his, are not embraced by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence I give no such narrow meaning to that
instrument.
But there is repeated here for the thousandth
time, that each State should be left to manage its
own affairs as it pleases. Who ever disputed it?
Here is another windmill. The Republican party
has not disputed the right of each State to manage
its own domestic affairs, without interference either
from the Federal Government or any other State.
So far from it, the Republican party is an advocate
of that doctrine, declares in its platform that the
rights of each State shall be maintained in the
Union, as well as the rights of the Federal Gov-
ernment under the Constitution; and this attempt
to mix up States with Territories is only calcu-
lated to confuse. The contest between parties is
not about the interference of cither party with the
institutions of the States; but it is m regard to the
government of the Territories while the territo-
rial condition continues.
We have heard repeated here again in this con-
nection, that the great principle of popular sov-
ereignty was stricken down in Kansas by tho
Emigrant Aid Society. I shall not now reiterate
the facts to disprove that statement. The Kansas-
Nebraska bill, itself, of which my colleague was
the advocate, trampled popular sovereignty under
foot, and the people in Nebraska and in iCansas to-
day are not allowed to have their will on this very
subject of slavery. Why, sir, but a short time
agotheTerritorial Legislature of Nebraska passed
a bill to exclude slavery from that Territory. Did
it go into force ? Isitalaw? No, sir. Why not?
My colleague says that the Kansas-Nebraska bill
established this right. Well, if it did establish it,
why do not the people of Nebraska have it ? They
have tried to exclude slavery; their Legislature
has voted to exclude it, and they have not accom-
plished it. Why? Because he put it into the
Kansas-Nebraska bill that a majority of the peo-
ple of Nebraska should not be permitted to exclude
slavery. He put it into that bill that the President
of the United States should appoint a Governor
to rule over the people of Nebraska; and when a
proposition was made to allow them to elcct their
own Governor, that they might have a Governor
of their own choice, he, with his friends, voted it
down, and insisted upon sending a Governor who
is now ruling over that people by prohibiting
them, through his veto power, from keeping sla-
very out of the Territory. That is your Kansas-
Nebraska bill, and that is your illustration of
popular sovereignty. And nere is another, Mr.
President. I hold in my hand the veto message of
Governor Medary, of the bill prohibiting slavery
in Kansas. This identical Territory of Kansas
passed a law to prohib/, slavery therein, through
its Legislature, and yet the Governor, by virtue
of the power which the advocates of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill inserted in it, vetoed the bill, and
will not allow the people of Kansas to exclude
slavery. Beautiful illustration of popular sover-
eignty ! To force a Governor on a Territory and
give him two thirds of its legislative power.
The government is divided into three depart-
ments in Kansas, one of which is the judiciary.
Who appoints the judges? They arc all appointed
by the President of the United States. The peo-
ple of Kansas are told, "Do just as you please,
but at the same time remember you are not to
elcct your own judges, we will send judges to ex-
pound your laws." The executive department
is filled by those over whom they have no con-
trol, by a Governor and other officers appointed
by the President. My colleague says, if the peo-
ple of Kansas do not want slavery, they shall not
have it; if they do want it, they may have it; and
he is for letting them have it or not, just as they
please. But when the members of the Legislature
elected by the people pass a law, the Governor
whom you appoint for them has a veto power; and
a bill passed by the Legislature cannot become a
law unless he assents to it, or it receives the votes
of two thirds of each bianch of the Legislature.
Now, take the Legislature of Kansas, at this time
consisting of twenty-five representatives and thir-
teen councilors. Every representative and eight
of the thirteen councilors may vote for a bill to
