m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
whose jurisdiction the lands or any part of the
lands claimed may lie, unless such claim comes
within the purview of the third section of this act;
to which petition the United States shall be made
defendant, and it shall be verified by the oath of
the party or parties, and conform to the provis-
ions of section one of this act, and to thepiactioe
of such court in chancery,and the attorney of the
United States for such district shall defend against
the same for the United States; and the courtshall
decide the claim valid or invalid according to the
principles established in this act, and decree ac-
cordingly. If the decree be against the United
States, an appeal shall be entered to the Supreme
Court of the United States; and if it be against
the claimant or claimants, he or they may take
an appeal directly to that court, as of right and
course, without affidavit or security other than
for costs; and the same shall be adjudged de
novo in the Supreme Court as in other cases of
appeal thereto in chancery, and as equity and
justice and the principles aforesaid may require;
which decision shall be final, and patent shall
thereupon issue, if the claim be adjudged valid,
for so much of the lands claimed as remain un-
sold; and for so much as may have been sold,
the provisions of section six of this act shall apply
and be in force.
Sec. 12. And be it farther enacted, That this act
shall be and remain in force during the term of
five years, unless sooner repealed by Congress;
and all claims presented or sued upon, according
to the provisions of this act, within the said term
of five years, may be prosecuted to final determ-
ination and decision, notwithstanding the said
term of five years may have expired before such
final determination and decision.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CLXXXIX.—An Act in relation to Mis-
sion Claims at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the missionary claims referred to
in the fourth section of the act of twenty-sixth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, entitled
44 An act providing for the examination and set-
tlement of claims for land at the Sault Ste. Mane,
Michigan," and repotted upon by the register
and receiver at Sault Ste. Marie, puisu*antto said
act, shall bo entitled to lecog'niuon and confirm-
ation m the same manner and on the same terms
as claims of individuals therein provided for; and
upon the final approval of the said claims, as pro-
vided in the eighth section of the act aforesaid,
patents shall be issued therefor.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
on such land, shall be punished by imprisonment
in jail not more than sixty days, or by a fine not
exceeding sixty dollars.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That every
person who, in said District, without color or
right, shall willfully commit any trespass by en-
tering upon the garden, orchard, or other im-
proved land of another, with intent to cut, take,
carry away, destroy, or injure the trees, gram,
grass, hay, fruit, or vegetables there growing or
being, shall be punished by imprisonment in jail
not more than forty days, or by a fine not exceed-
ing fifty dollars.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That justices
of the peace shall have exclusive original juris-
diction in all cases mentioned in the preceding
sections, saving, however, to any party convicted
before such justice, the right to a trial by jury on
his appeal to the criminal court.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That every
person convicted before a justice of the peace of
any offense named in this act, and appealing there-
from, shall be committed to abide the sentence of
the criminal court, until he shall recognize, with
sureties, in such reasonable sum as the justice
j shall require, with condition to appear at said
I court, there to prosecute his appeal and to abide
I sentence thereon. On such appeal being taken
and bond filed, the justice shad make a copy of
the conviction and other proceedings in the case
and transmit the same, together with the recog-
nizance, to the clerk of the ciiminal eourt.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXC.—An Act in relation to Malicious
Injuries to, and Trespasses upon, public and
private Property, within the District of Colum-
bia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every person who shall willfully
and maliciously, or wantonly, and without cause,
in the Distuctof Columbia, cut down or destiny,
or by girdling, lopping, or otherwise, injure any
fruit or other tree, not his own, standing or grow-
ing for shade, ornament, or other useful purpose,
or shall maliciously destroy, mutilate, or other-
wise injure any statuary, monument, or other
work of art, standing or being on land not his
own, or shall maliciously break down or injure
any fence inclosing or belonging to another's
land, or shall maliciously sever from the freehold
of another any product thereof, or anything at-
tached thereto, shall be punished by imprison-
ment in jail not more than three months, or by a
find not exceeding one hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person who, in said District, without color of
right, shall willfully commit any trespass by cut-
ting down or destroying any timber or wood
standing on the land of another, or by carrying
away of any kind of timber or wood cut down or
lying on such land, or by digging up or carrying
away any stone, ore, gravel, clay, sand, turf, or
mold from such land, or any roots, fruit, or plant
there being, or by cutting down or carrying away
any grass, hay, grain, or corn, sUmdivg or being
Secretary that said brig was found derelict on the
high seas, withouta name, and subsequently sold
by order of the United States district court for
Massachusetts, and purchased by Charles W.
Adams, of Boston, Massachusetts.
Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap. CC.—An Act providing for the erection of
a Post Office in the city of Philadelphia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proviso of the third section
of an act entitled 44 An act making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty,' • passed March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if the
premises agreed to be purchased by the United
States from the American Philosophical Society
as a site for a court-house, mentioned in the said
third section, should fail to sell on account of any ,
defect or qualification in the title thereto, that then j
the sum of seventy-eight thousand dollars, appro- 1
priated by the act of August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, entitled "An act making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven," for the
purchase and payment of the same, together with
the unexpended balance of the sum of fifty thou-
sand dollars, appropriated by the said act of March
third, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, for the pur-
pose of makingalterations to the building thereby
authorized to be purchased of the Bank of Penn-
sylvania, and the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars, appropriated by the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for completing
and furnishing the said building purchased of the
said Bank of Pennsylvania, and to adapt it to the
use of a post office, at Philadelphia, shall be ap-
plied to carrying out the provisions of the fourth
sectio*h of the said act of March third, eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine, in the following manner,
viz: first, for the purchase of the lots mentioned
and described in the said fourth section as the
,j Bailey and Levy lots, at prices not exceeding the
i' sums in the said fourth section mentioned, and
!,' then for the construction of a building on the said
j lots suitable for a post office and court-house: Pro-
,! tided. That the said property purchased,from the
; Bank of Pennsylvania be sold at a price not less
| than one hundred and ten thousand dollars.
:! Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap. CC1I.—An Act to authorize the Location
of certain Warrants for Bounty Lands hereto-
fore issued.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That warrants for bourfty lands here-
tofore issued under the authority of the act en-
titled "An act to provide for satisfying claims for
bounty lands for military services in the late war
with Great Britain, and for other purposes,"
approved the twenty-seventh day of July, m the
year eighteen hundred and forty-two, and of the
several acts reviving the same, approved the
twenty-sixth day ofJunein the year eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, and the eighth day of Feb-
ruary, in the year eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
may be located, in conformity with the general
laws in force at any time within three years from
the date of this act, and that all entries and loca-
tions made with such warrants since the twenty-
sixth day of June, in the year eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, shall be as valid and effectual as
if the several acts aforesaid had not then expired.
Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act to authorize the Reissue
of Land Warrants in certain Cases, and for
other Purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That whenever it shall appear that any
certificate or warrant, issued in pursuance of any
law of the United States granting bounty land,
has been lost and destroyed, whether the same
had been sold and assigned by the warrantee or
not, the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to cause a new
certificate or warrant of like tenor to be issued in
lieu thereof; which new certificate or warrant may
be assigned, located, and patented in like manner
as other certificates or warrants for bounty land
are now authorized by law to be assigned, loeated,
and patented; and in all cases where warrants
have been, or may be, reissued, the original war-
rant, in whose ever hands it may be, shall be
deemed and held to be null and void, and the as-
j signment thereof, if any there be, fraudulent; and
! no patent shall ever issue for any land located
| therewith, unless such presumption of fraud in
| the assignment be removed by due proof that the
same was executed by the warrantee in good faith
and for a valuable consideration.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Secretary of the Interiorshall be,and he is hereby,
authorized and required to prescribe such rules
and regulations for carrying this act into effect as
he may deem necessary and proper in order to
protect the Government against imposition and
fraud by persons claiming the benefit of this act;
and; and all laws or parts of laws for the punish-
j ishment of false swearing and frauds against the
! United States a«e hereby made applicable to false
! swearing and fraud under this act.
I Approved, June 23, 1860.
I Chap. CCI.—An Act authorizing: the issue of a
' Register for the Bng Charles H. Jordan,
i Be it enacted hi the Senate and IIou*e of Rcpre-
j sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
; assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
i and he is heieby, authorized to issue a register
i for brig Charles H. Jordan, of Boston: Provided,
i! That it shall be proved to the satisfaction of said
Chap. CCIV.—An Act to authorize Notaries
Public in the District of Columbia to take Ac-
knowledgments of Deeds of Conveyance of
Ileal and Personal Estate therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
I sentativesofthe United States of America in Congress
j assembled, That all the powers conferred upon a
I justice or justices of the peace in the District of
1 Columbia by the existing laws, in the acknowl-
| edgment of deeds for the conveyance of real or
j personal estate, may hereafter be exercised by
| any notary public duly appointed within said
i District of Columbia, and when certified under
j the hand and official seal of such notary public,
shall have the same force and effect as if taken or
made by or before a justice or justices of the peace
of said District.
Approved, June 23, I860.
