920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
system of gradual emancipation; but still slavery
continued in the State, as the census of 1820, the
census of 1830, and the census of 1840, show,
until the new constitution of 1847, when nearly
all thdse old slaves had died out, and probably
there were not a half dozen alive. That was the
way slavery was introduced and expired in Illi-
nois. Whatever quibbles there may be about
legal construction, legal right, these are the facts.
Look into'the territorial legislation, and you
will find &S rigorous a code for the protection of
slave property as in any State; a code prescribing
the control of the master, providing that if a negro
slave should leave his master'sfarmwithoutleave,
in the night time, he should be punished by so
many stripes, and if he committed such an offense
he should reccive so many stripes, and so on; as
rigorous a code as ever existed m any southern
State of this Union. Not only that, but after the
State came into the Union, the State of Illinois
reenacted that code, and continued it up to the
time that slavery died out under the operation of
the State constitution.
I dislike, sir, to have a controversy with my
colleague about historical facts. I suppose the
Senate of the United States has no particular in-
terest in the early history of Illinois, but it has
become obligatory on me to vindicate my state-
ment to that extent.
Now, sir, a word about the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. I have had occasion to refer
to that before m the Senate, and I am sorry to
have to refer to it again.
My colleague arraigns me as chairman of the
Committee on Territories against myself as a
member of the Senate in 1854, upon the Nebraska
bill. He says that, as chairman of the commit-
tee, I reported that we did not see proper to de-
part from the example of 1850; that as the Mex-
ican laws were not then repealed in terms, we did
not propose in terms to repeal the Missouri re-
striction, but—there the Senator stops, and there
the essence of the report begins—but, the report
added, this committee proposes to carry out the
principles embodied in the compromise measures
of 1850 in precise language, and then we go on to
state what those principles were; and one was, that
the people of a Territory should settle the ques-
tion of slavery for themselves, and we reported a
bill giving them that power.
Butinasmuch as the powerto introduce slavery,
notwithstanding the Mexican taws, was conferred,
on the Territorial Legislatures under the compro-
mise measures of 1850, the right to introduce it
into Kansas, notwithstanding the Missouri re-
striction, was also proposed to be conferred with-
out expressly icpealing the restriction. The legal
effect was precisely the same. Afterwards some
gentlemen said they would rather have the legal
efT'oct expressed in plain language.
I said, "if you wont a repealing act, have it:
it does not alter the legal effect." I said so at the
time, as the debates show; and hence I putin the
express provision that the Missouri act was there-
by repealed. It did not change the legal effect of
the bill; but that variation of language has been
the staple of a great many stump speeches, a great
many miserable quibbles of county court lawyers,
a great many attempts to prove inconsistency by
small politicians in the country. Be it so. The
people understand that thing. The object I had
m view was to allow the people to do as they
pleased. The first bill accomplished that; the se-
cond bill accomplished it. "Whether that was the
object of others or not, is another question. That
was my object. The two bills in my opinion had
the same legal effect; but I said if any one doubts
it, I will make it plain. Some said "we doubt
whether that gives the right." Then I made it
plain and brought it in in express terms, and he
calls a change of language, without varying the
legal effect, a change of policy. My colleague is
welcome to make the most out of that. I have
had that arraignment over and over again.
The Senator has some doubt as to whether I
am in good standing in my own party; whether I
am a good representative of northwestern Democ-
racy. I have nothing to say about that. I will
allow the people to speak in their conventions on
that subject. Whether 1 represent the Democracy
of Illinois or not, 1 shall not say. The people
understand all that There is no controversy hcie
about that. I can only say that I have been in
the Democratic party all my life, and I know what
our Democrats mean. My colleague indorsed
and approved the compromise measures of 1850.
He was a Democrat a few years ago. Even in
1856, he declared, I believe, that he could not vote
for me, if nominated, but he would vote for Mr.
Buchanan; but, after the nomination, he did not
like the platform, and he went over. I have no
objection to that; it is all right enough. I never
intended to taunt him with inconsistency; but I
do not think he is as safe and as authoritative an
expounder of the Republican party as the Sena-
tor from New York. The Senator from New
York says that a State that does not allow a ne-
gr® to vote on an equality with a white man is a
slave State. I read his speech here to-day. I
suppose the Senator from New York is a pretty
good Republican. I thought he spoke with some
authority for his party. I did not suppose those
neophyteswho had just come into the party were
going to unsettle and unhorse the leader and em-
bodiment of the party so quickly, and prescribe
a platform that would rule out the Senator from
New York. I must be permitted, therefore, to
take the authority of the leaders of the party from
those who are kept in the rank and file until they
have served an apprenticeship. [Laughter.]
The Senator from New York says it is slavery
not to allow the negro to vote. Well, sir, I hold
that that is political slavery. If you disfranchise
a man, you make him a political slave. Deprive
a white man of a voice in his government, and,
politically, he is a slave. Hence the inequality
you create is slavery to that extent. My colleague
will not allow a negro to vote. He lives too far
south in Illinois for that, decidedly. He has to
expound down in Egypt. They have other ex-
positions up north. The creed is pretty black in
the north end of the State; about the center it is a
pretty good mulatto, and it is almost white when
you get down into Egypt. It assumes paler shades
as you go south. The Democrats of Illinois have
one creed, and we can proclaim it everywhere
alike.
The Senator, my colleague, complains that I
represent his party to be in favor of negro equality.
No such thing, says he; " I tell my colleague to
his teeth it is not so." There is something very
fearful in the manner in which he said it! Sen-
ators know that he is a dangerous man who says
things to a man's teeth, and I shall be very cau-
tious how I reply. But he says he does hold that
by the law of God the negro and the white man
are created equal; that is, he says, in a state of
nature; and, therefore, he says he indorses that
clause of the Declaration of Independence as in-
cluding the negro as well as the white man. I do
not think I misstate my collcaguc. He thinks that
clause of the Declaration of Independence includes
the negro as well as the white man. He declares,
therefore, that the negro and the white man were
created equal. What does that Declaration also
say: "We hold these truths to be self evident; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain
inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness." If the negro and
the white man are created equal, and that equality
is an inalienable right, by what authority is my
colleague and his party going to deprive the negro
of that inalienable right whicn he got dircctly from
God? He says the Republican party is not in
favor of according to the negro an inalienable right
that he received directly from his Maker. Oh, no;
he tells me to my teeth that they are not in favor
of that; they will not obey the laws of God at all.
Their creed is to take away inalienable rights.
Well, 1 have found that out before, and that is
just the reason I complain of them, that they are
for taking away inalienable rights.
If they will cling to the doctrine that the Dec-
laration of Independence conferred certain inalien-
able rights, among which is equality between the
white man and the negro, they are bound to make
the human laws they establish conform to those
God-given rights which arc inalienable. If they
believe the first proposition, as honest men, they
are bound to carry the principle to its logical con-
clusion, and give the negro his equality and voice
in the Government; let him vote at elections, hold
office, serve on juries, make him judge, Governor,
[" Senator."] No, they cannot make him a Sen-
ator, because the Supreme Court has decided that
he is not a citizen. The Dred Scott decision is in the
way. Pcrhops that is the reason of the objection
to the Dred Scott decision, that a negro cannot be
a Senator. I say, if you hold that the Almighty
created the negro the equal of the white man, and
that equality be an inalienable right,you are bound
to confer the elective franchise and every other
privilege of political equality on the negro. The
Senator from New York stands up to it like a
man. His logic drove him there, and he had the
honesty to avow the consequence of his own doc-
trine. That is to say, he aid it before the Har-
per's Perry raid, ne did not say it quite as
plainly to-day; fori will do the Senator from New
York the justice to say, that in his speech to-day,
I think he made the most successful effort that I
ever knew him to make in his life, considered as
an attempt to conceal what he meant. [Laugh-
ter. J He dealt in vague generalities; he dealt in
disclaimers and general denials;and he covered it
all up with a verbiage that would allow anybody
to infer just what he pleased, but not to commit
the Senator to anything; and to let the country
know that there was no danger from the success
of the Republican party; that they did not mean
any harm; that if men, believing in the truth of
their doctrines, did go and commit invasions, mur-
ders, robberies, and treason, all they had to do
was to disavow the men who were fools enough
to believe them, and they are not responsible for
the consequences of their own action !
Now, Mr. President, I wish my colleague were
equally as frank as the Senator from New York.
That Senator is in favor of the equality of the
negro with the white man, or else he would not
say that the Almighty guarantied to them an in-
alienable right of equality. My colleague cannot
deny the inalienable rights ofrthe negro, for if he
did, the Abolitionists would quit him. He dare
not avow it, lest the old-line Whigs should quit
him; hence he is riding double on this question.
I have no desire to conceal my opinions; and I
repeat that I do not believe the negro race is any
part of the governing element in this country, ex-
cept as an element of representation in the man-
ner expressly provided in the Constitution. This
is a white man's Government, made by white
men for the benefit of white men, to be adminis-
tered by white men and nobody else; and I should
regret the day that we ever allowed anybody else
to have a hand in its administration. Not that
the negro is not entitled to any privileges at all;
on the contrary, 1 hold that humanity requires us
to allow the unfortunate negro to enjoy all the
rights and privileges that he may safely exercise
consistent with the good of society. We may,
with safety, give them some privileges in Illinois
that would not be safe in Mississippi; because we
have but few, while that State has many. We
will take care of our negroes, if Mississippi will
take care of hers. Each has a right to decide for
itself what shall be the relation of the negro to the
white man within its own limits, and no other
State has a right to interfere with its determin-
ation.
On that principle there is no " irrepressible con-
flict;" there is no conflict at all. If we will just
take care of our own negroes, and mind our own
business, we shall get along very well; and we
ask our southern friends to do the same, and they
seem pretty well disposed to do it. Therefore, I
am in favor of just firing a broadside into our Re-
publican friends over there, who will keep inter-
fering with other people's business. That is the
complaint I have of them. They keep holding
up the negro for us to worship, and when they
get the power, they will not give him the rights
they claim for him; they will not give him his
inalienable rights. New York has not given the
negro those inalienable rights of suffrage yet. The
Senator from New York represents a slave State,
according to his own speech; becausc New York
does not allow the negro to vote on an equality
with a white man. It is true, in New York, they
do allow a negro to vote, if he owns $250 worth
of property, but not without. They suppose $250
just compensates for the difference between a rich
negro and a poor white man. [Laughter.] They
allow the rich negro to vote, and do not allow the
poor one; and the Senator from New York thinks
that is a system of slavery. It may be; let New
York decide that; it is her business. I do not
want to interfere with it. Just let us alone. We
do not want negro suffrage. We say " non-in-
terference; hands off." If you like the associa-
tion of the negroes at the polls, that is your busi-
ness; if you want them to hold office, so that they
