I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laws of the United States.
36th Costg. .. .IstSess.
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental'ex-
penses, two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in his office, fifteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Cali-
fornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger, two
tnousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
"Washington Territory, and the clerks in his office,
seven thousand dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand five hundred
dollars. '
For compensation of the surveyor general of:
iNew Mexico, and the clerks in his office, seven i
thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in New j
Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci- i
dental expenses, two thousand five hundred dol- !
lars. !
For compensation of translator in the office of !
the surveyor general of New Mexico, one thou- I
sand four hundred and sixty-seven dollars and six j
cents.
For compensation of the surveyor general of j
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For office rent of the sin veyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Utah, and the clerks in his office, eiirht thousand
dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in Utah,
fuel, stationery, and other incidental expenses,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of clerks in the offices of the
surveyors general, to be apportioned to them ac-
cording to the exigencies of the public service, and
to be employed in transcribing field notes of sut-
veys, for the purpose of preserving them at the
seat of Government, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis-
souri, five hundred dollars.
War Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-two thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
ill the office of the AdjutantGeneral, thirteen thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartet master General, sixteen
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger j
in thcofficeofthePaymasterGeneral,twelve thou-
sand four hundred and forty dollars. 1
Forcompensation of theclerks,messenger,and j
laborer in tile office of the Commissary General, j
ten thousand and foi ty dollats.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, live thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and :
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers, j
ten thousand six hundred and forty dollars. i
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War:
For blank books, stationery, books, maps, extra
clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two daily Washington
papers, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, four hundred dollars.
Office of Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers:
For.blank books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northwest Executive Building,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, four
thousand dollars.
For the general pvrposcs of the building corner of
Fund Seventeenth streets.
Forcompensation of superintendent,four watch-
men, and two laborers for said building, three
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and mis-
cellaneous items, four thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Navy Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, n^essenger, assistant messenger,
and laborer in his office, twenty-nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau
of Navy-Yards and Docks, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, fourteen thou-
sand one hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau
of Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks,
messenger, and laborer in his office, twelve thou-
sand three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau
of Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and of :
the engineer-in-ehief, and the clerks, messenger, I
and laboreis ill his office, twenty-one thousand !
three hundred and forty dollars.
I^or compensation of the clerks, messenger, [
and laborer 111 the bureau of Provisions and Cloth- j
ing, eight thousand eight hundred and forty dol- 1
lars. |
For compensation of the chief of the bureau
of Medicine and Surgery, and the clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer in his office, nine thousand five \
hundred and forty dollars. j
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office of the Secretary of the Navy: :
For blank books, binding, stationery, newspa-
pers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items, two ]
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars. j
Bureau of Yards and Docks: j
For stationery, books, plans, and drawings,
eight hundred dollars. j
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography: j
For blank books,stationery,and miscellaneous j
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars. j
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs:
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For blank books, stationery, and miscellane-
ous items, four hundred and fifty dollars..
For the general purposes of the Southwest Executive
Buiiding.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
Southwest Executive Building,two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said bailding, viz:
for labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous, items,
three thousand nine hundred and thirteen dol-
lars.
Post Office Department.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers of said Department, one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Contingent expenses of said Department:
For blank-books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including the
Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, printing,
day watchmen, and for miscellaneous items, for
repairs of the General Post Office building, for
office furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing,
and for keeping the fire-places and furnaces in
order, fifteen thousand dollars.
General Post Office Extension.
For watchmen, engineer, (for steam engines,)
| laboreis, fuel, gas, candles, repairs of furniture,
j and for miscellaneous items, ten thousand dol-
i lars.
! Printing for Executive Departments.
| For paper and printing for the Executive De-
| partments, including the annual estimates of ap-
: propriations,and the paper, printing,and binding
: of the annual statement of commerce and naviga-
| tion of the United States, fifty-five thousand dol-
; lars.
j Mint of the United States at Philadelphia.
| For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
: melter and refiner, chief coiner and engraver, as-
sistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner, and
seven clerks, twenty-seven thousand nine hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, sixty-
seven thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
thirty thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be reserved
at the Mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from the New
York assay office to the United States Mint for
coinage, five thousand dollars.
At San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent,' treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and five clerks,
thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, ninety-
six thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight dol-
lars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
twenty-nine thousand four hundred and forty dol-
lars and twenty-one cents.
Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerk, twenty-four
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-four thousand
dollars.
At New Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, coiner, melter and refiner, and three clerks,
eighteen thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, twenty-eight thousand
five hundred and nineteen dollars and forty-five
cents.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
thirty thousand dollars.
At Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand five
hundred dollars. '
