500
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
36tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
■At Dahlonega, Georgia.
Far salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
government in the territories.
Territory of New Mexico.
Forsalaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand dollars.
■For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For interpreter and translator in the executive
office, five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
. For salaries of the Governor, three judges, and
secretary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thftusand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Kansas.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and
secretary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court,and eight associate justices, fifty-four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and thirteen thousand two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
six thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the District j
of Columbia, the associate judges, and thejudges :
of the criminal court and the orphans' court, !
fifteen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
OJjice of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, Assistant
Attorney General, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, seventeen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, two thousand dollars.
For the purchase of law and necessary books
for the office of the Attorney General, five hun-
dred dollars.
For the purchase of deficient State reports and
statutes for the office of the Attorney General,
five hundred dollars.
For fuel and labor for the office of the Attorney
General, five hundred dollars.
For furniture and! ook-cases for office of Attor-
ney General, three hundred dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary ex-
penditures in the disposal of private land claims
m California, ten thousand dollars.
For special and other extraordinary expenses
of California land claims, twenty thousand dol- i
lars. j
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of)
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred !
dollars.
For one hundred and fifty copies of volume
twenty-third'of Howard's Reports of Decisions of I
the Supreme Court of the United States, to be fur-
nished by the reporter thereof to the State De-
partment for distribution according to existing
laws, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eleven thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, ten thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including the District of Columbia; also for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and foifeitures incurred in the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, and previous years; and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, one million
of dollars.
For the detection and bringing to trial of per-
sons engaged in counterfeiting the com of the
United States, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, ten thousand
dollars.
Independent Treasury.
For salaries of the assistant treasurers of the
United States at NewYork, Boston, Charleston,
and Saint Louis, sixteen thousand five hundred
dollars.
For additional salaries of the treasurer of the
Mint at Philadelphia of one thousand dollars,and
of the treasurer of the branch mint at New Or-
leans of five hundred dollars, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salaries of five of the additional clerks au-
thorized by xhe acts of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, and paid under acts of
twelfth August,eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,five
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For salary of additional clerk in office of assist-
ant treasurer at Boston, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For salaries of clerks, messengers and watch-
men in the office of the assistant treasurer at New
York, thirteen thousand nine hundred dollars.
For salaries of nine supervising and fifty local
inspectors, appointed under act .thirtieth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for the better pro-
tection of the lives of passengers by steamboats,
with traveling and other expenses incurred by
tiiein, eighty thousand dollars.
For compensation to the laborer in charge of
the water-closets in the Capitol, four hundred and
thirty-eight dollars.
For compensation to the public gardener, one
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation to twenty-two laborers em- !
ployed in the public grounds and President's gar- !
den, thirteen thousand two hundred dollars. !
For compensation of the keeper of the western i
gate, Capitol square, eight hundred and seventy- }
six dollars. j
For compensation of two day watchmen em- I
ployed in the Capitol square, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For compensation of two night watchmen em-
ployed at the President's house, one thousand
two hundred dollars. j
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the Pres- :
ident's house, six hundred dollars. j
For compensation of the assistant doorkeeper 1
at the President's house, six hundred dollars. 1
£or compensation ot one night watchman em-
ployed for the better protection of the buildups
lying south of the Capitol, and used as public
stables and carpenters' shops, six hundred dol-
lars. i
For compensation of watchmen employed on ,
reservation number two, six hundied dollars.
For compensation of four draw-keepers at the >
Potomac bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps,
three thousand two hundred and sixty-six dol- ;
lars.
For compensation of two draw-keepers at the '
two bridges across the eastern branch of the Po-
tomac, and for fuel, oil,and lamps, one thousand -
one hundred and eighty dollars. !
For compensation of the auxiliary guard, and !
one lieutenant, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, and I
for twenty policemen, to be appointed in the same
manner as the auxiliary guard, thirty-two thou-
sand four hundred dollars; and that there be paid
to the Corporation of the city of Washington out
of money heretofore appropriated the compensa-
tion of one lieutenant of police.
For furnace-keeper at the President's house,
six hundred dollars.
Expenses of the Collection of Revenue from Lands.
To meet the expenses of collecting the revenue
from the sale of public lands in the several States
and Territories:
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys, two
hundred and sixty-two thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For expenses of depositing public moneys by
receivers of public moneys, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For incidental expenses of the several land
offices, thirty thousand dollars.
Penitentiary.
For compensation of the warden, clerk, phy-
sician, chaplain, assistant keepers, guards, and
matron of the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, thirteen thousand six hundred and forty
dollars.
For compensation of three inspectors of said
penitentiary, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For the support and maintenance of said pen-
itentiary, six thousand two hundred and ninety-
six dollars and twenty-five cents.
For payment of messengers of the respective
States for conveying to the seat of Government
j the votes of the electors of the said States for
i President and Vice President of the United States,
■ twenty thousand dollars,
i Sec. 9. Jlndbe it further enacted, That the twen-
! ty third section of the act entitled " An act legal-
I izing and making appropriations for such neces-
' sary objects as have usually been included in the
! general appropriation bills without authority of
! law, and to fix and provide for certain incidental
expenses of the Departments and offices of the
Government, and for other purposes," approved
twenty-sixth August, eighteen hundred and for-
ty-two, is hereby repealed: And the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized to pay, out of
j any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
! propnated, such amount as may by him be re-
j garded as reasonable and just for the rent of the
j rooms occupied by the United States courts at
! Los Angelos, California, from the twenty-seventh
! October, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to the
: fifth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six: Pro-
j tided, That the whole amount paid shall not ex-
! ceed the sum of three thousand dollars.
| Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all pur-
| chases and contracts for supplies or services in
any of the departments of the Government, ex-
cept for personal services, when the public exi-
gencies do not require the immediate delivery of
the article or articles, or performance of the ser-
vice, shall be made by advertising, a sufficient
time previously, for proposals respecting the
same. When immediate delivery or performance
is required by the public exigency, the articles or
service required may be procured by open pur-
chase or contract at the places and in the manner
in which such articles are usually bought and
sold, or such services engaged between individ-
uals. No contract or purchase shall hereafter be
made unless the same be authorized by law, or be
under an appropriation adequate to its fulfillment,
except in the War and Navy Departments, for
clothing, subsistence, forage, fuel, quarters or
transportation, which, however, shall not exceed
the necessities of the cunent year. No arms,
nor military supplies whatever, which are of a
patented invention, shall be purchased, nor the
right of using or applying any patented inven-
tion, unless tin* same shall bo authorized by law,
and the appropriation therefor explicitly set forth
that it is for such patented invention.
Sec. -J. Jbul be it further enactcd. That the Sec-
cretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to pay out of the unexpended balance of apnro-
prialion for the war debt of the Slate of Califor-
nia, roade by the last section of the net approved
August fittli, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, en-
titled " An act making appropriation for the sup-
