922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
HEIRS OV WILLIAM YORK.
Mr. GARTRELL. A few days ago I intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the heirs of "William
York, which was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. I now move to refer all the
papers on file in the Clerk's office in that case to
the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OE KANSAS.
Mr. PARROTT presented the joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, asking admission
into the Union under the Wyandotte constitution;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
DIFFICULTIES ON THE FRONTIER.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public service, to transmit to this House
copies of an}' official correspondence which the Department
has recently had with Governor Houston and others, con-
cerning difficulties on the southwestern frontier; and also
thatho inform the House wlntt measures, if any, have been
taken to protect our citizens and preserve the peace of the
country; that he als o inform the House whether orders
have been issued authorising our troops to enter any of the
States of Mexico; and if so, that copies of such orders he
transmitted to us, with all other important information re-
lating to the matter, in possession of the Deportment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that resolution.
UNITED STATES COURT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. POTTLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to provide for the
holding of the terms of the district court for the
northern district of New York at Canandaigua,
in the county of Ontario, instead of the city of
Rochester.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the reception of the bill?
Mr. BURNETT. I do.
CORRECTION OF TIIE JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Ruffin] to correct the Journal of
Monday, by the insertion of his name for Mr.
Glossbrenner in the last vote for Printer; upon
which the gentleman from North Carolina is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. RUFFIN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I arose
to a question of privilege, and moved to correct
the Journal of the House, that it may conform to
the facts in the vote that was last taken for Printer
of the House. On the last (or sixteenth) vote for
Printer, my name is not recorded. How this hap-
pened I am at a loss to know, and I am satisfied
the Journal is not correct. During the six years
that I have been a member of this House, I think
I have never missed a vote on the call of the roll,
except when absent from the city or confined to
my bed by sickness, for I have never paired off
at any time. "When 1 learned yesterday that my
name was not recorded, I was greatly astonished,
fori was quite certain that I had responded to my
name on every call of the roll the day before, and.
that on each vote for Printer I had voted for Mr.
Glossbrenner. It immediately occurred to me that
I had a distinct recollection of the place at which
I stood when I responded to my name on the last
vote; that I arose from a chair to respond, and
stood at the door of the cloak room on this side
the Hall, next to the central door; and in my
recollection of this, I do not think my memory
can possibly be at fault; and I feci perfectly sat-
isfied that I voted on that roll-call. As this is a
matter of importance, and as there are several
gentlemen whose recollections will sustain the
statement I have made, I hope they will state to
the House such facts as they may know relative
to the matter now before it. I will yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. HINDMAN. On the day of the election
of Printer for the House of Representatives, when
the last vote was being taken, I was sitting just
within the bar, near the east door of the cloak
room on this side of the House. I heard the name
of Mr. RuFriN*,of North Carolina, called, and dis-
tinctly hoard him respond It well known to
gentlemen here that the tones of his voice are pe-
culiar; and t^e manner of his answering, as he
cast his vote for Mr. Glossbrenner, was distinct
and ringing, so as to attract my attention. I looked
towards him, and saw him step do\\n the aisle
next the central aisle. Supposing that there was
about to be an election, which 1 had not before
anti cipated, I folio wed him: awd when he was about
the middle of the aisle, as nearly as I recollect, he
inquired of the Clerk if his name was recorded.
The Clerk responded that it was. He then took
his scat, and I sat near him until the result was
announced; which was, that Mr. Ford was elected
Printer. Of the facts which I have thus stated, I
am perfectly confident. There is not a shade of
doubt in my mind as to their entire accuracy.
Mr. FLORENCE. My memory is very clear
and distinct in relation to the vote of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. I did not hear him
respond when his name was first called; but he
came down the aisle just about the time that that
slight confqsion was going on here, and gentle-
men upon the opposite side were cxercised in their
minds as to changing their votes, and making in-
quiries whether their votes were recorded, and for
whom. Just as a gentleman who was ono of the
tellers was about making his report, Mr. Ruffin
called out very distinctly, standing just in the
aisle as the gentleman from Arkansas stated, and
asked whether his name was recorded. The Clerk
seemed to put his finger on the taily-paper, and
then turned round and nodded affirmatively to the
Speaker, who then intimated that the gentleman's
name was recorded. I have a clear and distinct
recollection of the fact. I felt interested at the
time to know whether there was or was not an elec-
tion. It was at the moment when Mr. Reynolds,
of New York, recorded his vote; and he, if my
memory serves me, was the last to record his vote
for Mr. Ford, of Ohio. Mr. John Cochrane, of
New York, will verify my statement. Mr. Sickles,
of New York, also has a clear recollection of the
fact. Governor "Win slow, of North Carolina, also
recollects that his colleague voted. There is no
doubt on the question, and the gentlemen I have
named will confirm the declarations already made.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate of the
United States, by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, notifying the House that that body
had ordered the printing of the following docu-
ments:
Memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of New !
York, on the subject of international law as to j
damages resulting from collisions at sea; and i
Report of the Postmaster General, inclosing a j
statement of postage received in each State and
Territory annually since 1840.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL AGAIN.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My remembrance
confirms all that has been stated by the gentleman j
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WINSLOW. I have a distinct recollection
that my colleague asked whether his name was
recorded, and that the answer was that it was.
Mr. ASHMORE. I have a distinct recollection
that the gentleman from North Carolina came
down the aisle to within two feet of where I was,
and inquired whether his name was recorded upon
the vote for Printer. I did not hear his first re-
sponse to the roll-call. I understood the response
to his inquiry to be, that his name was recorded,
and recorded for Mr. Glossbrenner.
Mr. RUFFIN. I ask the gentleman from Ore-
gon to state to the House what is his recollection.
Mr. STOUT. I will simply state that my
recollection confirms what has been already stated
to the House by other members. I saw the gen-
tleman from North Carolina come down the aisle
which is next to th^ main passage-way, and heard
him address the Speaker, asking; whether his name
was recorded on the vote for Printer. My recol-
lection is, that the Speaker responded that the
tleman's name was recorded. My recollection
of that fact is clear end distinct. 1 "know that the
inquiry and response were mode upon the last
ballot; for, at the time, many of the members were
ready to leave the House.
Mr. RUFFIN. I hope the gentleman from In-
diana. [Mr. Davis,] one of the tellers, will now
make his statement as to the manner in which the
tally was kept, and the confusion which existed
among the tellers.
Mr. KILGORE. There need be no controversy
on the matter. None on this side of the House
object to the correction of the Journal.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon the statements already
made, without any further declaration, every gen-
tleman must be satisfied that the gentleman from
North Carolina voted, and that his name is not
recorded; and that it ought to be made to appear
upon the Journal. He has a right to have his
vote recorded, under the circumstances; and 1
hope, whatever may be the consequences, that the
correction of the Journal will be made, and that
the gentleman's vote will be recorded.
Mr. STANTON. A number of gentleman on
this side of the House have a very distinct recol-
lection that the gentleman from North Carolina
made the inquiry whether his vote was recorded,
and that he was answered that it was. If the gen-
tleman from North Carolina says now absolutely
that he did vote in the roll-call, then there is an
end of the matter; and the correction ought to be
made.
Mr. RUFFIN. My rccollcction is distinct, that
such is the fact.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, it is the duty of
every member to vote when his name is called.
The Clerk reads over the names in order that
members may see whether they are recorded or
not. It is the duty of every member to see that
he is rightly recorded. I do not make these re-
marks as applicable to this case, but to call the
attention of the House to the fact that we have at
this session fallen into a practice of neglecting to
answer when wc are called, and then producing
confusion by members rising up in all parts of the
Hall and asking whether their names arc or are not
recorded, and how recorded. If members would
answer when their names an^talled it would save
the clerks trouble and the time of the House, and
prevent confusion and liability to errors m the
vote. I hope that members will hereafter correct
this practice, which must be admitted to be a bad
one.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania addresses his remaiks to this side of the
House, I will remind him that on the last vote
for Printer, the confusion and trouble then ex-
perienced were the result entirely of the changes
of votes that were made by members on the other
side.
Mr. GROW. I have only a word more to say.
To prevent all misunderstanding, I will say that
I do not apply my remarks particulaily to any
side of the House. I apply them to no individual
or party; but I make them to break up, if possi-
ble, the bad practice I have referred to, that has
grown up during this Congress. The neglect of
members to vote on the roll-call is greater at this
session than ever before during my service in
Congress.
Mr. WINSLOW. That is so. In addition,
I will state that much of the confusion arises from
the fact that members, during the vote, crowd
around the desk and communicate with the tellers
to ascertain how the vote is, in order that they
may regulate their action. I think that practice
ought to be stopped.
Mr. RUFFIN. There is probably no mem-
ber upon this floor more particular about his vote
than I am; and it is a common thing with me, after
I have voted, to go to the Clerk's desk and ascer-
tain for myself, or inquire of the Speaker, whether
my name is recorded. It is a thing I often do.
I do not think that I have missed a single vote
since I have been serving here, whetf I was able to
attend the sittings of the House.
Mr. GROW. I have notfinished^ny remarks.
Who has the floor?
Mr. RUFFIN. I have for an hour, and I have
only yielded to the gentlemen who have spoken.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me, that I may conclude what I have to say. I
do not make the point with any reference to this
case: but I hold that it is no time to correct the
Journal, except when it is read, and before it is
approved. It is too late to go back when the
House has passed to other business. I do not
object to the correction in this case.
Mr. FLORENCE. With the consent of the
gentleman from North Carolina, I will say to my
colleague, in reply to his lecture to the House,
that if the House is worse now, and has worse
habits than formerly, it is because the House now
is not constituted of the same elements that it was;
that the elements now are more diverse and per-
verse than heretofore. [Laughter.]
To come back to the correction of the Journal.
