1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
If the correction be made, is Mr. Ford Printer of
this House ? He now, to be sure, occupies a legal
relation as Printer of this House; but in case the
corrcction is made, will it not have the effect of
ousting him, and making the place of Printer va-
cant? It is better that wo should look at this point,
and at once settle ir. There ought to be a Printer
elected by a majority vote of this House; and
when the correction is made, Mr. Ford wiil not
stand in that position. I hold, when the correc-
tion is made, the House*must proceed immedi-
ately to the election of a Printer.
MlWASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
objection to the correction, and I hope that it will
now be made without further debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood my colleague
as objecting.
Mr. GROW. I expressly stated that I did not
object to the correction of the Journal.
Mr. STOUT. The Globe fails to state that I
voted for Mr. Glossbrenner on the last vote, but
it does not change the result; for Mr. Stokes is
reported as voting for Mr. Glossbrenner and for
Mr. Ford.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That was a
typographical error; Mr. Stokes was misprinted
for Mr. SrouT.
Mr. CORWIN. What is the question?
The SPEAKER. On the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, that the Journal be
corrected in the manner that he has stated.
Mr. CORWIN. I suppose there is no doubt
in the House that the Journal ought to be cor-
rected according to the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina? That correction being
made, it will make the vote for Printer a tie vote.
Mr. RUFFIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORWIN. If the gentleman's name had
been recorded, there would at the time have been
no election of Printer. When the Journal is cor-
rected, it will not show that any Printer has been
elected. For the purpose, therefore, of coming
to as rapid a conclusion as may be possible, and
with a view to correct the procedure in this case,
I move the adoption of the resolution winch 1
send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, on the 27th dav of February, 1850, an election
was had lor Printer of this House loi the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress; and it appearing, from the report of the tellers., that
Thomas H. Ford had lcceived a majority of ail the votes
given, he was declaied by the Speaker of this House to be
elected as such Pi inter: andwheieas tliat fact being cer-
tified to said Ford by the Clerk of tins House, he imme-
diately entered upon the discharge of Ins duties as such
Pi inter: Now, therefore, notwithstanding any alleged in-
formality or urroi in said election,
Resolved, Th.it the said Thomas H. Ford be. and he is
hereby, declared to be the Printer of this House for the said
Thirty-Sixth Congiess.
Mr. RUFFIN. I cannotyield the floor forthe
introduction of that resolution. I wish the House
first to act upon my motion. I have a right, I
think, to have my name entered upon the Journal,
as having voted for Mr. Glossbrenner. I call the
previous question upon my motion.
Mr. BRANCH. For the purpose of informa-
tion, I wish to put this question to the Chair.
Does the Chair hold that the Journal can only be
amended on the motion of a member of th« House,
or does he decide that my colleague has a right to
have the Journal showthefactsasthey are? Inas-
much as there is no objection in this case to the
corrcction, Idonotpropose to raise any point upon
it now, though it is not clear to my mind that a
vote of the House is necessary. I do not make
the point now, but simply reserve it for another
occasion.
The SPEAKER. It appears to the Chair that
a correction may be made, on motion of a mem-
ber. The Journal having been read, the gentleman
from North Carolina makes a motion to correct
the Journal, which is a proper motion for the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr. BRANCtl. The authority on which I
would make the point, if the case were one upon
which I thought proper to raise it, is the follow-
ing, found m a very valuable compend of ourrules,
recently published by one of our clerks, Mr. Bar-
clay:
" When a member's vote is incorrectly recorded, il is his
right, on th<* next day, to have the Journal enrreeted ac-
coidmgly. Cut it is not in oider to ehanpe a correct record
of a vote given under a misapprehension."
The authority on which that statement is made
in the compend is a case which occurred in the
Thirtieth Congress; and by reference to that case
I find it so treated there, and that the case was re-
ceived as a claim founded upon the right of a mem-
ber, without any vote of the House at all.
I repeat, however, that I do not wish to make
the point in this case, but reserve it, for it may at
some future time be important.
Mr. GROW. The point of privilege of a mem-
ber is just this: if the Journal shows upon its face
anything to be done, as that a member voted, and
the member alleges that he did not vote, he has a
right to have the Journal corrected. But where
the Journal does not show an act done, the Jour-
nal must be corrected by a vote of the House.
That is this case. If a gentleman is recorded as
having voted for Glossbrenner, when he voted for
Foid, he would have a right to have the vote
changcd from Ford to Glossbrenner, because the
vote is upon the Journal. In this case it is not
upon the Journal.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the motion of Mr. Ruffin
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The motion having been
agreed to, the Journal will be corrected accord-
ingly, and the election of Printer will be treated
as a nullity.
Mr. CORWIN. I now offer the resolution I
sent to the desk.
#Ir. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
the resolution.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. If objected to, the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio is not in order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
The SPEAKER. Nothing is in order but the
election of a Printer.
CALL OF THE IIOtSE.
Air. BARKSDALE. I move there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The error in
the Journal having been corrected, there has been
no election of a Printer. As many members may
not have been aware of that fact, the House is not
likely to-day to be as full as it should be when an
election takes place; and I would suggest whether
it would not be best to postpone the election until
to-morrow, or some other day. [Criesof " No!"
"No!"] If it is believed that the House is
ready for a vote, I will not make a motion to
postpone.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion
if there is a general understanding that an election
is not to be gone into to-day; but I shall insist
upon it if a vote is to be taken now.
Mr. S TAN TON. Am I to understand that the
Chair has decided that the resolution of my col-
league [Mr. Cokwin] is not in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decided, ob-
jection being made.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand the gentle-
man from Maine to suggest that the election of
Printer be postponed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I made no mo-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I insist upon my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Mes^i*. Ashley, Beale, Bonham. Brown, Bunouzhs, Hor-
ace F. Claik, Clemen*, Clark b Coehiane, Delano, DupII,
Edward--. Fonton, Frank, Flaidemnn, Ilaskm, Ivcitt, Ken-
yon, Kunkel, Lamai, Chaiies I). Martin, McClcrnand, La-
ban T. Moore, I'nimer, Pryoi, llust, Scranton, Stevens,
Train, Yariflover, Wade, and Woodson.
Dunne: the call,
Mr. WELLS stated thatMr. Duell waspaired
oft* with Mr. Iveitt for the remainder of the
week.
Mr. HALL stated that Mr. FtNTuNwas paired
off with Mr. Maciay.
Mr. FOUKE. I am paired off with Mr Del-
ano. That pair expired to-day; but, understand-
ing that Mr. Delano has not returned, I aui dis-
posed to continue the pair for the day.
Mr. POTTLE stated that Mr. Burroughs was
paired off with Mr. Hardeman, for to-day, upon
all questions connected with the election of a
Printer.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Scranton
was paired off with Mr. Pryor for the week.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
Mr. Stewart, of Maryland, was paired off with
Mr. Wade.
Mr. PHELPS stated that Mr. Stout was
paired off with Mr. Stratton.
Mr. SPINNER stated that Mr. Beaxe was
paired off with Mr. Woodson.
Mr. McQ,UEEN stated that Mr. Bonham was
confined to his room by sickness, and had paired
off with Mr. Vandever, upon the question ofthe
election of a Printer.
Mr. CONKLING stated that Mr. Frank was
paired off until the 8th of March with Mr. Gar-
nett.
Mr. HATTON stated that Mr. Hardeman
was confined to his room by severe illness.
Mr. CONKLING stated that Mr. Kenton was
paired off with Mr. Horace F. Clark.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I am paired off with Mr.
Lamar upon all questions connected with the elec-
tion of Printer, with the privilege of transferring
the pair. I transfer it to Mr. Potter.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Palmer was
paired off with'Mr. Rust.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, stated that Mr. Mc-
Clernand was paired with Mr. Conkling during
the remainder of the day.
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Train was
paired off with Mr. Larrabee.
Mr. VAN WYCK stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hindman for the remainder of the day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Edwards upon all questions
connected with the election of a Printer.
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Ashley was
paired of with Mr. Niblack.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, said: Since my name
was called, I have paired off with Mr. Ferry, for
his accommodation.
The names of the absentees were then an-
nounced, as above recorded.
By unanimous consent, all further proceedings
under the call were dispensed with.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the election
of a Printer be postponed until to-morrow. Q,uite
i a number of members are absent to hear "Irre-
pressible Conflict" in the Senate to-day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope not. Let us go on
and dispose of this matter.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. There are some gentlemen
on our side of the House who are absent, and I
suppose that gentlemen on the other side do not
desire to procecd with the election to-day. We
might as well postpone the election till to-morrow,
and go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Not expecting that the election
would come up this morning, several members are
absent from the House. We do not desire to
make any dilatory motions on this side with a
view of preventing a vote being taken; but I think
that we might, by common consent, agree to let the
election go over till to-morrow at two o'clock. I
therefore move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whoha on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not consider
that motion in order, pending the election of
Printer. v
Mr. BURNETTi Then I move to postpone
the election tillMonday next, at two o'clock; and
on that I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
motion te postpone will not prevail. We have
wasted enough of the public time on this matter.
I hope we will waste no more, but proceed to the
election to-day.
Mr. BURNETT. In response to the remark
of the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, I desire to say that the wasting of the public
time m this matter has not been on this side of the
House.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I did not say
that it was.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to say, for my part,
that I do not see what is to be accomplished by
any further postponement.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understood thegentlc-
i man from New York [Mr. Humphrey] to state
j that if any gentlemaa on this side of the House
! was absent unpaired, he would consent to pair
f off with him. With that understanding I have no
objection to proceed with the election
Mr. GROW. 1 do not know of any such
agreement.
