502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 25,
36th Com.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the. United States.
froht of the public grounds, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For annual repairs of the Capitol, water-closets,
public stables, water-pipes, pavements, and other
walks within the Capitol square, broken glass
and locks, five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's house
and furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase
of plants forgarden, and contingent expenses inci-
dent thereto, six thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's house, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's house,
the public grounds around them and around the
Executive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue,
Bridge and High streets in Georgetown, Four-
and-a-half, Seventh, and Twelfth streets across
the Mall, forty-two thousand dollars. And the
act incorporating the Washington Gas Light
Company is hereby so Amended as to prohibit
said company from receiving, after the thirty-first
day of December next, more than thirty-five cents
per hundred cubic feet of gas, furnished by it to
any consumer, subject to a discount of not less
than ten per centum on all bills for'gas, if paid at
the office of said company within five days from
the rendition thereof, provided all arrears shall
have been previously paid.
For purchase 6f books for library at the Execu-
tive mansion, to be .expended under th,e direction
of the Presidentof the United States, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For the repairs of the Potomac, Navy-Yard,
and upper bridges, six thousand dollars.
For taking down and rebuilding the southern-
most span of thebridgeacross thePotomac, known
as the Long Bridge, three thousand two hundred
and forty-seven dollars and fifty-four cents.
. For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, three thou-
sand dollars.
For grading and graveling B street south, from
Seventh to Fourteenth streets west, setting curb,
and paving gutter with stone, and footway with
brick on the north side of the same, next to the
public reservation, seven thousand nine hundred
and seventy-nine dollars and fifty cents.
For inclosing the circle at the intersection of
Pennsylvaniaavenueand New Hampshire avenue
and K and Twenty-Third streets with a wrought-
iron railing, five feet high, nine thousand and
eighteen dollars and forty-seven cents.
For public reservation number two, and La
Fayette square, two thousand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's house, continuing the improvement of
the same, and keeping them in order, five hun-
dred dollars.
For repairs of water-pipes, five hundred dollars.
For cleaning out the sewer-traps on Pennsyl-
vania auenue, and repairing the same, three hun-
dred dollars.
For repairing the fence around that portion of
the Mall upon which the Smithsonian building is
situated, five hundred dollars.
For curbing, paving footwalk and gutter, lay-
ing stone footway and grading on the south side
of Missouri avenue, from Third to Sixth streets
west, one thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine
dollars and thirty-seven cents.
For seats of wood in the Smithsonian grounds,
one hundred dollars.
Survey of the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands, (exclusive of
California, Oregon, Washington, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, and Utah,) including inci-
dental expenses and island surveys in the interior,
and all other special and difficult surveys demand-
ingaugmented rates, to be apportioned and applied
to the several surveying districts, according to
the exigencies of the public service, including
expenses of selecting swamp lands and the con£
pensation and expenses to survey or to locate pri-
vate land claims in Louisiana, in addition to the
unexpended balances of all former appropriations,
fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, to be disbursed at the rates
prescribed by law for the different kinds of work,
twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in New Mexico, ten thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Kansas and
Nebraska, also outlines of Indian reservations,
twenty thousand dollars.
For salary of the clerk detailed for the special
service in the General Land Office to attend to the
unfinished surveys in the States, when the offices
of the surveyors general have been closed, two
thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to be
disbursed at the rates now authorized by law,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Washington
Territory, at the rates now authorized by law,
fifteen thousand dollars.
Patent Office.
For drawings to illustrate the report ofthe Com-
missioner of Patents for the year eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, six thousand dollars.
For collection of agricultural statistics, inves-
tigations for promoting agricultural arid rural
economy, and the procurement of cuttings and
seeds, sixty thousand dollars: Provided, however,
That in the expenditure of this appropriation,
and especially in the selection of cuttings and
seeds for distribution, due regard shall be had to
the purposes of general cultivation, and the en-
couragement of the agricultural and rural inter-
ests of all parts of the United States: Provided,
That no part of this amount shall be expended
as a commission, exchange, gift, dividend, or
loan, or as compensation for extra services to any
clerk, messenger, watchman, or other person
already receiving a salary or wages under the
government of the United States, nor to any part-
ner, employe, or member of the family of any
such clerk, messenger, watch man, or other person
so employed by the United States as aforesaid;
and should the provisions of this section be vio-
lated, or any such employe of the United States
be detected, or be known to sell, exchange, or
otherwise dispose of any cuttings, seeds, or other
property arising from this or any previous agri-
cultural appropriation by Congress, every such
clerk, messenger, watchman, or other person
receiving a salary or wages, as aforesaid, shall
be dismissed from office.
For expenses of receiving, arranging, and tak-
ing care of copyright books, charts, and other
copyright matter, one thousand four hundred
dollars.
Government Hospital for the Insane.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the District of Columbia,
and of the Army and Navy, at the asylum in
said District, thirty thousand dollars.
For books and incidental expenses of the asy-
lum, five hundred dollars,.
For completion of the four eastern sections of
the east wing of the hospital cdifice, thirty-six
thousand one hundred and eleven dollars.
For furnishing the four eastern sections of the
east wing of the hospital edifice, five thousand
three hundred and forty-thrpe dollars.
For extending the heating apparatus into the
four eastern sections of the hospital edifice, five
thousand dollars.
For erecting, furnishing, lighting, and heating
a lodge for colored women, corresponding to that
already erected and occupied by colored men, ten
thousand dollars.
For a gas-holder, to be placed in a position in
the rear of the east wing of the hospital, corre-
sponding to that occupied by the present gas-
holder in the rear of the west wing, one thousand
dollars.
Exploring Expedition.
For preservation of the collections of the ex-
ploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, four thousand dollars.
Institution of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind.
For salaries and incidental expenses of the
Institution of the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind, in the
District of Columbia, three thousand dollars.
_ For expenses to he' incurred in taking the
eighth census of the inhabitants of the United
States, one million dollars.
For extension of the General Post Office, sev-
enty thousand dollars.
Botanic Garden.
For grading,draining, procuring manure,tools,
fuel, and repairs, purchasing trees and shrubs for
botanic garden, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Library Committee of Congress, three
thousand three hundred dollars.
For pay of horticulturist and assistants in the
botanic garden and green-houses, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress, five thousand one hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty cents.
Toenable the Secretary of the Interior to supply
,such newly created offices as are entitled thereto,
by the act of eighth August, eighteen hundred
and forty-six, with full sets of the Statutes at
Large, and to replace those once furnished to old
officers, which have since been unavoidably lost
or destroyed, one thousand dollars.
For completing the printing, binding,and pub-
lishing one thousand copies of the papers of James
Madison, under the direction and control of the
JointCommittee on the Library of Congress, two
thousand dollars; and the said committee are
hereby authorized to contract for the printing
and binding of the same with such person or per-
sons as they may think proper to employ.
For the completion of the capitol in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico, sixty thousand dollars:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be expended till detailed plans
and estimates for the entire completion of the
building for the public service for the sum hereby
appropriated shall have been prepared, submit-
ted, and approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sum
of thirty thousand dollars, heretofore appropri-
ated by act of third March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, for the purpose of repairs and incidental
expenses to the light-house at Oswego and build-
ing connected therewith, and which remains un-
expended, may be used and applied for repairing
and securing and protecting the pier connected
with the light-house at Oswego, New York, so
as to prevent the destruction of said light-house
and pier.
For converting the old Senate chamber into a
court room, the old court room into a law library,
and for fitting up the rooms in connection with
them, for the use of the Supreme Court and its
officers, twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
The work can be finished for that sum, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds.
For the survey of the eastern boundary of Cal-
ifornia, in pursuance of a law passed during the
present session of Congress for that purpose,
fifty-five thousand dollars; and for the repair of
the capitol building in Nebraska, five thousand
dollars.
For the survey of the forty-sixth parallel of
north latitude, so far as it constitutes a common
boundary between Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritory, four thousand five hundred dollars.
Toenable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the Chickasaw Indians interest on one hun-
dred thousand dollars, part of their national fund
which was paid into the Treasury in January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, on account of
the redemption of that amount of the State stock
of Ohio previously held by that Department in
trust for that fund, twenty-one thousand dollars.
For the purpose of paying existing liabilities,
and to finish the maps and calculations of the
survey of the Atrato route of the inter-oceanic
canal, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For fitting up the rooms in the center building
of the Capitol, formerly occupied by the Senate
Committees on Naval, Military, and Indian Af-
fairs, for the use of the Court of Claims, under
the superintendence of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, three thousand dollars.
Sf.c. 3. And be it further cnacted, That the sec-
ond section of the act " making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty," ap-
proved the third of March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, shall be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacicd, That all exist-
ing laws creating an art commission be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
