.504
AEPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 15,
36th Cong. ,. .1st :Sess.
Laws of the United States.
No. 2.—Joint Resolution making an Appropria-
;' tion for inaugurating the Equestrian Statue of
Washington, . ; .'
. Be it resolved biflhe Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives; of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum often thousand dollars
be,.and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
triated, to be expended by the Secretary of the
utenor in transporting and placing Mills's statue
of Washington on the pedestal designated by the
proper authorities, and in the ceremonies appro-
priate to the occasion.
Approved, February 24, 1860.
No. 4.—A Joint Resolution for the Relief of the
Contractors of the Post Office Department.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accruing revenues of the Post
Office Department be, and the same are hereby,
appropriated, in part payment of contractors for
carrying the mails, and of route agents, during
the quarter ending thirty-first March, eighteen
hundred and sixty, under the provisions of the
act of July second, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six.
Approved, March 28, 1860.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution constituting Macon,
Georgia, a Portof Entry for the time being, for
the .purposes therein specified, and for other
purposes.
Whereas it is in contemplation, by the cotton-
planters' convention of the State of Gaorgia, to
institute and hold a fair, in the month of Decem-
ber, in the city of Macon, in the State of Georgia;
and whereas it is contemplated by a foreign asso-
ciction to exhibit their goods at such fair; and
whereas Macon being neither a port of entry [n]or
delivery, articles imported for exhibition at said
fair cannot, under existing laws, bo exempted
from duty, though exported again when with-
drawn from exhibition: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the bnited States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, 1 hat Macon, Georgia,be, and ishereby,
constituted a port of entry, so far and to such ex-
tentas to authorize the Secretary of the Tieasury,
at his discretion, to extend thereto all existing
revenue laws prevailing at ports of entry, and
applicable to bonded warehouses, to the bonding
ot imported goods, wares, and merchandise, and
the exportation ot the same: Provided, That the
force and effect hereof shall appertain only to .
importations made for tiie purposes exclusively
above recited, and for exportation* of the same i
so having been exhibited, and at such time or I
times before, during, and after tiie said fair, as i
shall, in the judgment of the Secretary of the
Treasury, seem reasonable for the aforesaid pur- 1
poses thereof. !
Approved, April 6, 1860. j
sippi river, below the rapids, ninety thousand
dollars; the Ohio, including repairs of the dam at
Cumberland Island, ninety thousand dollars; the
Missouri and Arkansas rivers each forty thousand
dollars; and for the construction and repair of
snag-boats,.dredge-boats,discharging scows,and
machinery to be used on the Mississippi, Ohio,
Missouri, Arkansas, and other western rivers,
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars;" and
whereas it also appears that in carrying into effect
the said provision of law the officers and agents
of Government intrusted therewith, and with the
application and disbursement of said appropria-
tions, did apply and disburse part of the money
appropriated as aforesaid for " the improvement
of the navigation" of said rivers, for the construc-
tion or repairs of the said snag-boats, dredge-
boats, discharging scows, or machinery, in aid of
and in addition to the appropriation of one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, made for this
specific object, and which proved to be inadequate;
in consequence whereof, and of this application
to one object of money appropriated to another,
the officers or agents are unable to settle their
accounts, though prepared, as they allege, to show
that said money has oeen expended in the service
of the Government,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives-of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the accounts of the said officers
and agents who are chargeable as aforesaid for
the disbursement of said appropriations, respect-
ively, shall be settled at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States upon equitable principles, and all just
credits allowed for the building or repairing of said
boats, scows, and machinery, without regard to
the fact of their exceeding in amount the one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars appropriated for
that purpose, and as though the application to
that purpose of part of the money appropriated
as aforesaid to " the improvement of the naviga-
tion" of said rivers had been lawful: Provided,
That tlfe credits allowed shall not exceed the total
amount of said appropriations.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
No. 9.—A Resolution authorizing Captains Wil-
liam L. Hudson and Joshua R.'Sands to accept
certain Testimonials awarded to them bv the j
Government of Great Britain. ' j
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent- j
atives of the'fjnited States of America in Congress j
assembled, That Captains William L. Hudson and ]
Joshua R. Sands,ofthc Navy of the UnitedStates, j
be, and they are hereby, authoi ized to accept the j
snufl-box and medal recently transmitted to this i
Government by the Government of Great Britain
to be presented to each of said officers as memo-
rials of their services in laying down the Atlantic ;
cable.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
No. 18.—A Resolution for supplying the Choc-
taw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw Nations with
such copies of the Laws, Journals, and public
printed Documents as are furnished to the
States and Territories.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Choctaw, Cherokee, °and
Chickasaw nations, through such agent as they
may designate, be furnished by the Secretary of
the Interior with such copies of volumes of the
laws of the United States, Journals of Congress,
and documents printed by order of Congress, as
are supplied to the States ajid Territories of the
United States.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
No. 19.—A Resolution in relation to the Works
of the Exploring Expedition.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That two copies of the works of the
Exploring Expedition, so far as they can be sup-
plied from the copies ordered to be deposited in
the library of Congress for preservation, by the
resolution of February twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-five, and the residue of said works
as they shall be completed, be delivered to the
Secretary of State, one copy of which to be pre-
sented by him to the Federal Republic of Switzer-
land, and the other to the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, in the State of Maryland.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
No. 20.—A Resolution providing for the observa-
tion of the Eclipse of the Sun which will occur
on the eighteenth day of July next.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey be, and he hereby is, author-
ized and directed to furnish a vessel and provisions
for the conveyance to the most suitable point on
the eastern coast of this continent, for observing
the total eclipse of the sun, which will occur on
the eighteenth day of July next, of astronomers,
not exceeding five in number, and their assistants,
to be selected bv the said Superintendent of the
Coast Survey: Provided, That the United States
shall not be liable to any other charge on account
of the said astronomers and their assistants than
their conveyance and provisions as herein pro-
vided; and that they shall furnish their observa-
tions for the use of the Coast Survey*, without
further charge to the Government.
Approved, June 15, I860.
No. 6.—A Resolution in regard to the Minister I
from Japan. !
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent- j
atives oftliehnited Stales of America in Congress j
assembled, That the sum of fifty thousand dollars !
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other- j
wise appropriated, to defray the expenses of the !
envoys and suite constituting the Japanese em-
bassy, expected to arrive in the United States, j
Inc same, or so much thereof as may be required, <
to bo expended under the direction of the Secre- i
tary of State. \
Approved, April 19, 18G0. j
No. 7.—A Resolution to allow Credit to certain ij
Disburing Officers therein mentioned. |j
. Whereas by the act of the thirtieth of August, I!
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, entitled " Ah act
making appropriations for the improvement of i|
certain harbors and rivers," the following appro- I!
priations (among others) were made, to wit: "For Ij
the improvement of the navigation of the Missis- N
No. 12.—A Resolution authorizing the enlarge-
ment of, and construction of a branch to, the
Louisville and Portland Canal.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Lnitcd States of Amei ica in Congress
assembled, That the president and directors of the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company be, and
they are hereby, authorized, with the revenues
and credits of {tie company, to enlarge the said
canal and to construct a branch canal from a suit-
able point oil the south side of the present canal,
to a point in the Ohio river, opposite Sand Island,
sufficient to pass the largest class of steam ves-
sels navigating the Ohio river: Provided, That
nothing herein contained shall authorize the said
president and diiectors, directly or indirectly, to
use or pledge the faith or ciedit of the United
States for the said enlatgement or constiuction.
It hereby being expressly declared, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall not be in any
manner liable for said enlargement and construc-
tion: Provided, further, That when said canal is
enlarged and its branch canal constructed, and its
cost of said improvements paid for, no more tolls
shall be collected than an amount sufficient to keep
the canal in repair and pay l'or all necessary su-
perintendence and management.
Approied, May 24, 1860.
No. 25.—Joint Resolution in relation to the Public
Printing.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives oj the bnited States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Superintendent of Public
Printing be, and is hereby,authorized and directed
to have executed the printing and binding author-
ized by the Senate and House of Representatives,
the executive and judicial departments, and the
Court of Claims. And to enable him to carry
out the provisions of this act, lie is authorized
and directed to contract for the erection or pur-
chase of the necessary buildings, machinery, and
materials for that purpose; said con tiact to be sub-
ject to the approval of the Joint Committee on
Printing of the two Houses of Congress: Pro-
vided, That the sum so contracted to be paid shall
notexceed one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted. That it shall
be the duty of the said Superintendent to super-
intend all the printing and binding, the purchase
of paper, as hereinafter directed, the purchase of
other necessary materials and machinery, and the
employment of proof-readers.compositors, press-
men, laboiers,and other hands nee.essary to exe-
cute the ordcis of Congress and of the executive
and judicial departments, at the city of Washing-
ton. And to enable the said Superintendent more
effectually to perform the duties of his office, he
shall appoint a foreman of printing, at an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars, and a foreman
of binding, at an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars; but no one shall be appointed to said posi-
