926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
and object of State constitutions and State laws,
for they are instituted for the protection, and not
for the destruction of private property and per-
sonal rights; not upon the rules of right and rea-
son, which, through all our constitutions and laws,
protect the persons and property of the people
against every usurpation of mere arbitrary power
by Government; but it exists in the original, in-
herent -power of the people to do right or wrong,
as they may will; to institute a just, benign, and
liberal system of government, and provide for the
protection of all the rights of the people who form
it, or to inaugurate the reign of anarchy, or insti-
tute a despotic form of government, which, in-
stead of recognizing the rights of property of the
people as they find them, shall destroy the prop-
erty of a portion of them to gratify the caprices
or passions of the balance. Such an act would
destroy preexisting private rights; and, in doing
so, would be against the spirit of all our constitu-
tions and laws. And it is only because there is
no tribunal to which an appeal against such an act
of sovereignty can be had, and because the ag-
grieved andinjured minority, in such a ease, have
not* the power by numbers or arms to maintain
and vindicate their rights, that they would submit
to its exercise.
This is the spirit and substance, somewhat am-
plified, of what I said on the occasions referred to,
and in my reply to the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Ferry] on the 10th of this month.
I shall, after awhile, refer to some authority to
sustain the positions that the right of property is
recognizcd in negro slaves by the Federal Consti-
tution, and that neither Congress, or a Territorial
Legislature, can abolish slavery. And though, in
the hour allowed me, I can expect to do but little
more than state my own views on the questions
presented, I shall be content if they in any degree
commend themselves to the confidence of others
by their inherent reasonableness and justice, and
by their conformity to the principles of our Con-
stitution , and the theory and genius of our Govern-
ment and institutions; and especially if they shall
have any effect in callingattention to the real ques-
tions involved m the sectional controversy which
has so long and unhappily prevailed in our coun-
try. For if we can succeed in determining our
relative rights and duties, and in ascertaining the
real questions at issue, then the public judgment
can be fairly taken on them, and the question will
be decided whether we are to respect the rights of
each other, as citizens of a common countiy, liv-
ing under a common Constitution, and looking
hopefully and proudly to a common destiny; or
must, on account of an irreconcilable conflict of in-
terests and opinions,, be separated for the future.
The gentleman from Connecticut, in his well-
considered and eloquent speech, professes to give
the doctrines of the Democratic party in relation
to the powers and duties of the Federal Govern-
ment over the subject of slavery. Others may
answer whether he gave them fairly, for the pur-
pose of controverting the real positions of that
party, or totally misrepresented them in order to
give plausibility to the doctrines ofthe Republican
party. Among other things he says, "It holds as
an abstract proposition, that property in man
exists of natural right." This will doubtless go
the rounds of the Republican press, and be used
by them to deceive Republican constituencies, and
constitute a part of the staple of the campaign
speeches of that party this summer and fall. And
as it doubtless had its origin in a misunderstand-
ing of what I said, I desire now to correct it. And
I wish now to say, that no national or State con-
vention ofthe Democratic party, and no county or
township meeting of that party, nor any member
of that party, including myself, evei announced
any such principle, within my knowledge; and
that I do not think the gentleman can sustain his
assertion by the production of any such authority
for his statement.
It is true, I used the expressions " natural nirht"
*nd " natuial justice" in my unpremeditated an-
swers to questions unexpectedly propounded by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.Goocn.]
in discussing the power of Congress and of the
Territorial Legislatures to abolish shivery. I used
them in se\ erai forms of expression; and am now
satisfied that, in some of these, I used the word
"natural" unnecessarily, but nowhere in the
sense in which the gentleman uses it in the above
extract. My purpose was to convey thy idea
that it was against reason and justice to deprive
any man of his right of property, whether in
slaves or other things, against his consent and
without just compensation. It certainly was not
my purpose to describe the character oi right by
which any man holds any kind of property, for
I was speaking of a wrong, and that wrong the
destruction of private property. For instance, I
said, in form and expression, referring to the
power of the States to abolish slavery—
" That they have the right, but that it is a revolutionary
right, and not a right lasting upon law or upon natural jus-
tice ; and when a (Government comes to exercise its sover-
eignty, and undertakes in its sovereign capacity to destroy
that right, it departs from a great principle, which ought to
govern it always. It should protect the condition of society
when the Government was formed, and should protect all
the propeny of the people who form that Government, de-
stroying none of it."
And again I said:
" The exercise of any revolutionary right which destroys
private property, is a violation of tlie principles of natuiaJ
justice."
But if I am mistaken as to the effect of any lan-
guage I may have used in the hurry of debate, I
wish now to declare that all I desired to do, was to
describe the rights of persons and insist on their
protection, without even thinking of, or wishing
to engage in any controversy about any distinc-
tion between legal and natural rights, or legal and
natural justice.
I do not wish to be understood by this, as say-
ing or admitting that property in slaves does not
rest on as high authority, and as just principles of
right as any other property; for I think it does.
But only that it is not necessary to discuss the ques-
tion of whether we hold any kind of property by
the principles of natural right and natural justice,
as contradistinguished from the social customs,
political principles, and maxims of jurisprudence
of a people. I am only now considering our prac-
tical duties as legislators.
If the Democratic party has ever gone out of the
field of politics to settle abstract questions of phi-
losophy , or questions of natural right as contradis-
tinguished from political questions, I have never
heard of it. It certainly is not to be found in the
platforms which embody the principles and opin-
ions of the party. It deals only with the political
relations of the country, and m doing this takes
the Constitution as its polar star and guide. It
is neither a pro-slavery nor anti-slavery party.
A man may be a good Democrat and approve of
slavery as in itself right, or disapprove of it as
being in itself wrong. But it is a part of the creed
of the Democratic party to respect both the rights
of the States and the rights of the people. And
hence a man cannot be a Democrat, who, in dis-
regard of the rights of the States, would engage
in agitation in one State to force slavery out of
or into another: or who would attempt, through
the agency of the Federal Government, either by
direct or indirect means, to retard or promote the
interests of slavery in a State; or who would at-
tempt to use the Federal Government as an agent
for the destruction of private property, whether
that property be in slaves or other things.
And the doctrine of the Democratic party, with
reference to this subject in the Territories, is, that
'-The\ shall be left perfectly free to form and regulate
their domestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution ofthe United States,"
I know that this part of the platform has given
rise to discussion, and that there are among Dem-
ocrats differences of opinion as to its meaning.
i| My own construction of this part of the plat-
;i form, and of the correspondmgpart of theKansas-
j> Nebraska act, is now what it was at the time of
i; the passage of that act, and at the time of the
action ofthe Cincinnati comention. Thatis,that
if the Territories had power, indi pendently of the
! superruhng control of the Federal Constitution,
;j then they might abolish slavery under that act;
.! butthat,if the provisions and ethraey of the C-on-
, stitution pervaded the Territories as wel) as the
j. States, they could not do so. It was understood
in Congress, at the time of the passage of that
act as well as it is now. that it did not define the
powers of uTeiritory on this subject, but referred
expressly to the Constitution ns to what they
were, by the words "subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United Stales. " And it was then said
and believed that a decision of the courts would
be necessary to determine, under thataet, whether
those Territories could abolish slavery. And this
very question has since been decided in the Drcd
Scott case, and the question put at jest. I had as
full faith at the time of the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act as I have now, that the Territories
derived their powers to legislate from Congress,
and could exercise 110 higher authority than they
derived; that Congress had no authority to abol-
ish slavery anywhere; and that, having no such
authority, it could not confer the power on the
Territories, on the principle that a principal can
confer no greater authority on his agent than he
possesses himself. And this is one of the leading
grounds upon which we of the South sustained
and approved the course of our members of Con-
gress in voting for that act, and the main ground
upon which we sustained the action of the Dem-
ocratic party in securing its passage. And hence,
when the Supreme Court of the United States
made the decision in the Dred Scott case, we of
the South experienced none of the surprise and
horror professed by the Republicans. We were
prepared to expect such a decision on principle
and reason.
We know, however, that many of the northern
Democrats entertained opinions differing from
these on that act and the part of the platform
quoted. And there are strong reasons why we
should be tolerant to their views on this subject,
aside from the ordinary consideration of the unity
of the party. It has been one of singular interest
anddifficulty, upon which great and patriotic minds
have differed. It required years of discussion to
develop what we now regard as the true doctrine.
And at one time the Democratic party supported
for President a great statesman, the present vener-
able Secretary of State, who entertained a differ-
ent view. But his opinion, and the position of the
party on this question at that time, were devel-
oped from a different stand-point to the one from
which we now view it. They were then inquiring
whether the Wilmot proviso was not unconstitu-
tional, and adopted die idea of territorial sover-
eignty as an incident to, rather than the main idea
of, the contest; and without a full examination of
those provisions of the Constitution which relate to
personaland private rights. The question, as then
examined, was mainly as to the political power of
Congress and the Territories wand its consideration
did not then extend to a full investigation of the
questions which have.since arisen, as to the effect
of such a doctrine on the personal and preexisting
vested rights of citizens, and their mutual right to
occupy the common territory. It was the future
development of these features ofthe question which
corrected the former error of such of the party as
subscribed to that doctrine.
An acquiescence now, in the doctrines of the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, will place the party
on this question on an enduring basis, alike con-
stitutional and just to all parts of the Union, and
calculated, if anything can do so, to secure a sus-
pension of sectional agitation on this question.
And this is an easy basis on which to secure the
harmony and unity of the party; for no one should
feel humiliated by giving his assent to the judg-
ment of the highest judicial tribunal m the llnion
on a purely judicial question.
Again, the Democratic party, recognizing its
obligation to obey the Constitution, is also in favor
of the enforcement of the fugitive slave law. But
there is no principle of reason upon which it can
be said, because a citizen feels bound to observe
and obey the laws of the land, in the rendition of
fugitive slaves, that he is therefore committed to
any particular abstract doctrine on the subject of
slavery.
The last national Democratic convention adopted
the following resolution as one of the articles of
faith and practice ofthe party, to wit:
•• Resolved, That we recognize the right ofthe people of
ail the Ternt<on*.s including Kansas and Xebraska, acting
through the 1-^aliy and fairly e.\pres*ed will ot the majoiity
of actual residents, ami whenevei thcMiunibei of tb«*ir m-
habitant-justiiie-i it, lo torm a constitution, with or \\ ithout
domestic viawiy. and to be admitted into the Union on
leiniH oi'pui/eet equality with ilie other ►States-."
And this patriotic and just principle is now sub-
scribed to by the Democracy of eveiy State m the
Union, as securing the equal rights of all m the
Territories, and the power of the people at the
proper time, and in the proper way, to settle the
sia\ery question for themselves. The successful
maintenance of this principle would be the means
of antagonizing the sectional and unconstitutional
ideas of the Republican party; and of tliun giving
