THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON; D. 0.
New Series.....No. 59.-. -
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1860.
upon the unanswerable force of its reasoning, as
conclusive on the points discussed:
But the power of Congress over the person or property
of a citizen can never be a mere discretionary power under
our Constitution and form ot Government. The powers of
the Government and the rights and privileges of the citizen
are regulated and plainly defined by the Constitution itself.
And when the Territory becomes a part of the United
States, the Federal Government enters into possession in
the eharactei impressed upon it bv those who created it. It
enters upon it with its powers over the citizen strictly
defined, and limited by the Constitution, from which it
derives its own existence, and by virtue of which alone
it continue* to exist and act as a Government $nd sover-
eignty. It has no power of any kind beyond it; and it
cannot, when it enters a Terutory of the United Slates,
put off its character, and assume discretionary or despotic
powers which the Constitution has denied to it. It cannot
create for itself a new character separated from the citi-
zens of the United States, and the duties it owes them
tinder the provisions of the Constitution. The Territory
being a pait of the United States, the Government and the
citizen both enter it under the authority of the Constitu-
tion, with their respective lights defined and marked out;
and the Fedeial Government can c-xeicise no powei over
his personal property, beyond what, that instrument con-
fers, nor lawfully deny any right which it has reserved.
" A rcfeienco to a few of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion will illustrate this proposition.
<kFoi example, no one, we presume, will contend that
Congress can make any Jaw in a Territory respecting the
establishment of religion, or the free exercise theieof, or
abridging the freedom of speech or of the prf«,or the right
of the people of the Territory peaceablj to assemble, and
to petition the Government for the redress of guevances.
" Nor can Congress deny to the people the right to keep
and bear aims; nor the right to trial by jury; not compel
any one to be a witness agumst huuseif in a criminal pro-
ceeding.
"These powers, and others, in relation to tights of per-
son, which it is not ueees-ary here to enumerate, are, in
express and positive tem.s., denied to the General Govern-
ment, and the rights of private piopcrty have been guarded
with equal care. Thus the lights ol property are united
with the rights of person, and placed on the same ground,
bythe fnth amendment to the Constitution, which pi ovules
that no person shall b 1 depuved ot lilo, hbeity, and prop-
er!}', without du^ procevi ot law. And an act of Congress
winch depuves a citizen of the United States of his liberty
or piop'iit), merely because become himself or brought his
propeity into a particular Territory of the United .States,
and who had committed no offense against the laws,could
hxiidl> be dignified with the name of due piocess ot law.
"So, too, it will hardly be contended that Congresscould
by law quarter a soldier in a house in a Teiritoiy without
the consent of the owner, in time ot peace; nor m time of
war, but in a manner pii'scribed by law. Nor could they
by law torfffit the propeity of a citizen in a Terutory, who
was convicted of treason, for a longer penod than the life
ot the person convicted; nor take puvate pi operty for public
u*« without just compensation.
"The povvcis over person and property, of which we
speak, are not only not grunted to Congress, but are m ex-
press tenns denied, and they are forbidden to exorcise them.
And this prohibition is not confined to the States, hut the
words are general, and extend to the whole territory ever
which the Constitution gives it power to legislate, including
those portions of jt remaining undei territorial government
as well as that covered by States. It is a total absence of
power everywhere within the dominion of the United
States, and places the citizen ot a Tenitory, so tar as these
lights are concerned, on the same looting with citizens of
the States, and guards them as tinnh and plainly against
any inroads which the General Government might attempt,
nudei the plea of implied or incidental powers. And it
Congress it-self cannot do this—if it is beyond the poweis
eontened on the Federal Government—it will be admitted,
we presume, that it could not authoii/.e a teintorml gov-
ernment to exeicise them. It could conter no pjv\ er on
any local government, established In itn authority, to vio-
late tiie provisions of the Constitution.
" It seems, however, to be supposed that there is a dif-
ference between property in a slave and other property, and
that diffeient lules may be applied to it in expounding the
Constitution ot the United States. And the laws and usages
of nations, and the willing'* of emment juusts upon the re-
lation of master and <davc, and their mutual rights and du-
ties, and the power which'Goveinments may exercise over
it, have been dwelt upon m the aigunient.
" But, in considering the question before us, it must be
borne in mind that there is no law of nations standing be-
tween the people of the United States and their Govern-
ment, and mteifeiingwith theii relation to each other. The
poweis of the Government, and the. rights of the citizen
uiuh'i it, are positive and practical legulations plainlv writ-
ten down. The people of the United States have delegated
to it ceitain enumciuted poweis, and torhiddtm it to exei-
cii-e othcis. Jt has no power over the pmson or property
of a citizen but what the citizens of the United States have
giauted. And no laws or usages of other nations, or rea-
soning of statesmen or jurists upon the relations ot master
and slave, can enlarge the powers of the Government, or
take lioni the citizens the rights they have reserved. And
if the Constitution recognizes the light of property ot the
master in a slave, and makes no distinction between that
description of property and other property owned by a cit-
izen, no tiibunal, acting under the authority of the United
States, whether it be legislative, executive, or judicial, lias
u right to draw such a distinction, or deny to it the benefit
59
of the provisions and guarantees which have been provided
for the protection of private property against the encroach-
ments of the Government.
" Now, as we have already said, in an earlier part of this
opinion, upon a different point, the right of property in a
slave is distinctly and expressly affirmed in the Constitu-
tion. The right to traffic in it, like an ordinary article of
merchandize and property, was guarantied to the citizens
of the United States, in every State that might desire it, foi
twenty years. And the Government, in express terms, is
pledged to protect it in all tuture time, if the slave escapes
from his owner. This is done in plain words—too plain to
be misunderstood. And no woid can be found in the Con-
stitution which gives Congress a greater power over slave
property, or which entitles property of that kind to less pro-
tection than property of any other .description. The only
power conferred is the power coupled with the duty of
guarding and protecting the owner in his rights."
How do the Republicans meet reasoning like
this? Is it by an examination and exposition of
the provisions of the Constitution ? Is it by a fair
statement and lucid exposition of the facts of our
political history? Is it by the searching power of
analysis, and the convincing force of sound logic >
No, sir; by none of these. But by a demurrer to
the jurisdiction of the court, and an ad captandum
declaration that it is the opinion of Democratic and
Ero-slavery judges on a political question, and by
road, bolcl, audacious charges of contrivance and
corruption. Thus taking a double appeal from the
decision of the august tribunal of last resort to
which such questions are referable under the Con-
stitution; the one an appeal from the Supreme
Court of the United States to the political club-
rooms and the hustings; the other an appeal from
the rcasonandconscienceand judgmentofabench
of great, good, and learned judges, to the igno-
rance, passions, and bigotry of deluded fanatics.
Sir, this is the most alarming testimonial of the
decadence of public virtue and patriotism, and of
the impending peril to our system of free self-
government and well-regulated civil and religious
liberty.
Suppose some members of the court are Dem-
ocrats. Is that a fact sufficient to throwsuspicion
on their integrity and doubt upon their reasoning?
A large majority of the American patriots and
statesmen of the past were of that political party.
And suppose some of them may be slaveholders;
docs this change the meaning of the Constitution,
and answer facts and overturn logic? Washing-
ton and Jefferson, and Madison and Monroe, and
Jackson and Polk, and Marshall and Clay, and
Calhoun and Benton, were all slaveholders. Were
they, on that account, less wise, less patriotic, and
less trusted by the Republic.? But the truth is,
that the venerable Chief Justice, many years ago,
liberated all of his slaves; and from this fact I
would infer that, if he had any prejudice m such
a case, it would be against the interests of slavery.
And this fact is a sufficient answer to the charge
that he is a pro-slavery judge.
It was the opinion of the court that both the
question of jurisdiction and the judgment of the
circuit court were brought before them by the
writ of error, and that they were bound to pass
upon both. And though two out of the nine judges
d isscnted from this opinion, the court stood divn^d
as two to seven on the question. I will not speak
of the political opinions of the two dissenting
judges; for this would be to impugn the integrity
of their motives, and to follow the vicious and
dangerous example of the Republican party. But
they will see how such an argument, in the hands
of men having no higher confidence in the purity
of the Supicme Court of the United States than
themselves, could be turned against them. I will
not consume time by giving tiie arguments and
authorities adduced by the majority of the court
in support of their view of this question. It is
accessible to lawyers generally; and few others
than ihev would feci an interest 111 examining
questions of pleadingandjuiisdiotion. And i only
rell-r to it this far to'say that, in charity, I am led
to hope the men who have so often, in this Hall,
denounced the majority of the court m terms of
such bitter reproach and condemnation, have never
read the opinion and judgment of the court, or, if
they have read it, have not understood it. The
presumption that they act ignorantly would ex-
cuse them with contempt; while the supposition
that they understand what they do, might, in his-
tory's future impartial judgment, set them down5
as willful calumniators of great and good men.
Why, sir, if there is a dass of men in the Re-
public who are entirely out of the reach of polit-
ical partisan dependence and motives, and above
the reach of popular clamor, it must be the Fed-
eral judges. And their very vocation is a contin-
ual schooling of both the mind and conscience' in
all the higher and nobler duties of life. And I do
not envy the man who stakes his legal reputation1
in a contest against the opinions of the Supreme
Court in the Dred Scott case, or his character for
truth and honor upon an assault on the integrity
and purity of its judges.
This much I have felt it my duty to say, on
account of the repeated attacks which have been
made here on the court in connection with this
case. I do not say this to defend the reputation
of the judges. Their venerable years, their lives
of purity and honor, their great learning, and the
exalted position they occupy, and the country's
confidence, is their defense. But I have said it to
expose the efforts which have been made by the
Republican party to mislead the public mind on
great questions, by unfair and unjust attacks on
a coordinate branch of the Government, right-
fully acting within the sphere of its own duties.
Mr. EDGrERTON took the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, With the gentle-
man's consent, I will propound an interrogatory
to the gentleman from Texas.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will yield if it will not
he taken out of my time, for I want all of the hour
to which I am entitled.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
it will be considered as the understanding of the
committee that, if the gentleman yields, it wifi dot-
he taken out of the gentleman's hour.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The President of
the United States, in his letter accepting the nom-
ination of the Cincinnati convention, alluding to
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, said that legislation
giving to the people of organized Territories the
right to determine the question of slavery for
themselves was as ancient as free government it-
self. The President at the same time declared that
the people of a Territory, like those of a State,h ave
the light to decide for themselves upon the ques-
tion of slavery within their own midst. Now, the
question I ask is this: what did the President mean
by that language?
Mr. REAGAN. I am apprised of the gentle-
man's quarrel with the President, and not desir-
ing to interfere in it, I leave the words for every
gentleman for himself to construe.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. That isa queer way to
answer; and yet it isabout the only answer that can
be made. If I have a quarrel with the President,
it has nothing to do with the proper construction
of the language I have referred to. When the
gentleman from Texas undertakes to quote the
President, 1 think he ought to quote his whole
record, and not garbled extracts from it.
Mr. REAGAN. It runs through forty years,
and I could not possibly put it all in an hour's
speech.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Give us, then, his
record for the past four years, and it will do. The
more of it we could have, the worse it would bo
for him.
Mr. EDGERTQN. Mr. Chairman, I should
not have claimed the attention of the House so
early m the session, and perhaps not at all, but
for the extraordinary violence which has charac-
terized the discussion on the other side. Who,
that has been an observer of the proceedings of
this House since we firs t met, can doubt the ex-
istence of an irrepressible conflict? Hardly had we
taken our seats liere before an honorable member
repiesenting a slaveholding constituency threw
the apple of discord into oui midst, and for morn
than eight weeks kept this House disorganized,
during which time southern gentlemen and their
northern allies stigmatized the free and intelligent
