508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 26,
3Btb Com;... 1ST SESS.
Laws of the United States.
whatever amount Way be ascertained to be due
hi in for transportation from Monterey to Cincin-
nati, and from Cincinnati to Monterey, in eight-
een1 hundred and forty-six, the trip not having
been performed under orders, but by leave granted
in consequence of temporary disability, caused by
wounds received in action on twenty-first Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-six.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
Chaf. XLII.—An Act for the Relief of Madison
Sweetzer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
to be paid to Madison Sweetzer the sum of eleven
hundred dollars and ninety-seven cents, the bal-
ance of .his account against the See-see-ton and
Wah-pay-toan bands of Sioux Indians, of Minne-
sota, for necessary supplies heretofore furnished,
examined, and verified, by the honorable Gov-
ernor W. A. Gormon, superintendent, and Agent
R. W. Murphy, as commissioners, and the same
be deducted from the annuities payable to said
Indians for the year commencing on the first of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act to authorize the issuance
of Patents in the name of James S. Douglass,
upon certain Land Entries made at Chockchu-
ma, Mississippi.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cancel the patents heretofore issued to James S.
Coleman upon land entries number three thou-
sand one hundred and forty-eight, three thousand
one hundred and forty-nine, three thousand one
hundred and fifty, three thousand one hundred
and fifty-one, three thousand one hundred and
fifty-two, and three thousand one hundred and
fifty-three, made on the thirty-first March, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-five, in the former Chock-
chuma land district, Mississippi; and that said
Commissioner be, and lie is hereby, authorized
and directed to issue patents for the lands em-
braced by said entries to James S. Douglass,
senior, in whose name said entries ought to have
been carried upon the recoids, by the land offi-
cers at Chockchuma.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
Chap. XLIV.—An Act for the Relief of Tilman
Leak.
Be it cnarted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior cause
to be refunded to Tilman Leak the sum of six,
hundred and seventy-nine dollars and fifty-seven
cents, the amount paid by him to the United
States as purchase money for fractional sections
six and seven, in township number nineteen,
range north eighteen, in Alabama, at a sale
thereof, as "dead and abandoned" Indian re-
serves, under the Creek treaty of eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, made by William Garrett,
agent of the United States, on the seventh day of
May, eighteen hundred and fifty-six: ProHded.
That said Tiiman Leak shaii first surrender any
patent which lie may have therefor for cancella-
tion, and release to the United States, by deed, all
his claim and interest therein.
Approved, May 9, ii360.
Chap. XLV.—An Act for the Relief of Richard
W. Meade.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the L nited States of America in Congress
assembled, 1 hat the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authoiizcd
and directed to pay to Richard W. Meade, late a
lieutenant in the United States Navy, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sumof five hundred and sixty-six dollars
and twenty cents, being the amount of expenses
incurred by him and ins clerk for subsistence,
while under orders of the Navy Department, and
detained on shore at San Francisco, from the fif-
teenth of July to the thirtieth of September,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, less the amount
already received by them for commutation of their
rations during the same period.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act for the Relief of George
Stealey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the account furnished by George
Stealey, for services rendered and expenses in-
curred by him as agent, appointed by the Indian
commissioners of the United States for the State
of California, to visit the northern tribes of In-
dians in said State, be, and the same is hereby,
referred to the Third Auditor of the Treasury,
with authority to cause the same to be settled
upon principles of equity .and justice, and the
amount thereof to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; the said
settlement to be made upon satisfactory vouchers
showing that the expenses were actually incurred,
and that the prices paid were just and proper
under the peculiar circumstances of the case.
Approved, May 9, 1860.
Chap. XLYII.—An Act for the Relief of David
D. Porter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, directed
to pay to David D. Porter, a lieutenant in the
Navy of the United States, the sum of seven
hundred and forty-three dollars, for certain ex-
traordinary expenses incurred by him in the dis-
charge of his duty, under the orders of the Navy
Department, on special service to the island of St.
Domingo; and that the same be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Apprbved, May 9, 1860.
the Treasurer of the United States upon their bid
for three million dollars of the stock of the Uni-
ted States, under the advertisement of the Secre-
tary of the Txeasury, dated December seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, on the amount
of stock unissued to them, being one per centum
on the difference awarded to them of Oyce mil-
lion, and the actual amount of stock Issued to
them.
Approved, May 22, 1860.
Chap. LV.—An Act for the Relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCul-
iough, and Charles Pendergrast.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Samuel A. West, George Mc-
Cullough, Hiram McCullough, and Charles Pen-
dergrast be, and they are hereby, released from
their liability on a contract entered into with the
United States on the seventeenth day of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, for the de-
livery of stone at the navy-yard at Gosport, in
the State of Virginia.
Approved, May 22, 1860.
Chap. LVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Ann
Scott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States cf America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Mis. Ann Scott,
widow of the late William B. Scott, two per centum
upon such sums as he paid from the Navy pen-
sion fund during the time he was Navy agent at
Washington.
Approved, May 25, 1860.
Chap. LI1.—An Act for the Relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and tliey are hereby, directed
to allow to George B. Bacon, late acting purser
of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth, in the settlement
of his accounts, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the amount prop-
erly payable to a purser of a sloop-of-war, for
his services as acting purser as aforesaid, during
the period he acted as purser, deducting there-
from the amount paid to said Bacon,for the same
period, as commander's clerk.
Approved, May 22, 1860,
Chap, LII1.—An Act for the Relief of Edwaid
N. Kent.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized and directed to pay
to Edward N. Kent, of New York, out of ariy
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of twenty thousand dollars, in full
compensation for the perpetual use in all the
present and future minting establishments of the
United States, of the apparatus for separating gold
and other precious metals from foreign substances,
of which the said Edward N. Kent is the inventor !
and patentee: Provided, The said Edward N.
Kent shall have first secured to the United States
the perpetual use of the said apparatus as afore-
saiu j to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Approved, May 22, 1860.
Chap. Li V.—An Act for the Relief of Sweeny,
Rittenhouse, Fant and Company. \\
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress ! |
assembled, lhat the Secretary of the Treasury bo, j!
and he is hereby, directed to refund to Sweeny, ''
Rittenhouse, Fant and Company so much of their
preliminary deposit ol one per centum made with
Chap. LIX.—An Act for the Relief of Asenath
M. Elliott, widow of Captain Edward G.
Eliiott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and hereby is,directed to pay to Asenath M. Elli-
ott, widow of the late Captain E. G. Elliott, of
the United States Army, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sumof
five thousand dollars, in compensation for private
property applied to the payment of a balance
erroneously appearing due from the said E. G.
Elliott, on the books of the Treasury Department.
Approved, May 25, I860.
Chap. LXIII.—An Act for the Relief of George
F. Brott,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That George F. Brott be, and h« is
hereby, authorized to enter tho following described
lands, to wit: lots numbered one, (1,) two, (2,)
three, (3,) and four, (4,) and the southwest quar-
ter of the northwest quarter, and west half of
southwest quarter of fractional section thirteen;
and the south half of the northeast quarter, and
the southeast quarter of the northwest quarter,
and the east half of the southeast quarter of sec-
tion number fourteen; and the east half of the
northeast quarterofsechon number twenty-three,
and lot number on^, (1,) in section twenty-four,
all in township number one hundred and twenty-
four north, of range number twenty-eight west,
in the district of lands subject to sale at the land
office at S:, Cloud, Minnesota; said tracts con-
taining five hundred and sixty-two and twenty
hundredths acres, upon the payment by the said
Brott of the usual minimum of one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre therefor: Provided, That
said entry shall in no wise intetfere with or em-
brace any land to which thcie is a valid subsist-
ing claim under the preemption laws of the Uni-
ted States; and the Commissioner of the Grneial
Land Office is* directed to issue a patent on said
entry.
Approved. May j>6, JS60.
Chap. LXV Hi,—A.n Act for the Relief of Jere-
miah Pendergast.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the, United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
