930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
people of the North as false to the Constitution
and as traitors to the country. Week after week
we have patiently listened to the most violent
abuse of our people. Rhetoric and epithet have
both been exhausted by patriotic gentlemen in
their efforts to blacken the character of our con-
stituents; and I am sorry to say, sir, that the most
bitter assailants and exultant traducers of our
northern people have been found among that little
band of northern Democrats who on this floor
are monuments of the sparing mercy and long-
suffering of the North.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not complain that this
subject of slavery has been introduced; nor do I
regret that it was first introduced and discusscd
for weeks by those who profess to deprccate its
agitation. I knew that, sooner or later, it must
come up for discussion. There is no political leger-
demain that can keep it down. Congressional
compromises and party platforms have in vain at-
tempted to silence agitation, and settle the contro-
versy; but the strife has gathered intensity and
force from the very efforts made to suppress it.
The conflictis irrepressible! 11 is idle—worse than
idle, it is madness—to attempt to ignore this ques-
tion of slavery. It is the grand question of the
age, and it will not be ignored; it pervades every
part of our wide-extended land, and comes up
liere into the Halls of Congress, meeting us at the
very threshold. This conflict grows out of the
very nature of things. It has its origin in con-
flicting ideas, which form the basis of our two
systems of labor. The system of free labor rests
upon the Declaration of Independence; it finds its
development at the North, and is sustained by the
great Republican party. The slave system rests
upon the idea that man, like the horse, is the sub-
ject-matter of property. This system finds its de-
velopment at the South, and is supported by the
Democratic party. These two ideas, which un-
derlie these systems of labor, now meet for a final
struggle. There is 110 evading the issue, and the
North does not desire it. Let it be settled, now
and forever. Let us know whether this Govern-
ment is forever to be prostituted to the extension
and support of slavery or not.
Mr. Chairman, there is a growing spirit of free-
dom at the North, which will brook no delay and
will tolerate no evasion. It insists that this Gov-
ernment shall no longer build up and support sla-
very; but that, wherever the General Government
is responsible for its existence, we shall smite it
to the dust. "We say to slavery, take what is
nominated in the bond, but not a tithe more. It
has been made a subject of complaint on this floor
that our northern people are educated to believe
that slavery is wrong. I admit that the people
of the North abhor your cherished institutions.
They believe, with Holivar, "that slavery is an
infringement of all laws, and that a law having a
tendency to preserve slavery would be the greatest
sacrilege." They believe, with Pox, "that per-
sonal freedom is the right of every human being;"
and with Burke, " that slavery is a state so im-
proper, so degrading, and so ruinous to the feel-
ings and capacities of human nature, that it ought
not to be suffered to exist." For myself, I can
say that I look upon slavery as the climax of
wickcdnesa—peerless and unapproachable in its
atrocious preeminence. Talk as you will about
your rights of property in man; the Almighty has
written with the finger of love upon the heart of
every human being the consciousness that he has
a right to himself. If we of the North err 011 this
subject, we err with the greatest and best men of
all ages. The founders of our Government be-
lieved, as we believe, that man has rights by virtue
of his manhood; and they went so far as to say
that all men had these rights—the right to life, the
right to liberty—and that these rights were inalien-
able, They stood just where the Republican
party stands to-day. Not one of those great men
ever indorsed the cardinal doctrine of the modern
Democratic party, which was so concisely stated
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Rbnham:]
" f do no! look upon slavery as a social, moral, and po-
litical ovil. but 1 look upon it as a social, moral, and polit-
ical blessing and good.*'
As early as 1773, Patrick Henry, in a letter to
Hobert Pieasants, says:
" Believe I shall honor the Quaker for their noble
efforts to abolish siavety. It i:-i a debt we owe to the purity
ot' our religion Icj show d'&t it is at variance with that law
that warranfia slavory, I exhort you to persevere in so
worthy a resolution; I believe the time will come when an
opportunity will be offered to abolish this lamentable evil.1'
General "Washington, in writing to Robert
Morris, says:
" I can only say that there Is not a man living who wishes
more sincerely titan I do to see some plan adopted for the
abolition of slaveiy.5'
And in his letter to Sir John Sinclair, he said:
"There are in Pennsylvania laws for the gradual abolition
of slaveiy, which neither Virginia nor Maiyland have at
present, but winch nothing is more certain than they must
have, and at a period not lemote."
And at the close of his eventful life, as the
crowning glory of his matchless career, he be-
came a practical Abolitionist, making every slave
lie possessed free. Thomas Jefferson, in his Notes
on Virginia, says:
" Theie must, doubtless, be an unhappy influence on the
manners of ou/ people produced by the existence of sla-
very among us. The whole commerce between master and
slave isapeipeiual exercise of the most boisterous pas-
sions, the most umemittiug despotism, on the one part, and
degrading submissions on the other. Our cbiidien see this,
and learn to imitate it; for man is. an imitative animal.
This quality is the germot a!3 education in him. Fiomhis
cradle to hie.- grevs he i.i learning to do what lie sees otheis
do. Tf a parent could find no motive, either in his philan-
thropy 01 lus self fove, foi restraining the intemperance of
passion towards his slave, it should always he a sufficient
one that his child is present, lint generally it is? not suffi-
cient. The paient stonns, the child looks on, catches the
lineaments of wrath, puts on the same airs in the circle of
smaller slaves, give-s a loo^c to his worst uf passions, and
thus nnssed, educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, can-
not but be stamped by it with odious peculiarities. The
man must be a ptodigy who can retain his manners and
morab undepiaved by such circumstances. And with
what execration should the statesman be loaded, who, per-
mitting one half tiie citizens thin to tiample oil the rights
of the other, tran>forms those into despots, and these into
enemies; deotiovf. the moials of the one part, and the amor
patria of the other. For it a slave can have a country in
this world, it mu>t be any other in preference to that in
which iic is born to live and laboi for another; in which he
mu-.t lock up the faculties of his nature, contiibute, as far
as depends on hi  individual endeavors, to the evanishment
of the human race, or entail Ins own miserable condition
on the ondle->s m notations proceeding from Inm. With the
movah of the people their industry also is destroyed; for
in a warm climate no man will labor for himself who can
make another iaboi for lum. This is so true that of the pro-
pi le tow of slaves a vciy small proportion, indeed, aro ever
seen to labor. And can the liberties of a nation bethought
secure when wo have lemoved then only firm basis—acon-
vicfon in the minds of the people that those libei lies are of
the gift of God J that they arc not to ho violated hut with
Ins wiath' Lulecd, f tremble lormj coimtrv whfn fiefloet
that God is ju^r; that Ins justice cannot *-leep forever; that
considering numbers', nature, and natuial mean-* only, a
revolution of the wheel of ioriune, an exchange of situation,
is among possible events; that it may become probable by
supernatural interference. The Almighty has no attribute
which can take sides with u-  m =ueh a contest. But it is
impossible to be temperate, and to pursue this subject
thiough the vauous considoiations'ot policy, of morals, of
lu-stoiy, natural and civil. We mu-jt be contented to hope
they will fore • '.fir way into every one's mind. X think a
change already peiceptibic, since the oiigin ot the piesent
Revolution. The spirit ot the master is abating; that of the
slave rising fiom the dust; his condition molhSymg; the way,
I hope, preparing, under the auspices of Heaven^ for a total
emancipation ; and that this is disposed, m the order ot
events, to be with the consent of the masteis, rather than
by then* extirpation. "
What Republican has ever used language more
emphatic than this in condemnation of slavery?
Colonel Mason, of Virginia, in the convention
which framod our Constitution, expressed the
opinions of the framers of that instrument when
he said:
(i Slaveiy discourages arts and manufactures. The poor
despise labor when pertonned by slaves. They prevent the
immigration of whites who really cniich and btiengthon a
country. They piodncc the most pernicious effects on
manners. Every master of slaves is born a petty tyrant.
They bung the judgment ot lleaven on a country."
In the Congress of 1789, when the kindred sub-
ject of the slave trade was under consideration,
Mr. Parker, of Virginia, said:
" He was sorry the Constitution prevented Congress trorn
prohibiting the impoitation altogether, it was contrary to
revolutionary principles^ and ought not to be permitted."
He said further on this subjcct:
" He hoped Congress would do all in its power to restore
to human nature its inherent privileges; to wipe off, if pos-
sible, the stigma under which America labored; to do away
the inconsistency m our principles justly charged upon u-i,
and to show by our actions the pure beneiicence of the doc-
trine held out to the world in our Declaration of Independ-
ence."
Mr. Madison, on the same occasion, said:
" By expressing a national disapprobation of that trade,
it is to be hoped we may deploy it. and save ourselves from
reproauh and our posterity fiom the imbecility ever atteud- i
ant on a country filled with biaves." j
At the next .session, Mr. Scott, alluding to the
same subject, said:
" X am sorry the fiaiaors of the Constitution did not go
further, and enable us to interdict the "lave trade altogether,
for I look upon it to be one of the most, abominable I'-uigi
ou earth, and if there were neither God nor DeviL 1 should
oppose it on principles of humanity and the law of naim->;
for my pan, I cannot conceive how any peis-on can ne-aid
to acquire a property in another."
The Republicans of to-day are denounced as
traitors for adhering to the doctrines of the fathers.
According to the new-light Democracy, it is rank
treason to adopt the opinions of Washington,
Jefferson, Madison, and Henry. But the other
day, in the other end of this Capitol, I heard a
distinguished Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason-]
admit that the South, in a few years past, had
changed its views upon this subject, and because
we will not change with our southern brotheis,
because wc cling with reverential love to the teach-
ings of the fathers, we are stigmatized by the
changelings as traitors to the Constitution.
Let me. say to the Representatives of the South,
the North has ever been true to the Constitution.
No people so great and powerful ever before sub-
mitted to such wrongs as the free States have en-
dured from the slave States of this Union. For
years, in most of the slaveholding States, th* most
sacred provisions of the Constitution have been
wantonly and persistently violated. Where is the
liberty of speech and of the press in the slave -
holding States? Can a northern man go through
your slave States and print and speak his opin-
ions? Not if he believes in the Declaration of
Independence. He may crawl through, by stilling
his convictions and belying his manhood; but he
cannot walk through erect, with the love of lib-
erty in his heart and its utterance on his lips
Can the preachers of the gospel discuss the mora_
bearings of slavery, and tcach dclivcrancc to the
captive? Not at all. Only a few days since, a
distinguished gentleman announced here, that if
Beecher came South, they would hang him. And
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Ash-
more] informed the House, that in his State they
had arrested a man for selling Helper's book
among free blacks and non-slaveholders; that he
was now in jail; and, with emphasis, he declared
they would hang him.
Mr. ASHMORE. Will the gentleman allow
mc a word ?
Mr. EDGERTON. Certainly.
Mr. ASHMORE. I asserted, I think—I do not
remember the precise language I used—but J as-
serted, that he was distributing books among the
free negroes and non-slaveholders for the purpose
of exciting an antagonism between the non-slave-
holders and the slaveholders; and that it was the
non-slaveholders upon whom he had attempted to
practice this insidious scheme, that first informed
the better—I will not say better—but the more
prominent men of the district of the fact, which
led to his arrest and incarceration in joil for a vio-
lation ofthelav/ofthe State. I am glad, however,
of the opportunity of correcting the statement to
this effect. The letters communicating these facts
tome were not altogether concurrent. Some stated
one thing, and some another; but after a time, and
after I made the remarks that I did here, on the
occasion referred to by the gentleman, 1 ascer-
tained the true facts of the case. This person had
furnished, not a free man, but one slave, with one
of these Helper books. That slave can read and
write, as many of our intelligent and household
slaves in South Carolina can; and it was intended
by him to use that slave as his instrument, for the
purpose, undoubtedly, of inciting other slaves to
resistance to their masters.
Mr. EDG-ERTON. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman's explanation shall go into my
speech. Indeed, I desire it; for I wish it for cir-
culation, and the explanation is not in conflict at
all with the statement which I have made.
Now, I will confess 1 do not understand such
a state of society. Is it really a crime in the
South, punishable with imprisonment and death,
to circulate a book among free men ? and a book,
too, as harmless as the Impending Crisis ? I have
heard gentlemen denounce that book in most vio-
lent language, asserting that it advised insurrec-
tion, treason, servile war, arson, and murder. 1
say that the book advises no such thing, and I
call upon gentlemen to produce any such recom-
mendation from that book. I presume that gen-
tlemen who made the charges never had rend the
book. And yet to sell this harmless book in a
wave State is considered a crime. Where is your
constitutional liberty ? In what respect docs tho
