1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
liberty of South Carolina differ from the despot-
ism of Austria?
When I say that northern men cannot travel
in the southern States and give utterance to their
opinions, I do not say that the laws prohibit it.
But there in a power above law and above Con-
stitution. That power is the power of the mob,
controlled by the privileged class. In the pres-
ence of slavery the law is silent, and the Consti-
tution a nullity; for the right to hold property in
man has become the supreme law of the land.
The people of the free States respect all constitu-
tional obligations; they guard, with especial jeal-
ousy, the liberty of speech and of the press. The
mostviolentadvocate of slavery can travel through
any of our free States. He may preach for sla-
very and against freedom, and he will meet with
no molestation. Not a hand will be raised against
him m violence; but from the farm and the work-
shops he will find men willing and able to discuss
the subject with him. He may even publish his
opinions in a book; we will not imprison or hang
the man who circulates it; we can trust our peo-
ple to read whatever may be written; we require
no censors of the press.
How is it at the South ? To be suspected of
loving freedom better than slavery is a crime.
Men, women, and children are banished from
their homes and driven from your States for the
atrocious crime of loving liberty and hating sla-
very, not by process of law, but by the many-
headed mob. A northern man can travel with
more safety in any part of the world than in
our slave States. We can hardly take up a paper
but we see some new act of violence perpetrated
upon our northern people. The unfortunate vic-
tim may invoke the Constitution, but it has no
protection for him. He may exclaim, I am an
American citizen; but he will be answered with
imprisonment, scourge, orgibbet. And yet we are
gravely lectured for our want ©f respect for the
Constitution !
Gentlemen of the South, the North demands of
you the observance of constitutional obligations.
She demands that her citizens be protected by
your laws in the enjoyment of their constitutional
rights. She demands the freedom of speech and
of the press; and if your peculiar institution can-
Hot stand before them, let it go down, for the
rights of a nation are not to be thrown away be-
cause they conflict with your system of bondage.
Mr. Chairman, it is vain to talk of further con-
cession to slavery. We have no confidence in
its integrity. We have trusted to its plighted faith
and found it punic. Its last great act of treachery
shuts the door of compromise forever. We have
yielded to its demands, and it has only increased
its arrogance and sharpened its appetite for yet
greater demands. Let slavery restrain its inordi-
nate lust for power; let it take its place under the
Constitution, and not above it; let it respect the
rights of others and cease its aggressions; then it
will be time for its advocates here to lecture the
free States about their constitutional obligations.
We hear much about the rights of the South—in-
deed, we have heard little else; and one would sup-
pose, listening to the speeches on the other side,
that there were no rights except southern rights.
We do not hear of natural rights, or the rights of
American citizens, but the rights of the South.
What do you mean by the rights of the South?
Not the rights of your four million slaves; not
the rights of the great mass of our white brothers,
the non-slaveholders. You certainly do not mean
these; you mean the rights of the privileged few,
the rights of the slaveholding aristocracy. And,
by a strange perversion of language, the party
which is arrayed against the rights of the many,
and sustains the most arrogant demands of the
elaveholding aristocracy, is called the Demo-
cratic party! Mr. Chairman, I have heard strange
doctrines avowed here. 1 have heard Democrat
after Demociat defend slavery on principle, and
yet not one Democrat has arisen to condemn or
reprobate it—no. not one. I had supposed that
if anything was fixed in the theory of our .Gov-
ernment, or sustained by the teachings of our re-
ligion, it was tiiat man had certain God-given
rights; that these rights were 3ndcfea*ib]e; that
these rights existed before, and were superior to,
all constitutions and all laws: that they formed
the true basis of all political association; and that
to secure these inalienable rights, governments
are instituted among men,"
But, in these latter days, I find that new light
has burst upon the world; Democrats no longer
admit that men have inalienable rights; for to ad-
mit that brands slavery as a wrong, and slavery,
say they, is right—essentially right; a great moral,
social, and political blessing and good. Not Af-
rican slavery; but slavery as a principle, black or
white, is right per se. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Lamar,] in Ins able speech the other
day, attempted to show that the Bible sanctioned
slavery; if it did, it was white slavery. Indeed,
the gentleman did not attempt to sustain slavery
upon the foolish pretext of color; but he based it
upon the startling assumption that the stronger
class has a right to enslave the weaker. It is
an alarming doctrine, that physical or mental su-
periority confers upon the possessor additional
rights; for who has not a superior* And if this be
the true doctrine, where is the man who may not
at any moment become a slave? This has always
been the tyrant's plea. Intrenched behind the
Divine right of superior birth, or superior class,
he imposes his despotic will upon his cringing
subjects. There is not a despotism to-day but
sustains itself upon the very argument by which
Democracy attempts to justify slavery.
When we assert that slavery is contrary to
natural justice, we are asked for the evidence. 1
see that evidence in the intellectual and moral ca-
pabilities of man, which assert the right of im-
provement, and which slavery denies; I see it in
the eternal aspirations of the human heart; I see
it in the blight and rum which ever follow, sooner
or later, in the footsteps of slavery; and finally, I
see that evidence in the fact that slavery denies
to man every right; for the very idea of slavery
is the exclusive ownership of one man by another.
Blood, bone, sinew, and soul, all belong to the
master. According to the Louisiana code:
" A slave is in tlic power of the master, to whom he be-
long? ; the ma^tei may sell him, diapo.-e of his person, hia
industry, Jus labor; he can do nothing, po&se-s nothing, nor
acquire anything, but what inu*t belong to his master."
I hold in my hand a pamphlet, which some gen-
tleman lias kindly sent me from Mississippi. It
appears to be a report made to the southern com-
mercial convention, held at Vicksburg, May 10,
1859. The object of this convention appears to
have been to look after the much talked of south -
ern rights in general, and the opening of the Afri-
can slave trade m particular. From this southern
pen we have a more enlarged definition of slavery.
Mr. BRANCH. Will the gentleman alltnvme
to set linn ri?ht on a question of fact?
Mr. EDGfERTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRANCH. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio to s*y that the object of that southern
commercial convention was to look after the open-
ing of the slave trade. Perhaps the gentleman is
not aware of the fact that, when that subject was
introduced into the convention, it was voted down
by an overwhelming majority of the convention,
and that the object of those conventions has no
connection whatever with the African slave trade,
but is to promote and encourage southern com-
merce. Let mc state the additional fact, that the
introduction of this subject into that southern
commercial convention has destroyed and broken
up the whole system ofconventjonstliathad lasted
for years.
Mr. EDGERTON. I read from the pamphlet:
5. The value of the association i<? the laboier himself,
and not, ;u m hec labor, the puvate coutiact or labor obli-
gation. Li the fiec system, the labor obligation j-j piopeity:
but m the j-lave <y-«tem, the tahorei himself N prop -rr>
The man liimsclfis a negotiable chattel; hi- <*oul ^ Jgnoj ed;
he in a brute; he can bes-heared like a feheep, btamied like
u mulo, voked like an ov, hobbled like a hor.->e, maikedhke
a hog, and maimed like a. eui ; he can b" butchered like a
beef, hkrnned like a buck, or scalded like a shoat; he can
by hurled into a fishpoml to fatten ,iml flavor lampreys, or
sme.uvd wuh tai and set on fire to light ungodly dances.
"6. The continuance ot the association is systematic.
Tbiu is slavery's eminent advantage over tree labor. The
hireling's association is a variable, v.ho.-o functions aio
climate*, soil*, idiosvncrasies, lace, education, molality,
and teligion. The fiee laborer tlni^wojkss when he pleases,
as lon^ as he plcasea, lor whom he pleases, and for what
he pleases. But the f-lave woiks not a^ he pleases, but a=
his master pleases. Tiie slave* thu.saie economically s>o
continuous, adaptable and lcgular, that stiikesaud idle-
ncss. me vjituaiJy eliminated, indeed, blavery is nothing
moie than labor obeying unchecked, unregulated, and irre-
sponsible capital."
I will not attempt to add anything to this pic-
ture of what slavery is, as defined by southern
men; but I may be permitted to ask, u Is slavery
a good—good 'for the master and good for the
slave? a blessing which should be fostered by the
General Government?" Again: ifslavery be right,
then the labor of the slave is a duty which he owes
to his master; and to follow the sentinel north star
to Canada and freedom, would be larceny. And
besides, if one man may justly be made a slave, so,
then, may all others; if man nasno rights as man,
then everythingislcft to the blind sway of chance;
the strong enslave the weak, and might becomes
the measure of right. This ghostly atlieism can
never meet the approval of our people. It de-
thrones God, and enthrones instead the devil of
discord and strife. I am thankful that no party
at the North can maintain such doctrines ana live.
That sectional Democratic party is fast dying out;
in fact it has now no existence at the North, ex-
cept a sort of commercial existence. A few cotton
merchants, a few cotton divines, and a few cotton
politicians, constitute its strength. Be not de-
ceived, gentlemen of the South f They are a Swiss
guard; they serve for pay, and do not represent
the opinions of the people.
Mr. Chairman, the old cry of disunion has been
raised here; notby Republicans, notby any mem-
ber on this side of the House, but by democrats;
and day after day this Hal! has rung to the shriek
of disunion. We have heard the same cry before;
it has become familiar to our ears, and it has al-
ways been the precursor of some new aggression
upon freedom and the rights of the North. There
was a time when that cry could excite alarm; there
was a time when it could extort concessions; but
that time has passed. It is now impotent for evil.
If you of the South are resolved upon disunion,
why delay? Proceed at once to your purpose!
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford]
stated the issue some days since, when he said:
" Sir, this question has resolved itself at last into a ques-
tion of slavery and disunion, or no slavery and Union. My
position is taken; that of my constituents is taken ; the
position of the North is taken, and there is no mistaking
that position."
Yes, sir, the position of the North is taken,
unmistakably taken,against slavery and disunion,
and in favor of Union and freedom. In a subse-
quent part of his speech, he states the contingency
which, in his opinion, would justify disunion:
il Now, in regaid to the election of a Black Republican
President 1 have this to say, and I speak the sentiment of
every Democrat on this floor fiom the State of Georgia:
we win never submit to the inauguration of a Black Repub-
lican President' (Applause fiom the Democratic benches,
and hisses hom the Republicans.] 1 repeat it, sir: and I
have authority to say &o; that no Democratic Representa-
tive ftom Georgia on tins floor will ever submit to the in-
auguration of a Black Republican President. [Renewed
applaiibc and hisses.]"
There is no ambiguity in this; and I commend
the gentleman's frankness, if not his zeal. Here
is tile Democracy of an entire State, it seems, in
favor of disunion.
The honorable gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] is equally explicit. He said:
"Gentlemen of the Republican party, I warn you. Pre-
sent your sectional candidate for 1860 ; electhimasthercp-
resentauvc of your system of labor; take possession of the
Government as the instrument of your power in this conflict
of' irrepi edible conflict,' and we of the South will teai this
Constitution in pieces, and look to our guns for justice and
light against aggression and wrong. Decide, then, the des-
tinies oi tins great country. We are prepared ior the decis-
ion "
Another gentleman from the same State [Mr.
Sixgleton] said:
♦'You ask me when will the time come; when will tha
South be united? Jt-wilibe when you elect a Black Repub-
lican—Hale, Sewaud, oi Chase—Presidentof the United
States. Whenever \uu undertake to place such a man to
pieiidc over the destinies of the South, you may expect to
bee U;- undivided and indivisible friends, and to see all par-
ties of the tfouth arrayed to resistlns inauguiation." * *- *
" We can never quietly stand by and peimit the conuol
of the Ainiy and Navy to go into the hands ot a Riack Re-
publican Piesident."
A gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Bon-
iiam,] in a speech delivered hero a few days since,
said:
ik As to disunion, upon the election of a Black Republi-
can, X can speak tor no one but myself and tbo e i have
here tile honor to represent; and I say, without hesitation,
that, upon the election of Mr. Seward, or any other man
who indorses and proclaims the doctrines held by him and
hi* paity—call him by uh.it name you jelease—I am in
l tavorofan immsdmte'di&solution of the Union. And, sir,
! I think I ispeakthe sentiments of my own constituents and
i the State of South Carolina, whfin 1 say so."
i I cannot continue these extracts, but wili close
' by citing one other, from the very able speech
| ot' the honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
I Ccbuy:]
; " However distasteful it may be to my friend from Now
i Yoik, [Mr. Clark,] however mueh it may revolt the public
