1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
of their defects, and bore to them the relation which liberty
bears to ireedem on the one hand and slavery on the other."
The report goes on to speak of the peculiari-
ties of the three systems of labor. Of free labor
he enumerates ten peculiarities. When he comes
to the consideration of the second kind of labor,
he says:
" Slave labor resembles, in many essentials, free labor
And goes on to enumerate ten peculiarities of the
slave system. It is from that enumeration of the
ten peculiarities of labor that the gentleman from
Ohio read his extract.
The report further on says:
"Such arc the ten peculiarities of slavery, the system
oppojved to lree labor.
"The third, or composite luboi system, embodies .ill of
the effccts, and none of the defects of the other two.
u And as th'i composite, now is virtually the ne^ro labor
system ot the United States South, and therefore iamihar
to us all, its happy peculiarities may soon be noted, for
they are not less distinct than delightful."
The committee will perceive that in response to
those resolutions, and strictly in response to the
resolutions by which the duty had been imposed
on him by the convention, tlie chairman of that
committee lays down that there are three sys-
tems of labor known to the United States. One
he calls the free-labor system; another he calls
slavery—being the system of negro servitude
existing at the time of the Revolution—among
the peculiarities of which, according to his state-
ment, were those read by the gentleman from
Ohio; and the third he calls the negro-labor sys-
tem of the South, as it exists at this time. He
institutes a comparison between the three, and
conies to the conclusion that the system of labor
at the South has changed since the Revolution,
and changed for the better; and states that the bad
system which existed at the time of the Revolu-
tion, and which was described in the extract read
by the gentleman from Ohio, had been super-
seded by a better, purer, and more philanthropic
system. He enlarges upon these points in the
report, which is strictly responsive to the resolu-
tions under which it was proposed.
I wish to say, further, in relation to the report of
the proceedings of that convention, that when gen-
tlemen of the North undertake to hold responsible
the whole slaveholding interests of the South for
all that is done at these southern commercial con-
ventions, they do us very great injustice. These
conventions are not called with any reference to
slavery or the interests of slavery. They have
been held for years past. Their object has been
to cultivate our industrial interests, and improve
the commercial system of the South; and when,
at the last convention, as I stated while the gen-
tleman from Ohio was making his speech, an able
and distinguished gentleman moved a resolution
looking to action for opening the African slave
trade, the convention voted down the proposition
by an overwhelming majority. And it :s gener-
ally understood now at the South, that in conse-
quence of the unpopularity of that movement at
the last convention, no more of these conventions
will be held.
I have accomplished all I desired; and I con-
clude by saying that, if the gentleman from Ohio
Will read that reporf, he will see that he has done
gross injustice by attributing to the author of that
report the allegation that the odious peculiarities
which he says belonged to the institution of sla-
very eighty years ago still attach to it; for he says
expressly that there has been so great and marked
an amelioration as to induce him to classify it as
a new and different system. Without subscribing
to his opinions as to the character and features
of the institution eighty years ago, I will vindicate
him thus far, and will not further trespass on the
committee.
Mr. GROW next addressed the committee on
his homestead measure. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. JUNK1N obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that if he does
not desire to proceed with his remaiks now, I
will move that the committee rise.
Mr. JUNKIN. If I proceed with what I have
to say now, there will be that much time saved.
Mr. KELLOOG, of Illinois. Very well-
Mr. JUNKIN. I will proceed without delay
to the discussion of what was my chief purpose
in obtaining the floor, to wit: the protection of
American industry, by a fair and reasonably pro-
tective tariff.
And permit me here to remark, that, with a
country stretching from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific ocean, and from the snows of Canada to the
mild skies of the Rio Grande, embracing every
variety of climate, unparalleled m the fertility of
its soil, the beauty and grandeur of its scenery
unsurpassed, with water powers exceeding in
efficiency and capacity the residue of the world
combined; with the mineral ores and the black
diamonds underlying nearly every foot of our
broad land; with an intelligent, industrious, and
enterprising population; yet, with all these de-
cided, and elsewhere uncombined advantages,
we have our workshops in Europe, our spinning
jennies in Manchester, our iron furnaces in Wales,
our knife factories m Sheffield, our founderics in
Scotland, and our silk looms in France. Yes,
sir, with all these bountiful gifts of God showered
upon us, we blindly, and with a fatuity unparal-
leled, turn from these treasures in our midst, and
import annually more than three hundred and fifty
millions of foreign products, instead of saving
$200,000,000 of that sum by encouraging our own
domestic industry. Why, sir, was ever such a
spectacle presented to the world, of a nation spurn-
ing wealth and industry from its own doors, and
eagerly steaming the ocean, in hot haste, to pour
its gold and silver into the coffers of European
Powers? Was there ever seen policy more sui-
cidal? Yes, sir, under a pretended and spurious
tariff, which amounts to a tax, without even in-
cidental or accidental protection, we have sub-
stantially free trade and nothing else. You arc,
by your present system, taxing the people with-
out any corresponding benefit. J t is high time this
prostrating and ruinous policy were abandoned.
Look around, and what do we behold ? Industry
crippled in every direction; the artisan folding
his hands in despair; pinching poverty, with its
shriveled form, stealing into ins habitation, "that
home where he loves to dwell," and us he gciz.es
on those dear dependents who lean upon him for
support, he feels that the h<-avy hand of his Gov-
ernment is against, him; that'his fry of distress
reaches not the dull ear of power. The night no
longer reveals the cheerful fire of the coal pit on
the mountain side; it has been extinguished by
the free trade policy of this Government. Every-
where men are sighing for the good old days, not
"'of Adam mid of Eve," but of the tariff of 1842.
" Polk, Dallas, and the tan If of 1842," we Demo-
crats of IVnnsylvania inscribed upon our banners
m 1844; but when the election was over, the vic-
tory won, and the people gulled, it was still Polk
and Dallas, but <£nary" a word about the tariff
of 1842. " The child's name was Anthony."
Now sir, let us look into this question. What
are we doing? Why, sir, with every ton of iron,
every yard of broadcloth, every web of calico,
every dozen knives, every foot of Scotch pipe,
we import from foreign countries, we buy with it
not only the value of raw material, and the skill
and labor bestowed upon it—but the bread and
beef, potatoes, cabbage, and beans required by
the workmen employed in their production. Who
can deny this? And yet we hear high-souncT-
mg talk, that we are agricultural, and can only
find a market for our cereal and farming prod-
ucts, by trading with the world; when in point of
fact, we not only pi>y for the labor employed in
the manufacture of the article, but also for what
the labor consumes when so employed. Now,
then, if that article, be it what it may, had been
manufactured at home, the person so employed in
its production would not only been withdrawn
from producing the articles required to feed and
sustain him while so engaged, but lie would ac-
tually have been consuming the beef, cabbage,
wheat, potatoes, and pork, which his neighbor,
the farmer, had been engaged during this very
time in producing Thus, then, not only the
money expended in the purchase of the ailiclc
so produced would have remained m the coun-
try, for circulation and use, but that neighbor and
farmer engaged in producing those articles of ne-
cessity so consumed would also have found a
market for those very articles; whereas, by its
manufacture abroad, all these advantages arc fore-
gone. First, the money required to pay for it is
taken out of the country; and in the second place
the market for all these agricultural products so
consumed is lost; and to make it still worse, he
who would otherwise have been employed in man-
ufacturing said article is engaged (for the want
of proper encouragement) in producing beef, pork,
wheat, beans, and cabbage; and thus, instead of
a consumer, becomes a competitor. Now this ex-
ample will stand for every kind of manufacturing
which can be done in this country, and which is
now done abroad.
I desire now to press this point upon the House
and upon the country, namely, that the great policy
of every government, and the interest of the farmer,
is to bring the producer and the consumer as near
together as it is practicable or possible to do. It is
the expense of transportation, whether it be a
manufactured article or an agricultural product,
that creates the difference of price at different points
of a country. For instance, a bushel of corn in
Kentucky is worth forty cents; but if it is carried
to the city of New York it is worth eighty cents.
Howcomes this difference of one half? Simply-be-
cause the cost of transportation is just forty cents.
But if you had a consumer for that bushel of corn
on the spot in Kentucky, where it was raised, its
intrinsic value would be, and is, just as great in
Kentucky as in New York; but the want of that
consumer creates the necessity for transportation,
and hence the cost of transportation is the difference
in its value at these two points. Now, if there
lived alongside of the producer of this bushel of
corn in Kentucky, a weaver of broadcloth who
would consume it, then it would command eighty
cents at home. And so with reference to any
other article of agricultural product. And yet,
ridiculous as it may seem, we are gravely told,
that the oftener and further the agricultural and
manufactured articles are carried and transported
the cheaper both become; and I suppose, on this
theory, if both were carried once or twice round
the globe, the consumer would, in the end, get
them for nothing. It is very manifest that this
process of cheapening by transportation is absurd
Now, what, in reality, are the products that a
farmer remote from large cities has for sale which
will bear transportation, exel usive of cotton ? Why
simply his wheat, rye, corn, beef, pork, and
occasionally a few bushels of cloverseed. His
potatoes, beets, cabbage, apples, turnips, &c., all
that class of gross products, will not hear trans-
portation, commission, and expense of getting
them into market; and it really costs him from
fifteen to twenty-five per cent, to get even his more
valuable products, such as wheat, rve,&c., there.
But build up manufacturingestablishmcnts, foster
that branch of industry, and towns, villages, and
cities would spring up in every portion of the
country, at which a market would be furnished
not only for such products, less gross, and which
he usually sells, and that too without the cost of
transportation, but he would find ready sale for
all those gross articles which, although more
cheaply raised, are now only produced for his own
consumption, and from which lie receives no rev-
enue whatever. Not only would the farmer find
a ready sale for all these products, but the build-
ing up of such manufacturing establishments
would withdraw a large portion of the community
who are now producers, and convert them into
consumers. At present, what occupation is open
to industrious men except the cultivation of the
soil, thereby increasing competition, while from
the depressed condition of our manufacturing in-
terests, the consumers are diminished? Now,
every practical man knows full well that men
owning mere truck-gardens near populous cities
make fortunes off ten-acre lots, although they
never sow a grain of wheat or raise a stock of
corn, while others remote from such cities are
broken up on four-hundred-acre farms. How
comes this ? Simply because the one finds a mar-
ket for all he can raise of every description, while
the other is swamped in the transportation of his
less bulky and more valuable products.
But it may be said that, while the eastern States
would gain by the protective system, the West
would lose. Well, sir, let us see about that.
Your nine million of the great West are clearly
entitled to be consulted in the determination of
this yu^stion. We desire nothing that will injure
or cripple your energies. You are a power in this
Confederacy, and must not be ignored. What,
you ask, have you to gain by this system? In
fact you are pork—essentially pork, wheat,beef,
corn", and {< corn juice," from the western line of
Pennsylvania back to the very verge of civiliz-a-
