I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Laics of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st
Chap. CII.—An Act granting a Pension to Abra-
ham Crum.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Abraham Crum, of the State of Ohio,
on the invalid pension roll, and pay him a pen-
sion, at the rate of eight dollars per month, from
the first day of April, anno Domini one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-eight, and continue during
his natural life.
Approved, June 9, I860.
Chap. CIIX.—An Act for the Relief of Emma A.
Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major George
W. F. Wood, of the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and hp is hereby, directed to place the name of
Mrs. Emma A. Wood,ofUtica, New York, widow
of the late Brevet Major George W. P. Wood, of
the United States Army, on the pension list, at
the rate of twenty-five dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this act, and
to continue during life.
Approved, Juno 9, 18G0.
Chap. CIV.—An Act for the Relief of W. Y.
Hansell, the heirs of W. H. Underwood, and
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed and required to pay to
W. Y. Hansell, and the heirs of W. H. Under-
wood, and the legal representatives of Samuel
Rockwell, thirty thousand dollars, being the bal-
ance of the sum of sixty thousand dollars reserved
in the treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee nation (negotiated on the twenty-ninth
of December, eighteen hundred and thirty-five,)
for the payment of said claims, and misapplied by
the commissioners of tlie United States to the pay-
ment of other claims; the said sum to be distrib-
uted in the following manner:
To W. Y. Hansell, eleven thousand one hun-
dred and forty-six dollars;
To the heirs of W. H. Underwood, nine thou-
sand and thirty-five dollars;
To the legal representatives of Samuel Rock-
well, ten thousand one hundred and forty-four
dollars.
Approved, June 9, I860.
Chap. CV.—An Act for the Relief of Gotlieb
Scheerer.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of •America in Congress
assembled, That Gotlieb Sheerer, be, and he here-
by is,-acquitted and released from the payment
of a certain judgment rendered against him in
favor of the United States in the district court of
the United States for the eastern district of Penn-
sylvania, in the month of June, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, on a recogni-
zance entered into by him for the appearance of
one Joseph Hill; on the payment of the costs of
the suit in which said judgment was rendered.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Ciiap. CVI.—An Act for the Relief of Anthony
Schlander.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimeriea in Congress
assembled, That the title of Anthony Schlander
to the east half of the southeast quarter of section
fifteen, in township tlnrty-foar, north, of range
thirteen east of the principal meridian, being in
the Chicago land district, is hereby confirmed to
him, and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office is hereby authorized and directed to issue
a patent to him therefor.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts heretofore passed are hereby re-
pealed, so far as they may, in any manner, inter-
fere with the legal rights conferred by this act,
and no further.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CVII.—An Act for the Relief of James
Phelan.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two hundred and fifty
dollars be paid to James Phelan for his services
in prosecuting Craig, indicted before the
district Federal court of the United States for the
northern district of Mississippi, under the ap-
pointment of the honorable Samuel J. Gholson,
on a charge of robbing the United States mail;
and that said sum be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 9, I860.
Chap. CVIII.—An Act for the Reliefof the legal
representatives of Sylvester Day, late a Sur-
geon in the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimeriea in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the legal representatives of the late Sylvester
Day, a surgeon in the United States Army, the
sum of four hundred and twenty-six dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, in reimbursement of that sum paid for
medical services at Allegheny arsenal.
Approved, June 9,1860.
Chap. CIX.—An Act for the Relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of Francis Guiliory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimeriea in Congress
assembled, That the heirs or legal representatives
of Francis Guiliory, deceased, late of the parish
of St. Landry, in the State of Louisiana, be, and
they are hereby, confirmed in their claim to that
tract or parcel of lands known on the public sur-
veys of the southwestern district of Louisiana as
section number one hundred and eight, m town-
ship number four south, range number three cast,
and section number seventy-eight, in township
number four south, of range number four east,
containing about one hundred and ninety-five
acres, and that a patent shall issue therefor, as in
ordinary cases: Provided, That this act shall only
be construed as a relinquishment of whatever title
may now be vested in the United States of Amer-
ica, and shall in no wise interfere with any valid
adverse claim of other or third parties.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Ciiap. CX.—An Act for the Relief of R. K.
Doebler.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the-assignment made by Samuel
H. Dill on land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, number ten thousand one
hundred and seventeen, issued fourth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, which assignment
was made on the twenty-eighth day of November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, to R. IC. Doebler,
be, and the same is hereby, legalized and made
valid.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CXI.—An Act for the Relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to credit the accounts of Brevet Lieu-
tenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain Charles
S. Winder, of the United States Army, with the
sum of one hundred dollars each, it being the sum
they each had in their possession on board of the
steamer San Francisco during the month of Do-
cember,eighteenhundredand fifty-threes at w hich
time the said steamer was lost, together with the
above amounts, and which now stands charged
against the said Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Burke
and Captain Winder upon the books of the Treas-
ury, it having belonged to the recruiting fund of
the United States Army.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CXII.—An Act for the Relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimeriea in. Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Charles W. Brooks, of the State of
New York, on the invalid pension roll at the rate
of eight dollars per month, and to pay him at that
rate from the first day of January, one thousand
eight hundred and sixty, and continue during his
natural life.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Ciiap. CXIil.—An Act for the Relief of Peter
Rogerson and Son, of St. John's, Newfound-
land, owners of the British Brig Jessie.
Be it enacted hj the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of State be, and he
is hereby, authorized to pay, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Peter Rogerson and Son, owners of the British
brig Jessie, for losses incurred by reason of the
rescuing of the passengers and crow of the Amer-
ican ship Northumberland, in the month of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, when
in a sinking condition, and conveying them to
Cork, Ireland, the sum of seven thousand seven
hundred and eighty-eight dollars and seventy-five
cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary:
Provided, That the proper proportionate part
thereof, according to the number of British sub-
jects so rescued, shall be paid by the British Gov-
ernment.
Approved, June 9, 1860.
Chap. CXVI.—An Actto reimburse the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
a sum of money advanced towards the construc-
tion of the Little Falls Bridge.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the sum of four thousand six hun-
dred dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to repay to the
Corporation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, all moneys heretofore advanced by the
said Corporation for and towards the construc-
tion of the bridge over the Potontac, at the point
known as the Little Falls. And the said Cor-
poration of Georgetown, by accepting the provis-
ions of this act, shall waive and surrender aU
further claim or demand on the Government of
the United States, founded on any advancement
of money or other thing towards the object herein
specified for any purpose whatsoever. This act
shall commence and be in force from and after its
passage.
Approved, June 12, 1860.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That John Thaw, George Brown, C.
J. Wright, John'T. Bangs, Martin Johnson, and
others, the officers and members of the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia, and their successors,
be, and they are hereby, incorporated and made
a body politic and corporate, by the name of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows of the District of Columbia; and by that
name may sue and be sued, plead and be im-
pleaded, in any court of law or equity, and may
have and use a common seal, and the same change
at pleasure, and be entitled to use and exercise
the powers, rights, and privileges incident to such
corporation.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation shall be capable of taking and holding
real and personal estate not exceeding in value
the sum of fifty thousand dollars; which estate,
personal and real, shall never be divided among
the members of the corporation, but shall descend
to their successors for the promotion of the be-
nevolent purposes of said corporation.
