I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51S
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong,... 1st
Chap. CXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary-
ett Van Buskirk.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Maryett Van Buskirk, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of twenty thousand three hundred and sixty-
seven dollars, in full payment for the claim for
forage,grain, cattle, and othersupplies furnished
to the American army by the late Thomas Van
Buskirk, deceased, of Bergen county, State of
New Jersey, during the revolutionary war.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
,Chap. CXXIV.—An Actfor the Relief of George
P. Matsh.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to pay George P.
Marsh, late Minister to the Ottoman Porte, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, the sum of nine thousand dollars, in
full for all claims he may have on account of spe-
cial services rendered by him in Greece, in the
years eighteen hundred and fifty-two and eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, under instructions from
the State Department.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the titles to certain tracts of land
at Green Bay, Wisconsin, confirmed to Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon by the commis-
sioners appointed under the act of Congress ap-
proved February twenty-one, eighteen hundred
and twenty-three, entitled " An act to revive and
continue in forcc ccrtain acts for the adjustment
of land claims in the Territory of Michigan," and
which are described as follows: to Francis La-
vonture, " commencing at low-water mark on
Fox river, and running west eighty arpen[t]s, or
so far as to make said claim contain six hundred
and forty acres, (as confirmed by said commis-
sioners,) and bounded on the south by a ce"rtain
tract occupied by the United States garrison, west
and north by wild or uncultivated lands, and east
by Fox river, being sixteen arpen[t]s in breadth;"
and to Pierre Grignon for a picce or parcel of
ground lying or being on the west side of Fox
river, Green Bay, immediately below thefirst creek
that empties into said river, about fifteen acres in
front on the said river, and extending back indef-
initely, be, and the same are hereby, ratified and
confirmed; and that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office cause the said tracts of land to
be surveyed m the same manner as other private
claims to lands in Green Bay have been surveyed;
and that he be requiied to issue patents thereon
to and in the names of thq aforesaid Francis La-
vonture and Pierre Grignon, respectively, subject
to such legal transfers orassignments as may have
been made by them, or their heirs or legal repre
sentatives, at any time subsequent to the confirm-
ation to them, respectively, by the said Commis-
sioner, according to the fifth section of the act of
eighteen hundred and twenty-three.
Approved, June 13, I860.
Ciiap. CXXVI.—An Act granting an Invalid
Pension to Beriali Wright, of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Beriah Wright, nf New York, upon the roll of
invalid pensioners of the United States, and pay
him a pension, at the rate of four dollars per
month, in addition to the pension he is now re-
ceiving, from the sixteenth day of February, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, during
his natural life.
Approved, June 13, 18G0.
New Series—No. 33.
Chap. CXXYII.—An Act for the Relief of Eras-
tus Hutchins.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to place the name of
Erastus Hutchins, of Ohio, a soldier in the war
of eighteen hundred and twelve, upon the pension
roll, and allow him eight dollars per month from
the first of January, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Approved, June 13, 1860.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act to Incorporate the Na-
tional Gallery and School of Arts in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ilovse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there may be established in the
District of Columbia, by the persons hereinafter
named, a gallery and school of arts, for the pur-
pose of promoting the improvement of the fine
arts, and their application to patriotic purposes,
by means of exhibitions, libraries, museum, in-
struction, and any other practicable operations.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That the said
institution shall be under the management, direc-
tion, and government of a number of trustees, not
exceeding twenty-five, to be elected annually by
the contributors to the said gallery and school,
in such manner and under such limitations and
restrictions as may be provided in the by-laws
thereof; and the first trustees of the said institu-
tion shall consist of the following persons, name-
ly; Horatio Stone, John Cranch,J. m. Stanly,
J. G. Bruff, Robert Bogle, W. W. Corcoran, A.
F. Cunningham, T. G. Clemscn, J. G. Berret,
F. P. Stanton, A. Thomas Smith, H. G. Fant,
Charles Fames, B.Ogle Taylor, George W. Riggs,
Charles Haskms, Seth Eastman, Samuel F. Vin-
ton, and L. D. Gale, which said trustees and their
successors shall be a body politic and corporate,
with perpetual succession, by the name and style
of the National Gallery and School of Arts; by
which name and title the said trustees and their
successors shall be competent and capable, in law
and equity, to take to themselves and their suc-
cessors, for the use of the said institution, any
estate in any lands, tenements, hereditaments,
goods, chattels, moneys, and other effects, by gift,
grant, bargain, sale, conveyance, assurance, will,
devise, or bequest of any person or persons what-
soever: Provided, The same do not exceed, in the
whole, the yearly value of fifty thousand dollars,
and the same property and effects, real and per-
sonal, to grant, bargain, sell, convey, assure, de-
vise, and to farm let, and to place out oil interest
for the use of the said institution; and by the
same name to sue ami be sued, to plead and be
impleaded, m any courts of law and equity; and
to make and use a common seal, and the same to
break and alter at their pleasure; and generally,
by and in the same name, to do and transact all
and every the business touching or concerning
the premises.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees aforesaid shall hold their offices until the first
day of October, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
until their successors shall be elected. And m
the mean time, the said tiustres shall pass all
necessary ordinances and by-laws for the -com-
plete organization, government, and admmistia-
tion of the institution herein established. They
may appoint or elect a president and secretary of
their own body,and all such officers, professors,
or teachers, as to them may seem expedient, and
may confer upon them such powers, not incon-
sistent with the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, as may to them seem suitable to the
end in view. They shall provide for the election
of their successors on tile first day ef October,
eighteen hundred and sixty, and annually there-
after; but, if from any cause, such elections
should not take place at the times herein pro-
vided, they may be appointed for any other con-
venient time. And the said trustees for the first
election, and their successors ever thereafter, shall
determine and establish the rules and conditions
upon which subscribers and contributors to the
said gallet y and school shall be admitted as mem-
bers of the said institution, the manner in which
they shall vote in the annual elections for trus-
tees, and the privileges they shall enjoy in the
said institution, and in the lectures, exhibitions,
and other proceedings thereof. A majority of
said trustees shall constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the said
trustees shall have power to grant and confirm to
meritorious persons, such degrees in the arts as
they may in their by-laws establish; and grant
diplomas or certificates, under their common seal,
and signed by the president and secretary to
authenticate and perpetuate the same.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the trustees to keep regular books
or journals, in which shall be entered, under their
direction, an account of all their ordinary acts
and proceedings; all the by-laws, ordinances,
rules, and regulations; a schedule of all the prop-
erty and effccts of every kind which may in any
way be vested in the said trustees for the use and
benefit of the said institution; and the names of
all the subscribers and contributors qualified to
vote for trustees, with their respective places of
residence. And the said books or journals shall
at all times be open to the inspection and exam-
ination of the said subscribers and contributors,
and when required by either House of Congress,
it shall be the duty of the said trustees to furnish
any information respecting the institution and its
affairs which may be so required.
Sec- 6. And be it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
said corporation to issue any note, token, device,
scrip, or other evidence of debt to be used as a
cifrrency.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this act
may at any time bo altered, amended, or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the corporation hereby created
to adopt any system of lottery or chances, as a
means of making a revenue, or in distributing any
works of arf.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Fran-
cis Dainese.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby directed to pay to Francis Dai- '
nese, late consul at Constantinople, the sum of
four thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars
and ninety-nine cents, in full of all claims and
demands of the said Francis Dainese upon the
United States for his traveling, contingent, and
other expenses, as well as for losses sustained by
him in, and connected with, the consulate at Con-
stantinople; to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
Chap. CXLIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episco-
pal Church.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That there shall be paid, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the Missionary Society of the Methoaist
Episcopal Church, the sum of twenty thousand
dollars, upon filing m the proper Department a
release to the United States, to be approved by
the Attorney General, of all claim to the land
embraced within the limits* of the military reser-
vation at the Dalles, in Oregon Territory, and of
all claim for damages for destruction of property
on or near the said land by the United States
troops or volunteers or Indians at any time ante-
rior to the date of said release.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXLV.'—An Act for the Relief of Anson
Dart.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department be, and they are here-
by, authorized and directed to pay, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Anson Dart, late superintendent of In-
