1860.
the congressional globe.
935
two systems, I will take the article of pig metal
as an example. On this article, under the tariff
of 1842, there was imposed a duty of $9 per ton,
which was specific, because it was a fixed sum,
without regard to the price or original cost in the
foreign port. Under the tariff of 1846, the duty
was changed to thirty per cent, ad valorem. Con-
sequently, when that article was worth §30 per
ton at .Liverpool, the duty would be $9; but let
the price go down to §15 per ton, and the duty
then is but §4 50, and still less as the price came
down to $10; so that at the very time the home
manufacturer most needed protection, (during low
prices,) he got the least. The same argument
^holds with regard to bar iron, and many other
articles We should not forget that the whole cost
of the millions of dollars' worth of pig metal, bar
iron, &c., manufactured in this country, is made
up of the consumption of the produce of thg farmer,
and by manual labor, and not another item enters
into the account. If that be the case, any protec-
tion afforded the manufacturer amounts, at the
same time, to incidental protection to the farming,
mechanical, and laboring interests of the country.
This is the only possible way in which the Gov-
firnment can assist and protect their interests.
Wc must not forget that capital needs no pro-
tection; but inducements are wanted to render
that capital active, and protection alone can give
it employment, and, necessarily, circulation. If
you fail to do that, it leaves you or remains in-
active.
In imposing these duties, they should be rea-
sonable and just, discriminating in favor of such
articles as can be most cheaply and readily pro-
duced at homo. Let this system be fairly and
permanently inaugurated, with due regard to the
interest of every section of this Union, and there
will follow such blessings and prosperity all over
the land, as no eye ever witnessed, or imagination
conceived. Think of the mighty million of busy
souls, bending in joyous contentment over the
active labors of the day—of the light of hope that
will loom up the pale face of the now disheartened
and desponding mechanic—so that, when the sun's
broad disk wheels up, day by day, over the east-
ern waters, to bless and beautify our incomparable
land, his eomingmay be greeted by exultant hearts,
cheerfully obeying his call to earnest, but remune-
rative toil. Then, indeed, may it be truly said of
us, " He hath not dealt so with any nation."
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, taking the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. Wasiiburse, of Illinois, reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the United States, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CURTIS. I have altered the resolution I
desired to offer this morning, so as to obviate all
objections, and I ask leave to introduce it now.
Mr. MARTIN, of Virginia. I object to the res-
olution. It was understood when we went into
committee that no business should be transacted
when we should come into the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would
suggest to the gentleman from Iowa, that half the
House objected before. [Laughter.] The reso-
lution, therefore, is not in order.
And then, on motion of Mr. "WASHBURNE,
oflllinois, (at five o'clock and ten minutes,p.m.,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Thursday, March 1, I860.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate reports of the Court of Claims, mode in pur-
suance of law, adveise to the claim of Sarah B.
Webber, administratrix of John A. Webber: the
claim of the heirs of Joshua Eddy; the claim of
Charles A. Dubois de Lucket; and the claim of
John H. Merrill; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of L. D.
Benedict and others, praying that the militia of
the war of 1812, and of the Indian wars, may be
placed on the same footing, in regard to bounty
land, as those who served in the late war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented papers relating to
the claim of Mary Lloyd, widow of James Lloyd,
for a balance due on his contract for carrying the
mails; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of J. Hen-
debert, praying to be allowed a salary for the
period of his scrvice as consul for the United
States at Lyons, in France; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
TAPEKS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, Thaitiu: mcmoiial of Mary UUaso Barney, sole
daughtci and survivor of Samuel Chase, of Maryland, one
of the signers ot'ttie Declaration of Independence, piayinj*
a pension, on the files el'the Senate, be leferred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred papers in
relation to the compensation of W. A. Gorman,
as special commissioner to investigate charges
against A. Ramsey, late superintendent of Indian
affairs in Minnesota, submitted a report, accom-
panicd by a bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of
Willis A. Gorman. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 27) making an appropriation for build-
ing a miltary post near the forty-ninth degree of
north latituue, m or near the valley of the Red
River of the North, reported it\\ ith an amend-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
236) for the relief of Mary Lloyd, widow o t J ames
Lloyd; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A. M. FRIDLEY.
Mr RICE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee ort Indian Affairs be in-
structed to mquue into the expediency and piopnety of
relieving A. M. Fudiey, late agent for the Winnebago In-
dian?, from the effects of a judgment obtained against him
in the di.-nict court foi the .second diptiictof Minnesota,
m consequence of hL? bavin?, undci ordeis of the Indian
department, disobeyed an mjunct'on obtained against him
in baid comtin jegardto the pajmentoi certain moneys
belonging to said Winnebago Indians j and that said com-
mittee report by biil or otheiwi e.
MESSAGE IfROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the IIousc of Representatives,
by Mr Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 146)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
registers to the schooners Helen Blood and Sarah
Bond, of Oswego, in the State of New York.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speakc r
had signed the following enrolled bills ; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861; and
A bill (S. No ]4G) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue registers to the schooners
Helen Blood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego, in the
State of New York.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered the printing of the preamble and res-
olutions of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas,
asking admission into the Union, on the 29th of
February, 1860, at twelve o'clock and fifteen min-
utes.
RELATIONS 0F STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. Some time since I offered some
resolutions to the Senate. After a conference with
friends, I have thought proper to modify some
portion of those resolutions, changing the lan-
guage in some places. I now present the copy,
as modified, asking to withdraw the other set of
resolutions, and substitute these in their place;
and that they be printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolutions, as now modified, are as fol-
lows :
1. Resolved, That, in the adoption of the Federal Con-
stitution, the States adopting the same acted severally as
free and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of
their powers to be exercised by the Federal Government
for the increased security of each against dangers, domestic
as well as foreign; and that any intermeddling by any ono
or more States, or by a combination of their citizens, with
the domestic institutions of the others, on any pretext what-
ever, political, moral, or religious, with the view to their
disturbance or subversion, is in violation of the Constitu-
tion, insulting to the States so interfered with, endangers
their domestic peace and tranquillity—objects for which the
Constitution was formed—and, by neccssary consequenGC,
tends to weaken and destroy the Union itself.
2. Resolved. That negro slavery, as it exists in fifteen
States of this tJnion, composes an important portion of their
domestic institutions, inherited from their" ancestors, and
existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which it is
recognized as constituting an important element in the ap-
portionment of poweis among the States; and tbat.no
change of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-siave-
holding States of the Union in relation to this institution
can justify them or their citizens in open or covert attacks
thereon, with a view to its overthrow; and that all such
attacks are in manifest violation of the mutual and solemn
pledge to protect and defend each other, given by the States,
lespectively, on entering into the constitutional compact
winch lormcd the Union, and are a manifest breach of faith
and a violation of the most solemn obligations.
3. Resolved, That the Union of these States rests on the
equality of rights and privileges among its membera, and
that it is especially the duty of the. Senate, which repre-
sents the States in their sovereign capacity, to resist all
attempts to discriminate either m relation to persons or
property in the Territories, which aie the common posses-
sions of the United States, so as to give advantages to the
citizens of one State which are not equally assured to those
of eveiy other State.
4. Resolved, That neither Congress nor a Territorial Le-
gislature, whether by direct legislation or legislation of aa
indirect and unfriendly character, possesses power to annul
or impair the constitutional right of any citizen of the
United States to take his slave property into the common
Territories, and there hold and enjoy the same while the
terntoual condition remains.
5. Resolved,That if experience should at anytime prove
that the judieiaiy and executive authority do not possess
means to insure adequate protection to constitutional rights
m aTciritory, and it the territorial government shall fail or
iciuse to provide the necessary remedies for that purpose
it will be the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency.,
6. Resolved, That the inhabitants of a Territory of the
United States, when they rightfully form a constitution to
be admitted as a State into the Union, may then, for the
first tune, like the people of a State, when forming a new
constitution, decidc for themselves whether elavery as a
domestic institution shall be maintained or prohibited with-
in their jurisdiction; and they shall be received into the
Union with or without slavery, as their constitution may
piesciibe at the time of their admission.
7. Resolved, That the provision of the Constitution for
the rendition of fugitives from service or labor, "without
the adoption of which the Union could not have been form-
ed,"and that the lawsol 1793 and I860, which were enacted
to secure its execution, and the main features of which,
being similar, bear the impress of nearly seventy years ot
sanction by the highp^t judicial authority, should be honest-
ly and faithfully observed and maintained by all who enjoy
the benefits of our compact of Union ; and that all acts of
individuals or of State Legislatures to defeat the puipo3e
or nullify the requirements of that piovision, and the laws
made in pursuance of it, arc hostile in character, subversive
of the Constitution, and revolutionary in their effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the other resolutions will be considered as
withdrawn, and these substituted in their stead,
and take their place on the Calendar. The Chair
hears no objection.
The motion to print was agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish to call
up a bill which I presented some time sincc. It
is one of some importance to the States of Min-
nesota and Oregon. The bill was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
is now reported back by them favorably, and I
ask for its passage. It extends the benefit of the
swamp land grants, heretofore made to all the
other States, to those two States. I will say to
the Senate beforehand, that the Committee on
Public Lands have again considered the bill which
we had before us, which was passed at the last
session of Congress, very maturely, and have con-
ferred with the Dejmrtment of the Interior on the
subject, and have carefully guarded and restricted
it in every way that is deemed consistent with
justice to the subject. I ask that the bill maybe
considered now. It is reported with an amend-
ment as a substitute
There beingnoobjection,the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 20) to extend the provisions of ((An
