514
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 19,
36th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Laivs of the United States.
dian affairs in the Territory of Oregon, the sum
of four thousand dollars per annum, deducting
therefrom twenty-five hundred dollars per annum,
already received, for the time he served as such
superintendent, being: from the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and fifty, to the fourth day of (
May, "eighteen hundred and fifty-three; and also j
to settle with him upon principles of equity and j
justice, so as to indemnify him for all moneys !
paid and expenses incurred by him for the use j
and benefit of the Government, for the services !
of an extra assistant clerk six months, and for |
the board of the Indian interpreters employed by \
him during his term of office as superintendent as i
aforesaid.
Approved, June 1G, 1860.
pension rolls of the United States, at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month,'to commence on
the first day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, June 16,1860.
Chap. CXLVI.—An Act for the Relief of Solo-
mon Wadsworth.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of 'America in Congress
assembled, That the title of Solomon Wadsworth,
of'Clayton county, in the State of Iowa, be, and
the same is hereby, confirmed to lots numbers
two and three, in section numberfiftcen* in town-
ship number ninety-four north, of range three
v/est, containing: one hundied and thirty-four
acres and eighty-four hundredths of an acie, in
said State of Iowa, and that a patent issue there-
for, in accordance with the laws of the United
States, upon the payment of one dollar and twen-
ty-five cents per acre therefor into the proper land
office of the United States.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CXLVII.—An Act for the Relief of John
Brannan.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and Home, of Repre-
sentatives of the United States cfAmerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of theTieasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to "pay
to John Brannan, an employ# in the Dcpaitment
of State, the* sum of two hundred and eighty dol-
lars, ill full for extra services as librarian jii jjaid 1
Department, from the fifteenth of September, ■
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, to the fifteenth
of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, be- 1
ing at the rate of four dollars per day, after de- 1
.ducting the pay received by him as au employe i
during said time. ;
Approved, June 16, 1860. !
   i
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act for the Relief ofR. ]
W. Clarke. !
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Rtprc- '
sentatives oj the Lulled Stales ofAmtt iva in Congress '
assembled, That there be paid, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to '
II. W. Ci<iiite, late assistant messenger 111 the ■ !
office of the Commissioner of Pension'*, the sum ''
of two hundred and twenty-five dollars, in full ;
compensation for extra services performed by 1
in said office as clerk, from January one, eighteen : j
hundred and fifty-one, to October one, eighteen j
hundred and fifty-one. >j
Approved, June 16,1860.
Chap. CLI.—AnActgrantingaPension to James
Alexander, an invalid soldier of tjie war of
eighteen hundred and twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and instructed to
place the name of James Alexander on the invalid
pension lists of the United States, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
to continue during his natural life.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
Chap. CLI1.—An Act for the Relief of J. R.
Crump.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to J. R. Crump,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of seven hundred and fifty
dollars, in full for his expenses in returning from
Santa Fe, in eighteen hundred and fifty-nine, and
for services, subsequently, in aiding Superin-
tendent E. F. Beale in the preparation of the
official report ofhis wagon road exploration.
Approved, June 16,1860.
Chap. CL1IL—An Act for the Pvelief of Anton
L. C. Portman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled^ That theSecietary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
Anton L. C. Portman, late clerk to Commodore
M. C. Perry, while m command of the East India
squadron, the sum of three thousand dollars,for
ina services as Dutch interpreter during the nego-
tiation of the treaty between the United States
and the empire of Japan, from the preliminary
preparations to the final completion of said nego-
tiations.
Approved, June 16, 1860.
forthg mail service he is nowperforming on mail
route number ten thousand five hundred and twen-
ty-seven, in the State of Missouri, and that the
person who prepared said bid inserted Maysville
oymistake,instead ofStcwartsville,then thePost-
mastel General is authorized and required to pay
said Livingston, m addition to his present pay, a
fair price for transporting the mails from Stewarts-
ville to Maysville, from the commencement of
>?aid service.
Approved, June 18, 1860.
Chap* CLIX.—An Act granting an Invalid Pen-
sion to Ezekiel Jones.
Be it enacted b:j the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Ezekiel Jones on the invalid pension
roll of the United States, at the rate of sixteen
dollars per month, commencing from and after the
passage of this act.
Approved, June 1$, 1860.
Chap. CLX.—An Act for the Relief of Josiah
Atkins, of Ohio.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ameri-ca in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to cause to be issued to Josiah Atkins,
of the State of Ohio, a bounty land warrant for
one hundred and sixty acres, in lieu of warrant
number fifty-four thousand eight hundred and
ninety-three, issued to said Atkins under the act
of March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
the same having been lost in transmission through
the mails by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office to the register and recorder at Council
Bluffs, Iowa, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, the same to be issued under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of the Interior
may prescribe.
Approved, June 19, 1860.
Chap. CL1V.—An Act for the Relief of Joel M
Smith.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America hi Congress j
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of j
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, directed to pay <:
to Joel M. Smith a sum equal to two per centum \[
on all mo >, yS disbursed by him as agent for pay- ::
ing pensions prior to February fifteen, eighteen j[
hundred and forty-seven, and for which he may !'
not have icceived compensation. !j
Approved, June 16. 1860. i
Chap. CXLIX.—An Act for the Relief of David
Myeile.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Tieasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to David Myerle,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of thirty thousand dollars,
for losses, sacrifices, and expenses incurred by
him in testing and establishing the practicability
and safety of the process of waier-rotting hemp,
tinder the direction of Navy Department.
Approved. June 16, 1860.
Chap. CL.—An Act granting a Pension to Mar-
tha Sanderson, widow of Major Winslow F.
Sanderson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and ■House oj Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the nam3 of Martha Sanderson on the invalid
Chap. CLV.—An Actfoi the Relief of Benjamin
Sayre.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Benjamin
Say re, of Wabash county, Indiana, out of any
money m the Tieasurv not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of two thousand and forty-three
dollars, m full of his claim for work and labor,
und.4 his contract with the United States, bearing
date December eight, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, m section sixty-seven of the Cumberland !
road in Indiana, in the division east of Indianan- '
ohs. 1 i
Approved, Juno 16, 1860. j
Chap. CLVL—An Act for the Relief of Thomas "f
R. Livingston. j
Be it enacted by the Senate and ffnuie cf Repre- j
sentatives oj the United States oj Americain Con&res? '
assembled, That the Postmaster Oeneia! be,and he I
is hereby, authorized to receive and consider such ■'
testimony as may be produced by Thomas R. •
Livingston; and if ho is satisfied fiom such testi- "
mony that said Livingston did not intend to bid'i;
Chap. CLXI.—An Act to Incorporate the East
Washington Library Association.
Be ii enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That Richard €i. D. Cooper, James
B. Peake, Elmon A. Adams, John H. B. Jenkins,
Edward M. Boteler, Samuel A. H. Marks, jr.,
Donald McCathron, and others, together with
those who may hereafter become associated with
them, are hereby made,declared, and constituted
a corporation and body politic m point of law and
in fact, to have continuance forever under the
name, style, and title of the East "Washington
Library Association.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
corporation, by the name and style aforesaid, be,
and shall he hereafter, capahle, in law and equity,
to sue and be sued, to plead and be impleaded,
to recover and be recovered from, within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, in as effectual a manner as of her
persons or corporations can do; that they shall
appoint such officers as they may deem necessary
and proper, to assign them iheir duties, and re-
move them and appoint others when duty or the
laws of the association make it necessary; and the
said corporation shall have the light to adopt any
rules or measures necessary for its government
and for the g'encral accomplishments of the objects
of the association, and for those who are herein-
after mentioned: Provided, Thnt they are not
inconsistent with the laws of the District of Co-
lumbia or of the United States in any manner
whatsoever.
Sec. 3. And be H further enacted, That all and
singular the goods, chattels, and other effects of
what kind or nature,and moneys, that have been
or may hereafter be given, granted, or devised to
the said association, or to any person or persons,
for the use thereof, or that have been or ishuil be
hereafter purchased or secured for or on account
of the said association, he, and the same is hereby,
vest* d m and secured to the said coiporatiou:
Provided. That tin; £<>ods, chattels, elfeets, and
moneys thus vested m and secured to the said
corpoiation sleiil not, in the whole, exceed the
sum and value of fifty thousand dollars.
