938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
period of time. I did not believe then, any more
than I do now, that there was any danger of a
war with Utah, or that serious apprehension of
it existed on the part of the Administration; and
supposing that there was no necessity for so large
an appropriation, Imade an effort to strike itdown
to what I supposed was necessary in order to pay
the expenses that had been incurred and would
be incurred by any necessary provision that we
should have to make with reference to those trou-
bles. The Senate, however, took a different view
of it; and that deficiency bill was passed in the
shape in which it was introduced. What has be-
come of the large amount of that money, I do not
know, but I will state, so far as my belief is con-
cerned, that there has been enough of it wasted in
contracts with favorites since that bill was passed
to have raised and supported for one year this
regiment of volunteers for the protection of the
borders of Texas. This regiment was not pro-
vided for, if my recollection serves me, at the rec-
ommendation of the Government. It was rather
in consequence of suggestions made by the then
SenatorfromTexas, General Houston, than from
any representation from the Department. In-
stead of raising additional regular regiments, and
increasing the Army in that way, as proposed
by the War Department, provision was made by
which two regiments of volunteers for general war
purposes, and a regiment of mounted volunteers
for Texas, were to be raised at the discretion of
the Government, if the necessity should exist for
them. Before we had got through that session
and passed the appropriation bills, it turned out
that there was to be no war in Utah; but the great
appropriation for that had already been made.
Consequently, no specific appropriations were
made for those two additional regiments, and for
the regiment of mounted volunteers for the pro-
tection of Texas. That was not a recommend-
ation of the Government, if I remember aright,
either from the President himself or from the De-
partments.
Well, sir, how stands the matter at this mo-
ment ? We have heard of these troubles in Texas
for many months. I have no doubt they have
existed. We have an Army at the present time,
as the Senator from New Hampshire says, of
about twenty thousand men. It is notorious that
if thcie have been these difficulties there, they
have been most grossly neglected by the. Govern-
ment. To what extent they have existed, I do
not know; I am willing to take the statements of
the Senators from Texas in relation to it; but we
have had no active movements by the Govern-
ment to protect the frontiers of Texas and the
people in that vicinity. The force sent there is
unquestionably very inadequate; nothing of con-
sequence has been done. One might have sup-
posed that that was owing to the fact that there
were 110 troops at the command of the Govern-
ment for that purpose; but how stands the fact?
The President has sent no communication to us
upon the subject recommending an appropriation
for this purpose. The Department of War has
recommended nothing with regard to it, in order
to get an appropriation to raise this regiment of
mounted volunteers for Texas. These branches
of the Government, charged with the defense of
the country in the control ofthaArmy, ha ve chosen
to he silent entirely on this subject, and to make
no lcpresentation whatever for the benefit of the
people upon that frontier; and we now find that
the Senators from Texas come in here and make
their motion for this appropriation, on the ground
of verbal statements to them from the Department,
with no recommendation officially, nothing said
by the President, nothing said by the Department,
and it being left to rest upon the motion simply
of the Senators themselves and their statement.
Mr. WIGFALL. Will the Senator allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. WIGFALL. The morning hour is nearly
elapsing, and 1 want this debate to come to a close.
The Senator recollects very well that we are on
tlie eve of a presidential canvass. He knows
very well thst economy is a great matter in a can-
vass in sustaining or breaking down an Adminis-
tration or a party; and he knows, furthermore,
that in the electoral college Texas has but four
votes. Now, sir, I do protest against any silence
on the part of the Administration being takenpro
confcsso against us. We need the regiment; and
because we are neglected by one department of
the Government, is it any reason why we should
be thrown off by all? If there is justice in our
request, grant it; if not, object to it; do not speak
until the hour is out, and so prevent action.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not speak for that
purpose; but what I have to say, I mustsay even
if the hour goes out. I am sorry if it interferes
with the wishes of the Senators from Texas, be-
cause, if this measure is necessary, when it is
presented in a proper shape, they will hear no
objection from me.
But the Senator gets the point: he says we are
on the eve of a pnesidential election. The gen-
tlemen who conduct the Government of the United
States, this Democratic Administration, choose,
according to his own showing, to be silent upon
all this necessity; to let the borders of the country
be ravaged; to do nothing even with regard to the
Army, which they have m their own power, and
under their own command, to protect the country.
They do not even make a recommendation that
we should pass an appropriation for that purpose;
hut they allow this matter to sleep and go along
in this way, and be brought in for us to act upon'
without the recommendation of the Government;
and what is to be the consequence? When we
make this appropriation and we come to add up
what it costs to carry 011 this Government, they
will say, "if Congress had not disregarded the
wishes of the Government, then the expenditures
would have been kept within reasonable limits,"
and it will be charged, as it has been before, upon
the members of the Republican party, that they
voted for appropriations which the Democratic
Government did not call for, and an effort will be
made to throw the responsibility upon us.
Another thing. I believe—1 do not know how
well founded my belief may be—that it is not sim-
ply for that purpose that this matter has been
neglected, but with a view to force other measures
upon us which I am not now at liberty to speak
of in open session. I say to the Senators from
Texas, that so far as I am concerned—and I can
speak for their sensibilities, at least so far as the
good feelings of Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber are concerned—if the necessity exists to pro-
tect the frontiers of Texas, by a regiment of
mounted volunteers, or any other mode, we shall
not stop at an appropriation of money for that
purpose, be it what it may; although I would have
iccommended to the people of Texas to do as the
State of Maine did when her territory was invad-
ed by troops from the other side of the boundary
line, from New Brunswick, though her people had
not yet been actually injured whei} she acted. In
the dead of winter we sent our own troops, to the
number of thousands, at our own expense, directly
into the territory to fight off the enemy, and keep
possession m our own land. We did not wait to
apply to the Government of the United States,
although Congress was in session, but we passed
our own bill, raised our own money, turned out
our own tfpops, took possession of our own land,
and punished those who were invading us. True,
wo were paid for it afterwards, mostly, by the
Government of the United States, because it was
a proper thing; it was money incurred for neces-
sary defense; and I should be for paying Texas,
also, if she did what was proper in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator from Maine to call up the
'special order at this hour. The special order is
the resolution of the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] 011 which he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
finishing what I have to say now, or at another
time, if the Senate pleases.
Mr. IYER SON. I desire to submit some re-
marks to the Senate on this proposition of the
Senator from Texas, and of course it will occupy
some time. I cannot vote for the proposition as
at present advised, and I want to give the reasons
why I will not vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose 110 one wishes to speak
at any length on this subject, and the brief re-
marks which will be made will not occupy much
time. If my colleague will not be thrown over
to-day, I suppose he would have no objection to
deferring his speech for the present. With that
understanding, I suppose we can go on with this
bill now.
Mr. MASON. In reference to the special or-
der at half past two o'clock, 1 will say that it is
so late an hour that, if this matter is before the
Senate, I shall not press that.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will proceed
with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is a motion made
to postpone the special order?
Mr. BROWN. I should like to know to what
hour, so that I may know when I am to com-
mence. I will consent to give way for half an
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent it can be informally laid aside for half an
hour. ['^Agreed!"] Then the Senator from
Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had but a single other
remark to make in relation to the matter. I
have indicated to Senators the ground of my ob-
jection to the proposition as it stands. I will say
to them that, before I can vote for this measure
appropriating money, they must get something
official from the Departments. Here it is proposed
to give the President power to call these troops
into active service. It does not appear officially
that there is not money enough of the appropri-
ations we made last year for the support of the
Army to enable him to do it. He has the com-
mand of the Army, and he has the command of
the money appropriated for the support of the
Army. We have nothing from him to show, or
from the head of ths War Department to show,
that it may not be done. At any rate, if it is de-
sirable to do it, the Government is in possession
of the state of facts in reference to these difficul-
ties on the border. If it is desirable to raise more
troops, volunteers or others, for the purpo^s of
protecting that border, let the President tell us so;
let the Department send us an estimate; let them
tell us how the Army is employed; the reasons
why they have no troops at their command, if they
have none at their command, to protect the fron-
tier of Texas.
Let us proceed in this matter as we proceed in
all other matters, and let the responsibility rest
where it properly belongs; in the first place, with
the Executive Government, which stands charged
with the defense of the country, which has the
command of the Army, which lias the command
of the funds for the support of the Army. Let
the Government tell us that it has not the means
in" its possession to protect this border; that it
wishes money, in order to call this regiment of
mounted volunteers into active service. Give us
the facts; tell us why they are so. When that
has been done by a communication from the
proper Department, let that communication go
into the hands of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, at the head of which stands the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] who is perfectly com-
petent to understand the whole matter, and to in-
struct us upon the subject, with regard to this
necessity; and, when that has been done, it will
be properly before the Senate; and I say, then,
that if the necessity is found to exist, there never
has been a time when I have withheld my vote,
from considerations of economy, from anything
which was necessary to be done for the protection
of the country; and there will never be such a
time while I stand here. We are able to protect
all portions of the country, if necessary, and wo
arc willing to do it; but I have no idea that the
Government, because a presidential election is
approaching, as the Senator from Texas says,
for that reason, or for any other, shall keep itself
clear of its responsibility, and throw it upon us.
Let us have the facts, as we are entitled to have
them, from the proper Department.
_Mr. DAVIS. I admit the force, in a party
view, of the objection which the Senator from
Maine has stated.^ I have felt, in a different posi-
tion, how unjust it was to affix upon an Execu-
tive Department a responsibility for expenditures
which were directed by the Congress, and against
the known will of the Executive. I admit, there-
fore, the force of his objection, in a party point of
view.
The Senator from New Hampshire is mistaken
as to the strength of the Army, and though it
does not bear very strongly upon the question, it
may be as well to correct him. The annual re-
port of the Secretary of Wai, of which I suppose
he has possession, states the authorized strength
to be eighteen thousand one hundred and sixty-
five men; and on the 1st of July the actual number
reached seventeen thousand four hundred and
