516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
36th Cong. .,. 1st- Sess. .
Laws of the United States.
certificates number one hundred and twenty-five
to William Conway, number one hundred and
twenty-seven to Daniel Clark, and number one
hundred and thirty-three to Donaldson and Scott.
Approved, June 21, 1860,
Chap. CLXXXII.—An Act to grant to the City
of"Port Huron, Michigan, a part of the Mili-
'tary Reservation of .Port Gratiot, for the en-
largement of the City Cemetery at that place.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to' convey to
the city of Port Huron, Michigan, of the mili-
tary reservation of Fort Gratiot, a lot not to ex-
ceed thirty acres, to be taken from the land adjoin-
ing the city cemetery, and to be used for its
enlargement and for no other purpose, so far and
under such conditions and reservations as, in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, the public in-
terest, present or prospective, may require.
Approved, June 22, 1860. '
Chap. CXCI.—An Act for the Relief of the Cali-
fornia Stage Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be author-
ized and directed to examine and adjust the claim
of the California Stage Company for extra ser-
vices performed on routes numbers twelve thou-
sand five hundred and forty-five, and twelve thou-
sand five hundred and thirty-five in California, for
four years ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight; and the amount found due to said
contractors shall be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCI1.—An Act for the Relief of William
Nelson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
to allow to Lieutenant William Nelson, United
States Navy, in the adjustment of his accounts,
the amount charged against him for goods stolen
from the United States ship Fredonia, while un-
der his command: Provided, That the same shall
not exceed one thousand and five dollars and
seventy-six cents.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCIII.—An Act for the Relief of Robert
Johnston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Robert Johnston, of the city of
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, be, and
he is hereby, authorized to locate, on any of the
public lands of the United States subject to loca-
tion with military bounty land warrants, the fol-
lowing described bounty land warrants heretofore
issued under and by virtue of the act of eleventh
February,eighteen hundred and forty-seven, viz:
number thirty-five thousand eight hundred and
eighty-five, issued to Charles H~. Burns; number
thirty-five thousand nine hundred and thirteen,
issued to John Hurr; number thirty-five thou-
sand nine hundred and eighteen, issued to John
Lehman; number thirty-five thousand nine hun-
dred and nineteen, issued to Amos Lightncr;
number thirty-seven thousand one hundred .and
seventy-six, issued to Henry Wells; number
thirty-eight thousand seven hundred and twelve,
issued to Jesse C. Moore; number thirty-eight
thousand seven hundred and thirteen, issued to
Thomas T. Mahan; number thirty-eight thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-six, issued to
James Smith; number thirty-nine thousand seven
hundred and fifty-five, issued to James Deal;
number thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and
fifty-six, issued to William E. Fennimore; num-
ber thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and
fifty-nine, issued to John C. Hardy; number
forty-four thousand three hundred and seventy-
nine, issued to Samuel K. Worms; numberforty-
four thousand six hundred and ninety-eight,
issued to Bagshaw Barsly; number forty-four
thousand eight hundred and fifty-three, issued to
John Kolk; number forty-four thousand eight
hundred and fifty-nine, issued to Charles Corra-
gin; number forty-four thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five, issued to Ludolph Wedemeyer;
number forty-four thousand eight hundred and
seventy-six, issued to Daniel iVteyer; number
forty-four thousand eight hundred and seventy-
seven, issued to Frederick Meyer; number forty-
four thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight,
issued to Henry E. Layton; number forty-four
thousand eight hundred and eighty, issued to
Daniel Adams; number forty-five thousand seven
hundred and twenty-nine, issued to Jeremiah
Gensmer; number forty-five thousand seven hun-
dred and thirty-one, issued to George M. New-
ell; number forty-five thousand eighthundred and
sixty-six, issued to John Randolph; and number
fifty-five thousand two hundred and ninety-eight,
issued to Jphn Wallace; the discharges received
by said soldiers after the conclusion of their re-
spective terms of service having, as is alleged,
been purchased from them for a valuable consid-
eration: Provided, That if it shall hereafter ap-
pear that the said soldiers did not, in whole or in
part, receive a fair and valuable consideration for
such discharge, it shall and may be lawful for
them, or their heirs, to assert their claims respect-
ively in a court of law; and the particular tracts,
selected in satisfaction of the warrants aforesaid,
shall severally be subject to such claims in law
or equity, and the patents which may issue for
such tracts shall certify accordingly: And pro-
vided further, That any assignment made of either
of the land warrants, or the locations thereof,
prior to the issuing of patents, shall be absolutely
null and void in lav/ and equity.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCIV.—An Act to authorize the settle-
ment of the Accounts of Edward Ely, deceased,
late Consul of the United States at Bombay, on
principles of justice and equity.
Be,it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to settle, upon prin-
ciples of justice and equity, the accounts of Ed-
ward Ely, deceased, late consul of the United
States at Bombay; and he is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to the legal representatives of
the said decedent, out of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, whatsoever sum
shall appear to be due the said decedent upon the
settlement of the said account.
Approved, June 22,1860.
Chap. CXCY.—An Act for the Relief of Mary
Preston, widow of George Preston.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
upon the pension rolls, at the rate of eightjdollars
per month, the name of Maiy Preston, widow of
George Preston, late an ordnance sergeant in the
service of the United States, from the seventh of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-nine.
Approved, June 22, I860.
Chap. CXCVI.—An Act for the Relief of David
Waldo.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America hi Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to David
Waldo„out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of nine thousand
nine hundred and thirty-six dollars, being the
amount of damages awarded by the report of
Quartermaster General of the United States Army,
for the non-fulfillment, on the part of the Govern-
ment, of a contract made with him in May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, fbi delivering corn at Fort
Laiamie, and the payment of which is recom-
mended by the Secretary of War,
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCVIL—An Act for the Relief of Syl-
vester Gray.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the claim of Sylvester Gray, a
free man of color, made under the preemption act
of September fourth, eighteen hundred and forty-
one, to the northwest quarterof section fourteen,
in township forty-eight, of range thirteen, of the
lands of the United States subject to sale at the
land office at Superior, Wisconsin, be, and the
same is hereby confirmed; and upon completion
of such claim, by payment of the purchase money,
or the location of a bounty land warrant, the Sec-j
retary of the Interior shall cause to be issued to
the said Sylvester Gray, a patent for the said land,
as in other cases.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Lieu-
tenant William A. Winder, of the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, ana they are hereby authorized
and directed to credit the account of Lieutenant
William A Winder, of the United States Army,
with the sum of one hundred dollars, it being the
amount he had in his possession on board of the
steamer San Francisco, in the month of Decem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, when said
steamer was lost, together with that amount of
money, and which now stands charged against
the said Lieutenant William A. Winder, upon
the books of the Treasury, it having belonged to
the recruiting fund of the United States Army.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CXCIX.—An Act amendatory of an Act
approved June fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, for the Relief of Sherlock and
Shirley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmtrica in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to reexamine, upon the
evidence now in the Post Office Department, the
cases of fines and deductions charged against the
pay of Sherlock and Shirley for mail service on
route number five thousand one hundred and
three, from Louisville to St. Louis, between
April second, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and
November twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, under contract and agreement with the
Department, and to remit so much of such fines
and deductions as, in his judgment, ought not to
have been enforced if said service had all been
performed under written contract: Provided, That
no case of fine heretofore considered and decided
by any former Postmaster General, upon the ap-
plication of the contractors, shall be reviewed
under the provisions of this act.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. A.
W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to Anne W. Angus, widow of Captain Samuel
Angus, of the United States Navy, deceased, the
amount of pay which he would have leceived if
he had remained in the Navy from the date of his
dismissal to the date of Siis death, at the same
rate he was drawing when dismissed; and that she
be placed in all respects as to pension as she
would have been had her husband not been dis-
missed the service; said allowance to be in full
of all claims of said widow.
Approved, June 23, i860.
Chap. CCVII.—An Act for the Relief of Sheldon
McKnight.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojjht fjniled Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, directed to pay out of any money in
