1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
ninety-eight. Of this tiumhpt- ho says there are
not more than eleven thousand men available for
active service in the field—a little over one half
the estimate oftheSenatorfrom New Hampshire.
Further than this, 1 will state tiiat a bill on this
subject was introduced into the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs; but
it was considered proper, as has been stated, that
the Senate should be informed of the views of the
Executive Department. It was sent to the War
Department, for a report, in order that the Senate
might judge, on the foots presented, of the neces-
sity of legislation. No reply has been received;
therefore the committee was not prepared to re-
port the bill, and I am not prepared now to pre-
sent the views of the Executive Department. In
the annual report, however, the one laid on our
tables at the beginning of this session, from the
Secretary of War, he notices the condition of the
Texan frontier. He says:
" More than the u-mal amount of disturbance ha"-occurred
during the past summer, upon nearly the whole tine of our
Texan frontier. Brevet Major General Tvvi^, then the
commander of that department, during tlic early spring, is-
sued orders for the abandonment of Fort Crown, and the
concentration of the troops at other points upon the fron-
tier higher up the Kio Giande."
He then goes on to state that this officer doubt-
less supposed there could be no danger in with-
drawing the troops from a point opposite to the
large town of Matamoras, but he had been disap-
pointed; that Texas had been invaded and her cit-
izens murdered, and that he had sent a foice to
Brownsville, which he had every reason to be-
lieve would prove sufficient for the protection of
that point, and tranquillity, he supposed, could
have been restored.
But it is very well known to the Senate that it
is quite competent for the Mexicans to cross the
Rio Grande at many other points; that during the
p«nod of low water they can ford it at almost any
place, ltis known, through the means of intelli-
gence we have ill the public press, that forays have
been made upon Texas. It is known, al o, that
Texans have invaded Mexico. No longer ago
than this morning there was contained in one of
the daily papers of this city a statement that the
Texans had burnt some property on the Mexican
side, and that a demand for indemnification had
been made. The state of things which is then
presented to us, upon the public information, is
simply this; Texas has been invaded by maraud-
ing parties from Mexico, and Texans have retal-
iated upon Mexico. Wc are thus drifting, as it
were, into a war between the two countries, from
the absence of that protection which should be
afforded along the Rio Grande frontier, and that
restraint which should be imposed upon the ac-
tion of our own people. Texas, no doubt, is
ready to-day to act as the Senator says Maine did,
and send her own citizens to the Rio Grande, un-
restrained by the authority of the United States;
but, as inevitably as they arrive at that point, they
will invade Mexico, and, if that country is not
too weak to prevent it, involve the two nations in
war. That is the point we have to consider—
our duty of protection to Texas on the one side,
and our obligations to Mexico on the other.
I regret that we have not reports from the Ex-
ecutive Departments which would enable us to
present this matter to the Senate, and fix upon a
Democratic Administration what responsibility
attaches to them. Let them answer for themselves
why marauding troops have been able to invade
a part of Texas ? Let them answer for themselves
where the Army is, and why it is not employed for
the defense of that frontier? Jn the mean time, we
have their answer as to the employment of troops in
their quarters; and I know no place where any can
be drawn from except from Utah, and that would
be too distant to answer any demand that may
now be made. The Presidentof the United States
has the authority, under the Constitution and the
law, to call out troops to repel invasion; to call
out the militia for that purpose; he could call out
the militia without an appropriation. He waits
for an appropriation. I suppose it is upon some
consideration that the evil is not as great as is
represented by the Senator from Texas, or per-
haps that he does not choose to incur the censure
of the Congress for involving the Government in
a debt which they have not authorized him to
incur. Whether it be one view or the other, T,
for one, am willing in the present state of the case,
to depart from what I would consider the proper
and ordinary rule of conduct, and without the
Executive's distinct recommendation, with the
information we have from the Executive and War
Department, contained in their annual reports,and
with the information we have through the public
press, to make an appropriation to carry out the
existing law, and thus to instruct the President to
ca'i out a regiment of mounted men for the protec-
tion of this fiontier.
I am notable to say why "some of the regiments
of regular troops cannot be assembled to perform
that service. I do not pretend to judge or stand
in front of any censure which, at some future day,
it may be necessary to pass on the manner in
which the troops have been administered. I only
say the facts stare us ill the face, thata portion of
our country has been invaded, and that wo are
about to be involved in a war with the Republic of
Mexico, unless it be too feeble to repel an aggres-
sion, by Texas doing for herself, in the event that
this Government docs nothing, that which it is
our duty to perform.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that we are proceeding very irregularly m
passing this bill for an object of our own, without
having any communication with the President of
the United States on the subject. He would ex-
press to us, if he made a communication, to what
use he will apply, and in what service he will em-
ploy, this regiment. You hasten, fora particular
object of your own, to put this regiment in the
field. As soon as you do so, your control over it
ceases; and how will the President employ it?
Will he employ it on the Rio Grande? Will ho
employ it on the interior frontiers of Texas?
Where will he employ it? Have we any reason
to believe that the President supposes there is any
exigency for such service on the Rio Grande'
None in the world. The Governor of Texas is,
to be sure, uttering complaints on this subject,
which we cannot fail to hear 
Mr. DAYIS. Wiil my fiiuod from Kentucky
allow me to make a suggestion on that point? On
the northern frontier of Texas the Indians are
making inroads, and mounted men are stationed
there to restrain them. A portion of the peace on
which we have been congratulated results from
their being so stationed, if we had this mounted
Texan regiment, they might be sent to replace the
troops on the northern frontier of Texas, and the
United States troops sent to the Rio Grande; and
I say here, that I think that would be the better
arrangement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should think so, too;
but we have not the making of these arrange-
ments, and 1 should like to know what arrange-
ment the President will make of this force; I
should like to know whether he considers it as
necessary; and if necessary, whether it is neces-
sary for the purposes you propose, or for other
purposes that he may have m contemplation. It
seems to me it is beginning at the wrong end alto-
gether for us to initiate a measure of this sort.
He is made commander, and has the control alto-
gether of the Army of the United States, and
every part of it. He orders out this regiment;
he controls it; directs its service here, or there, or
anywhere—keeps it where he pleases. What will
he do with it, if we give it to him? The gentle-
men say it is necessary to preserve the peace on
the Rio Grande; to restrain invasions of the Mex-
icans. Docs the President think so ? He is as
profoundly silent as an owl. We have heard
not a word from him, and I cannot confess that
the reason which is imagined m the speculations
of gentlemen can prevail on him; that he is silent
because a presidential election is approaching!
Sir, I cannot admit the idea that a President of
the United States would be so regardless of his
! duty as to be silent upon such a subject, when
his country is supposed to be assailed, and for
such a reason as is assigned. I want to hear from
him and from the War Department. 1 wish we
could, to some extent, take the control of the
Army much more than we have. I do not know
that the arrangement which the Constitution has
made is not the wisest; but, as thorough a civilian
as I am, and as quiet and as peaceable a man as
I am, I sometimes feel very much disposed to
take, if I could, the command of the Army, or a
part of it. I would have out of Utah, presently,
all the troops you have there; that is certain._ It
might be very unwise, very unmilitary; but if 1
could be allowed, as a civilian, to control in any
respect the Army of the United States, not one of
those soldiers should be there longer than he could
be brought away. Then we should have troops
enough for this frontier.
I humbly submit, sir, that we are proceeding
without precedent; and wo are proceeding very un-
wisely if we shall undertake to act on this subject
without hearing from the Executive. The War
Department is constructed for the very purpose of
giving us this information. ThePresident,asCom-
mander-in-Chief of the Army, must know where
defense is necessary; and if he wants means for
any particular service, he can tell us; and as long
as he is silent, we have a right, as the legislative
department of the Government, to rest safely and
securely in his discretion. If he docs not ask for
it, whose duty it is to know, whose duty it is to
ask, we have a right to infer that nothing is ne-
cessary.
This is the plain view of this subject, it seems
to me; and I am not disposed to move at all on this
subject until wc have that information,although I
should hold it very necessary in a President to act
with great prompitude upon this subject, and upon
all subjects. The honorable Senator from Maine
has told us, somewhat proudly, too, that, upon a
like occasion, his own State ordered out troops,
made war, and drove off the invaders, all of them-
selves, according to their own discretion, and with-
out taking any counsel about it with this Govern-
ment; and General Houston is invited to pursue
the same course 
Mr. WIGPALL. Will the Senator from Ken-
tucky allow me to say a word ? During the last
two years, troops have been ordered out time and
again by the executive of Texas; and we have
kept, during the last two years, I believe, from
two to three companies in the field. I am told by
my colleague, more. Three companies that I know
—"Ford's and Bolton's, and another, the name of
which I do not know. They were kept in the
field for two years. We have asked to be paid
back for them, and have received not one dollar
yet. There are now upon the northern frontier of
our State three companies lately ordered out.
Mr.HEMPHILL. Wei '  
out of §180,000.
i have received #55,000
Mr. WIGFALL. Within the last two or three
weeks the Governor of Texas has ordered out
three companies upon the northern frontier, to
defend that frontier from the Camanches, and two
companies upon the Rio Grande. We have now
five companies in the field, and three additional
companies ordered out a few days ago, making
in all eight companies now in the field, and paid
for by the State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, if the gen-
tleman had heard me a little longer, he would have
learned that I considered that it was a neglect oil
the part of the President and of the General Gov-
ernment—I will say neglect on the partof the Ad-
ministration, to allow such a necessity to fall upon
any State. Unquestionably every State must pos-
sess and exercise,upon properoecasions, the priv-
ilege of self-defense—self-preservation. No law
can deprive us, as individuals or as communities,
of that; and there may be extraordinary exigen-
cies and occasions upon which this defense may
be resorted to; but, unquestionably, the Consti-
tution intended that all matters of war should be
managed and controlled by the Government of
the United States. Why do not they do it? Are
States to be encouraged upon their own judgment
of necessities which frequently amount to noth-
ing more than great provocation, groat irritation,
to make war upon their own discretion, and upon
their discretion to call upon this Government to
pay the expenses of war? Certainly that is not
according to the scheme of our Government; and
I think a State much better performs her duty in
her situation by consulting this Government upon
every question of war where time and circum-
stanccs permit it, and suffering her own counsels
to bo overruled by the counsels of the General
Government—the counsels of the whole people,
who, if war arises, are to bear the brunt and ex-
pense of that war, and to suffer all the bloodshed.
I do not think, then, that it is a part of our policy,
or that it is according to principle, that we should
leave the States and the Governors of States to
exercise their own war-making dispositions or
tempers. The Congress of the United States has
the power of making war, and no other authority
within this Government 
