I860.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
Laws of the United States.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the Treasury not otherwiseappropriated, to Shel-
donMcKnight,forcarryingthe United States mail
from Cleveland, Ohio, and Detroit, Michigan, to
Mackinaw, SaultSte. Marie, Marquette, Copper
Harbor, Eagle Harbor, Eagle River, and Ontona-
gon, Michigan, La Pointe and Superior, Wiscon-
sin, during the years from eighteen hundred and
forty-nine to eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
inclusive, in all cases where it is shown to the
satisfaction of the Postmaster General that said
mail was carried by authority of the postmasters
or agents of the Post Office Department, and with-
out a contract with said Department, an amount
equal pertripto that now allowed by the Depart-
ment for the same service, deducting therefrom
the amount heretofore paid: Provided, That the
sum allowed by virtue of this act shall not, in any
wise, exceed forty-five thousand dollars.
Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap. CCV1II.—An Act for the Relief of Wil-
liam B. Shubrick.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, instructed
to allow to Captain William B. Shubrick, United
States Navy, in the settlement of his accounts,
the sum of fifteen hundred and fifty dollars, being
the amount paid by his order while in command
of the Pacific squadron, to H. R. de La Reintrie,
translator and interpreter in the public service.
Approved, June 23, 1860.
Chap.CCIX.—An Act forthe Relief of E.George
Squier, of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to E. George Squier, of New York, from any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of nine thousand nine hundred
and thirty-seven dollars, in full, for outfits to the
republics of Central America, and balance of
salary due him as minister of the United States
to said republics.
Approved, June 23, 1880.
Chap. CCX.—An Act for the Relief of Eli W.
Goff.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Eli W. Goff,
late inspector of customs for the district of Ver-
mont, the sum of thirty-five hundred dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
Eropnatcd, it being for expenses actually incurred
y him in his efforts faithfully to execute the rev-
enue laws of the United States.
Approved, June 24, 1860.
Chap. CCXII.—An Act for the Relief of Isaac
S. Smith, of Syracuse, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of seventeen
thousand seven hundred and forty-three dollars
and seventy-seven cents, to be paid to Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, in the State of New York,
for his work and labor bestowed, for materials
furnished, and for expenses incurred, m attempt- !
ing to build for the United States a light-house 1
on the Horse Shoe reef, in the Niagara river, near |
Fort Erie, in the province of Canada.
Ari'ROMO), June 25, I860.
Chap. CCXIII.—An Act for the Relief of Eliza-
beth Smith, of Coffee County, Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to cause to be issued
to Elizabeth Smith, the wife of Joseph 13. Smith,
of Coifee county, Tennessee, a warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, for services ren-
dered in t-lie Army of the United States, during
the war with Mexico, by her father, Colonel Arch-
ibald Yell, of Arkansas.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
Chap. CCXIY.—An Act to grant to the Parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, certain Tracts of
Land in said Parish.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the tracts of land in the parish
of Point Coupee, Louisiana, which have been in
ancient occupancy as the site of a church and
court-house, and which are designated on the
plats of the public surveys as sections twenty-
three and twenty-four, in township four south, of
range ten east, in the southeastern district, Louis-
iana, be, and the same are hereby, granted to the
said parish of Point Coupee, on the condition that
the aforesaid section twenty-four, or the church
site, shall be held by said parish for the use of
the Catholic congregation now occupying it for
public worship and as a burying-ground; but not
to the prejudice of a valid adverse right, if such
exist.
Approved, June 25, 1860.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 3.—A Resolution for the Relief of Com-
mander H. J. Harstene,of the United States
Navy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of two thousand and
eight dollars and sixty cents be allowed and paid
by the accounting officers of the Treasury to Com-
mander H. J. Harstcne, on account of extra ex-
penses incurred by him in restoring the bark
Resolute.
Approved, March 27, 1860.
No. 8.—A Resolution for the compensation of
Rev. R. R. Richards late Chaplain to the Uni-
ted States Penitentiary in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Resolved by the Spnate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of three hundred dollars
be paid to Reverend R. R. Richards, late Chap-
lain to the United States Penitentiary, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, in full for his half year's salary, ending
Juno thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
and the same is hereby appropriated.
Approved, April 19, 1860.
No. 10.—A Resolution for the Relief of the legal
representatives of John A. Frost, deceased.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the first section
of the act entitled " An act for the relief of the
forward officers of the late exploring expedition,"
approved February first, eighteen hundred and
forty-nine, shallbeconstrued to embrace the claim
of John A. Frost, who was acting boatswain of
the United States brig Porpoise in said expe-
dition, from January first eighteen hundred and
thirty-nine, to July seventh, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and that the amount found due to
him shall be paid to his legal representatives.
Approved, May 9, 18G0.
No. 11.—JointResolutionfortheReliefofThomas
C. Ware.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be paid to Thomas C.
Ware, of Cincinnati, Ohio, out of any money in
the Treasury of the United States not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of fifteen hundred dollars,
in full for services rendered by him to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, at the request of
D. O. Morton, late district attorney of the Uni-
ted States ill the case of the United States versus
Lyman Cole, and others, indicted andtried in the
circuit court of the United States for the district
of Ohio, at the October term, A. D. eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three.
Approved, May 16,
No. 13.—A Resolution for the Relief of A. M.
Pridley, late Agent for the Winnebago Indians.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in the final settlement of the ac-
counts of A. M. Fridley, late agent for the Win-
nebago Indians, the proper accounting officers be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to
credit him with the amount of judgment paid by
him on the twenty-sixth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-eight, and which was obtained
against him on the fifteenth of January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, in the United States district
court for the second district of Minnesota, in con-
sequence of his having, under positive orders of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, disregarded
an injunction obtained against him in said court
in regard to the payment of certain moneys be-
belonging to the Winnebago Indians, and which
orders said Fridley was compelled to, and did,
obey and carry out. And any balance found to
be due said Fridley, after such credit shall be
given to him, shall be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated. And
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby directed to
deduct the amount of said judgment, or so much
thereof as was paid for the benefit of the Winne-
bagoes, from the annuities due them under the
treaty of October thirteen, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, and pay the amount thus deducted into
the Treasury.
Approved, May 25, 1860.
No. 14.—A Resolution relating to the Claim of
George Fisher, late of Florida, deceased.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized and required to revise his execution of
the act of Congress entitled "An act supplemental
to an act therein mentioned," approved Decem-
ber twenty-second, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, required of him by a joint resolution of Con-
gress approved June third, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, and on said revision to consider and
give effect to all the testimony filed in said case,
including certain depositions formerly rejected by
the Second Auditor of the Treasury for the want
of authentication, but no w duly authenticated, and
to restate and settle the account heretofore stated
and settled by him under said resolution, and to
make such corrections in his said former state-
ment and settlemen t, and such further allowances,
if any, on account of said claim beyond what has
heretofore been allowed and paid, as in his opin-
ion justice to the claimant shall require.
Approved, June 1, 1860. -
No. 15.—A Resolution authorizing the Settlement
of the Accounts of John R. Bartlett, late Com-
missioner of the United States to run and mark
the Boundary Line between the United States
and Mexico, and for other Purposes.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and is hereby, authorized to adjust the accounts
of John R. Bartlett, late commissioner of the Uni-
ted States under the treaty of Guadelupe Hidalgo
to run and mark the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, upon principles just,
fair and equitable to the said Bartlett and to the
United States, and in conformity with the usage
in such cases, and that he also ascertain, or cause
to be ascertained, in making said adjustment,
whether the said Bartlett has received a credit
upon his account with the Government, and, if
so, what amount, for advances, if any, made by
Thomas W. Tansill, late quartermaster and com-
missary of the said boundary commission, to
officers and men in the employment of the same
and claimed by said Tansill to be due to him at
the time of his turning over his transfer lists of
officers and men, by order of said Bartlett to
George W. Tliurber, his successor, deducting
from the amount such sums as have been paid to
