518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 22, 1860.
36th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the said Tansill, so aa to ascertain the balance, if
any, due to him by the said Bartlett.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further resolved,Thatupon the :
adjustment of the accounts of the said Bartlett as
aforesaid, the;amount, if any, ascertained to be i
due him shall be paid to him out of any money '
in theTreasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro- j
tided, It shall appear that he has first paid and "i
satisfied any amount that shall be ascertained, as ,i
aforesaid, to be due by him to the said Thomas ■[
W. Tansill. !l
Approved, June 7, 1860.
dred and thirty, in the sum of ten thousand
dollars, conditioned for the payment of five thou-
sand dollars in several installments as therein
provided.
Approved, June 9,1860.
No. 16.—JointResolution for the Relief of Henry I
Woods.
Resolved by the Senate and I in use of Represent- '
olives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to re-
open the account of Henry Woods, late superin- :
tendent of the construction of the custom-house,
court-house, post office, and so forth, at Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, and to settle the same in !
accordance with the provisions of the act of eigh- 1
teenth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, :
entitled "An act making appropriations for cer- i
tain civil expenses of the Government for the year !
ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and fifty- '
seven." '
Approved, June 9, 1860. !
No. 17.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of John !
T. Robertson, of Virginia. I
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent- \
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That John T. Robertson, of the State i
of Virginia, be, and he is hereby, released from .
any further or existing liability to the United !
States, upon his bond executed to the United j
States, of date twenty-sixth July, eighteen hun- I
No. 21.—A Resolution to correct a clerical error
in the Act approved May four, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, " for the Relief of Stewart Mc-
Gowan."
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the clerical error in the act for
the relief of Stewart McGowan, approved May
four, eighteen hundred and sixty, be, and the
same is hereby, corrected by inserting therein
the name of Stewart W. Megcnvan in place of the
name of Stewart McGowan.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
No. 22.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Wil-
liam H. De Groot.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That, in further execution of the joint
resolution of the third of March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, relative to the settlement of
damages, losses, and liabilities incurred by certain
parties interested in the contract for furnishing
brick for the Washington aqueduct, the Secretary
ofWar be, and he hereby is, directed and required
to settle the account of William H. De Groot on
principles of justice and equity, allowing to the
said De Groot the amount of money actually ex-
pended by him in and about the execution of the
said contract; and also to indemnify him for such
losses, liabilities, and damages as, by virtue of
Mie said joint resolution, he was entitled to receive;
the amount so found to be due to the said De
Groot to be paid to lum out of the fund named in
said joint resolution, or, if that has been diverted
to other purposes, out of any money in theTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, how-
ever, That there shall be deducted from the losses,
liabilities, and damages found due to him, the
amount paid to him by the Government.
Approved, June 15, 1860.
No. 23.—A Resolution for the Relief of Arthur
Edwards and his Associates.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
lie hereby is, authorized to examine and adjust
the claim of Arthur Edwards and his associates,
for carrying the through mails on their boats be-
tween Cleveland and Detroit, Sandusky and De-
troit, and Toledo and Detroit, during the years
eighteen hundred and forty-nine and eighteen
hundredandfifty-three,and theintervening years;
and to pay to the said Arthur Edwards and his
associates such sum of money as shall be found
to be justly and equitably due to them for carry-
ingthe mails as aforesaid, and the sum thus found
due shall be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
No. 24.—A Resolution for the restoration of
Lieutenant Augustus S. Baldwin to the active
list, from the leave-of-absence list of the Navy
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be authorized to nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint Lieu-
tenant Augustus S. Baldwin, first lieutenant and
executive officer of the flag-ship Lancaster, to the
active list of the Navy.
Approved, June 22, 1860.
