940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March L,
Mr. WIGFALL. I understood the Senator first
to object to Texas because she did not order out
troops as they did in Maine.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman misun-
derstood me, that is all: and I told him when he
sat down, that if he had waited a little longer, he
would have found that the drift of my remarks
was different, perhaps, from what he supposed.
Mr. WIGFALL. I certainly understood the
Senator from Kentucky to speah in commenda-
tion of the course that had been pursued by the
State of Maine.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No.
Mr. WIGFALL. Well, I misunderstood you
entirely, and beg your pardon. It was an entire
misapprehension.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I say, sir, that forbear-
ance on this subject is the better policy on the part
of the States; and promptitude on the part of the
President of the United States is demanded by his
great duty as the head of the nation and the com-
mander of the Army of the United States. How
do we know now? We are in haste to order out
the regiment upon our discretion, upon our own
limited knowledge. How do I know but that the
President now, sensible of the necessity of de-
fense upon that frontier, has upon the march,
under his order, troops adequate to the occasion ?
Who can tell me that he has not? Who is au-
thorized to toll me that he has not? When the
President is here to speak for himself, and to com-
municate with Congress upon this and all other
subjects of interest to the United States, it is his
duty to do so; and I trust he will do so, and that
promptly, if there is any necessity in this case.
If there is the overruling necessity which is
spoken of, and this Government should fail to do
its duty, unquestionably I would not that Texas
should forbear one particle of her strength, nor
one particle of her courage, for the defense ofher
own territory; but I want to know that that is
necessary; I want to know that the President has
not already, by the means which he has, provided
for it; I want to know whether he considers any
oth®- means necessary, and I suppose if he does
consider them necessary, lie will ask for them.
That is the ordinary way; and 1 think we had
better pursue that course on this occasion.
There is nobody, 1 am sure, that would sym-
pathize with Toxas,if any outrage were committed
upon her, more decidedly and more clearly than I
would. None would more desire to see her de-
fended in a proper case I would vote almost
anything that the President thinks necessary for
the purpose, whose first business it is to defend
her, and to do it fully and properly. But I want
to proceed understandingly. I want to go accord-
ing to the ancient understanding and custom; I
want to go super antiquas vias; I want to travel
on thegreat highway ofourpolicy, all the depart-
ments concurring, each doing its proper duty, in a
business of this sort. It is to submit these remarks
that I have troubled the Senate on this occasion.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think if the
honorable Senator from Kentucky will look back
to the last Congress, he will find that the Presi-
dent has not been quite so tardy in the discharge
of the proper functions of his office, as the remarks
of the honorable Senator would seem to indicate.
I do not mean to prolong the debate, but only to
put this question where I think it should stand,
as between the legislative and the executive de-
partments. During the last Congress, on the rec-
ommendation of the Secretary of War, and for
reasons shown in his report, the President advised
that an increase should be made to the Army by
three or four regiments; and the reason assigned,
according to my recollection, was that they were
wanted m Utah, to protect the emigrant trains,
and also to protect the frontiers of Texas. It re-
sulted that Congress did not, for reasons that I do
not mean to question, adopt his recommendation;
they did not increase the Army in the way that he
proposed, but they passed a law, which I hold in
my hand, authorizing him to muster into the ser-
vice of the United States three regiments of vol-
unteers; two, as expressed in the law, to be used
in Utah for the protection of emigrant trains, and
one to be raised in Texas, to be used there for the
protection of the frontier. They did authorize the
increase of the Army, in the mode provided for
in the law, not in conformity, however, to the
Executive recommendation; but they made no
appropriation for these new regiments.
Now, I happen to know, unofficially, that it was
strongly urged upon the President by those who
wanted, in Texas and elsewhere, that these regi-
ments should be raised, that he should carry the
law into execution; and the President replied, as
lie was bound to reply, in my judgment, " I can-
not do it; for, although Congress have authorized
it to be done, they have disabled me from doing
it by not making the appropriation;" so that when
the honorable Senator says that this does not
come with the recommendation of the Executive,
I think he does even the present Executive (be-
cause it was under his administration it was done)
not entirely strict justice. What are the facts ?
The regiments were not mustered into service,
because there was no money to pay them. I know
that it was only on the night before last that this
urgent information came from the Governor of
Texas. As I have said, I read it; and I agree with
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, there is
sufficient in the document sent here by the Gov-
ernor of Texas to show that ho will—not in any
defiance of the Executive power; not from any
ill-feeling towards the Executive; but in the dis-
charge of his obligations to his State—muster men
upon the account of Texas, and send them to that
frontier; and it is the prevalent opinion, shown
in the document accompanying that communica-
tion from the Governor of Texas, that the only 1
effective way to doit, in the judgment of the peo- !
pie of Texas, or, I should rather say, in the judg-
ment of those who have reported the condition of
things to the Executive of Texas, is to take pos-
session of Mexico. That is shadowed forth in
all these documents; and I should have very little
doubt that, if wo do not authorize the President
to send a force there, the Governor of Texas will
send a force of Texans, and they will take pos-
session of the northern provinces of Mexico; and
where shall we stand then? They will answer,
" We had nothing to do but to remain subject to
these depredations on the frontier, or to take care
of ourselves, remitted to our own discretion and
to our own power; and we have done it in what
we consider an efficient way." Where will the
Government of the United States stand? The
Government must then do one of two things: it
must either go to war with Texas to release Mex-
ico, or go to war with Mexico to protect Texas.
There will be no alternative.
Now, all that is proposed hero is to do what the
last Congress failed to do—to appropriate money
to raise one of those regiments for the very service
indicated in that law. The honorable Senator
says the President has not recommended it. I do
not know why the President has not recommended'
it; but 1 can very well understand the reason.
What recommendation may follow the response
to my call, I do not know; or whether any will
follow it, I am notinformed; but I can very well
understand that the President having asked for
this additional military force, which was granted
on terms that disabled him from using it, might
think, and very properly think, " Congress may
deem me unduly importunate, as stepping beyond
my proper sphere, if I press them on a subject
on which they have already acted. Raising'the
regiments and not giving me the money, is an in-
timation to me that when they think the time has
come they will give the money." I should think
it would bear that construction,and perhaps prop-
erly bear it; but certainly all that is asked now
is to appropriate for one of the regiments already
authorized by law to be raised, and to continue it
in service for eighteen months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr, BROWN. I think the half hour for which
I agreed to postpone the special order has expired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hamlin
in the chair.) The special order must bo taken
up now, if it is insisted on. It is the understand-
ing of the Chair that the objection of the Senator
from Mississippi will call up again the special
order, it having been passed over only informally.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I suppose we had bet-
ter go through with this subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to know
whether the debate goes on, or stops. It is a mat-
ter of perfect indifference to me. 1 should like to
say a few words in reply to the Senator frpm Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to Senators that if
they desire to discuss this question for a short
time longer, I shall not object. I shall not think
of speaking at most more than an hour and a half,
perhaps not so much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
waiving for the Senator. It is indifferent to me
whether I proceed now on this subject or not.
Mr. MASON. I think it is due to the Senator
from Mississippi to call up the special order.
Mr. BROWN. I do not feel very well, and I
am willing to let this debate go on for half an hour
longer. Perhaps this bill can be disposed of in
that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the posi-
tions taken by the Senator from Virginia seem to
me to be somewhat singular. He admits that there
is very important information in the possession of
the President of the United States, at the present
time,with regard to this affair, recently received—
communications from the Governor of Texas, with
reference to these difficulties on the border; and
yet, notwithstanding that, and notwithstanding
that, being in the receipt of it, the President has
sent no sort of communication to us on the sub-
ject, he infers that the President is influenced to
do so by the fact that, two years ago, under a dif-
ferent state of circumstances, he requested Con-
gress to give him an increase of four regiments to
the Army, and Congress declined. He now infers
that the President's sense of the dignity of his
station is so much affected by the fact that Con-
gress declined to raise the Army by four regiments
on his recommendation, two 'years ago, that al-
though the country is in danger at the present,mo-
ment, and actually invaded, the President does
not think it worth while to make any further com-
munication to Congress, but prefers to let them
find it out as they please.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Maine may,
if he pleases, state my proposition as he thinks
proper to state it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I state it as I understandit.
Mr. MASON. But I certainly did not state it
so myself. I said this: the President, at the last
session, asked for an increase of the Army, and
Congress refused it; but ill lieu, they authorized
three regiments of volunteers to be mustered into
the service for special purposes, and prescribed
where they should be used and where they should
be raised—two in Utah and one in Texas—but
made no appropriation. At this session he has
asked for no appropriation for the purpose; but
I happen to know, because I went there to get
the information, that the night before last inform-
ation reached the Executive, which satisfied me
that the Texan Senators were right in asking for
an appropiiation now. Whether the President
intends to communicate it, I do not know; but if
he does, he has not had the time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no desire to do
the Senatorfrom Virginiaany injustice; but I cer-
tainly understood him to argue that the President
might probably think that, inasmuch as we did
not pay any attention substantially to his recom-
mendation at the last Congress, therefore it was
not worth his while to renew the recommendation
at the present time. It is a very singular state of
things, if the President can assume that he is to
make no communication to Congress at the dis-
tance of two years from a previous one, how-
ever the state of the country may change. That
is not keeping a very watchful eve over the
country.
But, sir, the Senator from Virginia is totally in
error as to the history of this matter. The Pres-
ident recommended an increase of the Army by
the addition of four regiments of regulars. He
made the supposed war with Utah the pretext for
that recommendation, not any supposed difficul-
ties upon the borders of Texas particularly; and
through the wholu of the debate which ensued,
that recommendation was not even adopted by
the Committee on Military Aff.iirs. They rec-
ommended an increase of the rank and file of the
existing regiments. That was not satisfactory to
the Administration. The truth was, they wanted
to appoint the officers more than they wanted the
soldiers at that time; and it was perfectly under-
stood. The question, as it was aigued here, was
a question arising out of the necessities of the sup-
posed war with Utah, and nothing else; and the
Senator must recollect the discussion that took
place at that period. Those regiments were not
raised. They were not authorized. The increase
of the rank and file proposed by the Committer
on Military Affairs was not authorized. But, in-
