1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
stead of that, after a long debate upon the subject,
in consequence of the pressure and urgency of the
statements made by the Executive upon the sub-
ject, and repeated here, Congress did authorize,
not for any special purpose, but for general pur-
poses, the President to call into active service two
regiments of volunteers; and, at the suggestion
and by the recommendation and urgency of one
of the Senators from Texas, (Mr. Houston,) a
regiment of mounted volunteers for the protection
of that border was also authorized to be raised.
Before anything was done in regard to those
regiments, as I stated before, news was received
that the difficulties with Utah were adjusted; and
then the President, if I remember right—it is sug-
gested to me by the honorable Senator from Ohio
—sent a communication to this body saying there
was no further necessity for calling out the regi-
ments that had been thus authorized; and, in con-
sequence, Congress made no appropriation for
them. He asked for none; the communication
was to a different effect entirely; and, consequent-
ly, things remained as they were.
Two years have elapsed since that time. No
movement has been made, either by the President
or by the Secretary of War, or by anybody, until
this movement by the Senators from Texas, to-
wards callingouteither of those regiments. Those
Senators come in here withoutany authority from
the Department, from thecxecutivearm ofthe Gov-
ernment, from the head of the Government, from
the head of the Army, from that branch of the
Government intrusted with the defense of the
whole country; and we are invited,not only by
them, but'even by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and the honorable Senator
from Virginia, to act on a subject of this import-
ance, to make this appropriation without any
recommendation from and any responsibility
upon the Executive at all, simply because the
newspapers state that these difficulties exist, and
the Senators from Texas state that they are satis-
fied they exist. Sir, when was it known in the
history of this country, or in the history of any
country, that appropriations were made for in-
creasing an army or calling regiments into actjve
service and putting them into the field, without
havingone single suggestion of the necessity of so
doing from the head of the Army, or the Depart-
ment which has the control of it, and withoutany
official information at all on the subject?
Sir, is there no information in the Department
on this subject ? Has the President no informa-
tion on this subject ? During all the period that
there have been these difficulties on the borders of
Texas, I should like to know whether any com-
munications have been made to the Government.
Have they anything at all? If they have, why
not communicate it to us ? What is the inference '
That they think it is of no importance. If the
Senators from Texas think they have important
information, why not long before this have called
foi it ? Sir, the very fact that they have commu-
nicated nothing, when they must be presumed to
be informed, when the Secretary of War must
know what the state of the Army is—all these
things go to show that the Executive Government
of the country is satisfied that there is no occasion
for making this additional appropriation, and call-
ing out this regiment. Why should we put at
defiance the whole course of the Government on
all matters of this description, from its foundation
down to this day, and take a matter like this into
our own hands, on mere newspaper rumors, and
statements made herein the Senate on the respons-
ibility of gentlemen, with regard to their advices ?
No matter of Government is ever conducted in
that way. I cannot find it consistent with my
duty to agree, for a single instant, to yield to any
•such supposed pressure, under the argument that
the Senator from Virginia has been to the Depart-
ment and has seen communications which satisfy
him of the necessity of this measure. Sir, I want
to be satisfied, not by the statement of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, or the statement even of the
Senators from Texas, on whose statements I have
as much reliance as on the statements of any gen-
tlemen; but that is not enough for me: I must
have an official communication; I must have proof
in the proper form. I must have it from tiiose
whom I have a right to hold responsible, and not
have it thrown on me on what may be denomin-
ated afterwards as such statements as I had no
right to act upon m a matter of this consequence.
Now, sir, let us look for a moment at the argu-
ments that gentlemen adduce. They are very
singular. One of the Senators from Texas states
that the reason why we have not the necessary
information from the Executive is, that a presi-
dential election is approaching. Very well, sir.
Everybody knows that the present President has
no sort of interest in that election at all. Nobody
pretends that he has. He must be acting, there-
fore, for the benefit of the Democratic party gen-
erally, not his own. If he is, let the Democratic
party take the responsibility; do not attempt to
throw any part of it on us; do not appeal to this
side of the Chamber to aid you m a difficulty of
that kind. I want information; you have no right
to withhold it because you are in trouble as a
party, and because you do not like to place this
responsibility where it properly belongs. That
is a singular kind of ctrgument if the fact is so;
and I am verjr much inclined to think the Senator
is right about it—that he has spoken from impulse,
perhaps, but spoken the exact truth in reference
to the matter, to a certain extent.
But, sir, I am suspicious on another account.
Why were the troops, as I understand they were,
withdrawn from the borders of Texas, to a large
degree, a year ago? Why have they not been
sent there, up to this period, in large numbers'
Why have not these difficulties been quelled? It
has been in the power of the Government to quell
them. Why is that border left open at this mo-
ment? Why, unless to effect what some gentle-
men seem to fear, and that is, a serious collision
there, that may lead to precisely what we suppose
the Government wishes to accomplish in another
direction. I have been suspicious of this matter
all along. It has been a gross neglect of duty, in
my judgment, and it should be attended to.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi supposes that there would be very great
danger in leaving this matter in the hands of Texas,
and his argument is a singular one. There was
no particular danger at all of getting into a war
with any foreign Power when Maine undertook
to protect herself, her interests, her property, and
her citizens. The Senator from Mississippi sup-
poses, however, that if the people of Texas un-
dertake it, they will not be satisfied with protect-
ing their own border, but will involve us in a
war with Mexico, and take absolute possession
of that country, and we shall have it all upon us.
If such is the character ofthe population of Texas,
if that is the danger, the inference that I draw is
that these difficulties on the border ofTexas have
been fomented by the people ofTexas for a pur-
pose, and not that they arose accidentally in the
manner that is supposed. Sir, I take it for granted
that if the Governor of Texas should find it neces-
sary to call out the people ofTexas to any extent
for the purpose of protecting that border, he will
content himself with doing that which he will
have a right to do, and which it is his duty to do,
and that we shall not be exposed to the danger
that is supposed by the Senator from Mississippi;
but if it were even so, it does not justify us m
walking away from the straight and plain line of
duty. I ask the Senator from Mississippi as a
principle—for he is not only a Senator, but has
been at the head of the War Department, a mem-
ber of the executive branch of this Government—
what would he have thought when he was at the
head of the War Department, if Congress, with-
out his recommendation or advice, without the
recommendation of the commander-in-chief of
the Army, should undertake to put troops into
the field, or at any rate, to raise money for that
purpose, when it was not asked for, and when
communications were lying on his desk, and were
in the hands of the President, giving the whole
history of the matter, and showing the existence
of the necessity, if there was any?
Mr. DAVIS. I will admit very readily, in an-
swer to the inquiry of the Senator from Maine,
that the proceeding is irregular, and that if I were
Secretary of War, in the supposed case which he
puts, I would prefer that the Congress should
make the appropriation on my recommendation.
I intended to cover that in the few remarks which
I submitted to the Senate, because I think we have
something to do with the question, as well as the
executive Department. I have been mortified be- j
yond measure that the Mexicans have invaded j
the soil of the United States. We have been ac- j
customed to speak of the manifest destiny which I
proclaimed that the Anglo-Saxon should rule the
continent; and when that mixed race has been
able to invade a State of this Union, to lay its
people under contribution, to take possession of
its towns, I ask, is there a Senator who does not
respond to the demand—go and repel them?
Mr. FESSENDEN. And I ask the Senator,
then, under such circumstances, if that was the
state of facts and he was Secretary of War, woutd
not Congress very soon hear from him on the
subject?
Mr. DAVIS. It is likely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; then what is
the inference? The necessary inference, from all
that the Senator says, is what I am charging, and
that is, that this Government has grossly neglect-
ed its duty. It is the Senator's inference, and not
mine; not that he draws it, but that lie furnishes
me with material from which I am compelled to
draw it. There we stand, then; the President of
the United States, according to the opinions of
Senators on the other side of the Chamber, silent
when heshouldspeak;in the possession ofinform-
jition which he docs not communicate; war upon
our border; an invasion from this miserable, dis-
organized people of Mexico; our people butch-
ered, if you please; their fields laid waste; the coun-
try desolate; all these facts in the possession of
the President of the United States; all these facts
in the possession of the Secretary of War at the
present time—that is assumed—an army at their
command, and no account given to us, or to the
country, of anything that they know. We are
only aware of the fact that they do nothing but
keep silent, and yet what are we asked to do? Sen-
ators come in here upon their own responsibility
and say they believe the facts to be so, and they
call upon us, without these recommendations, to
make ail appropriation for an increase of the Army
in the face of the Executive andofthe Executive s
Minister of War, simply for the reason that a
presidential election is pending.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to show the Sen-
ator that his inference does injustice to the Sec-
retary of War in this: the Secretary of War has
sent to Congress through the President, the only
channel of communication he has, information
that
" The condition of tilings along the whole extent of our
Mexican boundaiy—'nme sixteen hundred miles in length
—demands Imperatively that Congress should adopt a policy
winch shall give peace and security to our citizens, and
render punishment lor crimes committed upon them by
.Mexican banditti, and savages residing witlnn Mexican
temtory, prompt and certain."
I do not say that the Secretary has made this
exact recommendation.
Mr. FESSENDEN.^ The Secretary there
speaks of savages, I believe?
Mr. DAVIS. He says:
" The condition of things along the whole extent of our
Mexican boundary—some sixteen hundred miles in length
—demands imperatively that Congress should adopt a policy
which shall give peace and security to our citizens, and
lender punishment for crimes committed upon them hy
Mexican banditti, and savages residing witiun Mexican
territory, prompt and certain."
Mr. FESSENDEN. And yet he asks for no
action; the President asks for no action. He
makes this suggestion to the President; the Pres-
ident is silent. He recommends no raising of a
regiment of mounted volunteers. He recommends
110 use of the Army. The President recommends
nothing—all are silent. How can Senators on the
other side of the Chamber, if these facts exist,
defend, or pretend to defend, the Administration
for its gross inaction on this subject? I have not
heard them do it, and I do not think they will
undertake to do it; but so far as I am concerned,
I wish that we should keep ourselves in the right
position. Let the Senators from Texas call for
the information in the possession of the President
and the Departments on this subject; let us know
exactly what the state of the facts is, aaid let us
know the opinions of the Executive upon the facts.
When we lenow them, then, with pleasure, I will
send them to the committee over which the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi presides. He
evensays that he has called for them substantially;
he has called for information on this subject. A
bill having been referred to that committee, it has
sent to the Departments for information, and that
information has not been given. What is the in-
ference? That they have none? That is not pre-
tended Why are they silent? Sir, can we act
