1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that this
amendment has never been before any commit-
tee. It is offered by an individual Senator. It
is a very important matter, and 1 think it ought
to be considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs, and we ought to hare their indorsement
before we vote upon it. I move to refer the bill,
with this amendment, to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will not pro-
pose to refer the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot refer the amend-
ment without the bill. I do not wish to refer the
bill, and if the rules would allow a motion to refer
the amendment simply to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affaiis, it would be all 1 desire. The rules,
however, as I understand, would not permit such
a motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no particular
pressing necessity about the bill. The bill itself
is for the next fiscal year. There is no particular
hurry for passing it. Nta appropriations in it can
take effect until the 1st of July next.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not desire to waste the
time of the Senate; but I am satisfied myself, and
I trust before I have ended other Senators will be
satisfied, that this is one of the cases of pressing
necessity that admit of no delay. It is true that
the bill itself, to which this is offered as an amend-
mcnt, may as well pass next week as this, and
possibly next month; but there is an actual war
now raging on the. frontier of Texas, both on the
north and on the west. I have already stated
that upon the entire frontier of the Rio Grande,
there are but one hundred and forty-nine cavalry
now stationed. I have stated previously my rea-
sons for supposing that an irregular force mus-
tered into the service under the control of the Fed-
eral Government, and subject to the articles of
war, will be more efficient than even cavalry of
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very thing I
want the opinion of the Committee on Military
Affairs upon. I think this is too important a
measure to be passed upon the statement of a
single Senator, although I have very great respect
for the Senator from Texas, and he will not un-
derstand me m any other way; yet we have com-
mittees organized for this very purpose. This is
an important measure. It will not delay it ma-
terially to refer it. The Committee on Military
Affairs doubtless will act promptly upon it, and
if they report in favor of this amendment, it will
come here indorsed by them, and present to my
view a different ayiect from what it does now.
Mr. WIGFALL. I feel at a loss what course
to pursue. I know individually the necessity of
passing this appropriation immediately; I have
the most incontestable evidence of its necessity. I
know that the most incontestable evidence is in
the War Department, and that it has been accu-
mulating for the last three or four months; but
Senators upon the other side not doubting these
facts, as facts, do not like the manner in which
they are proved. They have no doubt it is all
true; but they do not like the manner in which it
is proved. TJhey object, furthermore, that if we
now pass this amendment and make an appropri-
ation,the responsibility will notrest on the shoul-
ders of the Administration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? If all that information
is in the War Department, and has been for
months, what is the natuial inference ? Is it not
that the Government did not think the evidence
warranted the appropriation ? Is not that the nat-
ural inference ?
Mr. WIGrFALL. I will answer. It is not for
me to explain privately what the Administration
thinks or docs; but I am willing to admit that the
Administration does not think so, and then give
the Senator the full benefit of the presumption.
To this body belongs the war-making power 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then, the Senator would
have us act in this way on this important matter:
he would have us appropriate §1,000,000, without
knowing what the evidence is, upon his opinion
of it, contrary to the opinion of the Chief Magis-
trate of the United States, on the same evidence.
Mr. WIGFALL. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; that is the
natural inference.
Mr. WIGFALL. There are some matters that
are known. It is known that the sun shines; none
of us see it. It is known that there is a war now
raging on that border. It is as well known as the
I Senator knows that there is such a city as New
Orleans, though he probably was never there. He
has seen that in the newspapers. He knows that
a man by the name of Cortinas has crossed the
border, and is continuing to cross it. Itis known
that he. is aided and abetted by Mexicans from
the other side. Two companies, one from Mon-
terey, and the other from the seat of government
—I have forgotten the town—of Tamaulipas, are
with him. This war has been going on. I have,
from the War Department, a report, received this
morning, that there'are but one hundred and forty-
nine cavalry on that entire border.
The Senator from Maine knows that the Ad-
ministration, with these facts before it, has de-
clined to send in a message, and will not. If a
border war were going on now in Maine, and men
were being murdered, habitations were, being de-
stroyed, women were being outraged, and the
head of the Federal Government chose not to in-
form this body of those facts, whilst the news-
papers were full of them from one end of the Union
to the other, and whilst he had the information in
the most incontestable shape before him, if the
Administration, under such circumstances, did not
inform Congress, I ask him if he would think it
precisely in accordance with patriotism if I were
to refuse to vote for affording protection bccause
the Administration belonged to the other party,
and 1 wanted to force upon the shoulders of the
Administration the responsibility of doing the
thing, or produce dissension in the party?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Sena-
tor's question. I should say that, if I came here
making those statements, and they were even in
the newspapers, and the Senator himself was aware
that all the information on the subject was in the
hands of the Picsident, and ho refused to recom-
mend an appropriation, 1 should not expect him
to take my word in opposition to that of the Chief
Magistrate as to the necessity of the case.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then,"if it should ever so
happen that there should be an inefficient Admin-
istration in this Government, and during four
years that Administration were to neglect the pub-
lic duties that by law devolved upon it, and the
interests of the country were suffering not only
in the present but in the future, I understand the
Senator from Maine to take the ground that he
would remain perfectly quiet; and that Congress
is to be bound hand and foot, and take no action,
if the other departments are derelict in their duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. WIGFALL. That is the legitimate con-
clusion from the argument of the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator may draw
such conclusions as may suit him. I only say
that is not my view.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then,Mr. President, these
facts have been brought to the knowledge of the
Senate. If Senators believe there is no border
war; if they be'ieve the Army is sufficient; if they
believe that Army lias been ordered there; if they
believe there is no necessity fordoingthis, letthem
vote "no;" but if, on the contrary, they believe
that this necessity is there existing; that there is
a necessity for this regiment; and if they believe
that the President, for any reason whatever, has
failed to give this information, but that upon the
appropriation being made the regiment will be or-
dered into the field with as many companies as
may be necessary, and that the people of that bor-
der will be protected, and that this Government
will probably be relieved in the future of being
involved in a foreign war with an entire nation,
that may lead to conscquencus most disastrous;
then, I say, as it occurs to me, they may vote for
the amendment. All I ask is, that a vote may be
taken and the question disposed of.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr.President,Idonotpro-
pose to repeat any of the suggestions which have
been made here on different sides of this question;
but it seems to me that if the Executive of this
Government, whose duty it is, with the means
which he possesses, upon proper demand to pro-
tect the country from invasion, will not do it, and
does not do it, we cannot help it; it is not in our
power to avoid it. If the President thinks there
is no such invasion as requires to be resisted, of
course he will take no measures. If he is in want
of troops, and wishes to resist an invasion, he can
ask for them, and we will grant them, upon his
showing the necessity.. But if the President will .
not ask for more troops, and will not use what he
has, perhaps because he thinks it unnecessary, tha
thing will not be at all altered by our passing this
law. We may make an appropriation to authorize
him to call out this force; but it will be still left en-
tirely to him to say whether he will call it out or
not.
Mr. WIGFALL- Precisely. Leave it there.
I am willing to leave ,it there,
Mr. COLLAMER. That does not alter the
thing intheleast. Itisleft to the Executive power
and inclination. It is so before this statute, and it
will be so after this statute. Hence, I say, that
I will do nothing of this kind, if he does not want
it, and does not ask for it; and it will do no good
if he does not feel inclined to use it.
Mr. GWIN. I do not wish to interpose any
obstacle to the reference of this bill to the Mili-
tary Committee, if it will expedite the passage of
the bill or the action of the Senate on this amend-
ment. I do not understand from the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs that it is de-
sirable to send this amendment to that committee.
I think we had better vote on it and pass the bill
during the day. We have special order after spe-
cial order during the next week. To-morrow and
the next day are set apart for private business;
and I think we had better take a vote on this
amendment now, and see whether it is to be at-
tached to this bill; and then, if it is the judgment
of the Senate that it should go to the Military
Committee, after the amendment is placed on the
bill, and the chairman of the committee indicates
that some amendments may be added to it by that
committee, I shall have no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely say that I saw no
necessity for a reference to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, because that committee have the sub-
ject now under consideration. A bill for the same
purpose was introduced into the Senate, was re-
ferred to that committee, and is now before that
committee, the committee having called on the
War Department for information, and not yet hav-
ing received a reply. Therefore it would merely
be to add to the matter upon the table of the com-
mittee the same substance in another form.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall have a vote en
the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Illinois to refer the
bill and amendment to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 31; as follows:
YF.AS—Mrsflrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cullainer, Crittenden, Dixon. Doohttle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, i'iamlin, Uailan, iverson,
King, Simmons, Ten Kyck, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Biag*, Bright, Chesnut, Clay,
Clingnidn, D.ivi*., Pou^'la-i.Filch, Fitzpatnek,Green,Gwifl,
Hammond, [!ann, Hemphill, Johnson of Atkrin-us ,!n!m-
sonoi'Tennessee, Lane, Matlory, Mason, Nicholson, Polk,
Powell, Push, Kice, Sauisbury, Sebastian, Seward, Siidell,
Wigfal!, and Yulec—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like, to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, as 1 understood him to state that this same
subject of raising a regiment for the defense of the
frontiers of Texas was under their consideration,
when that committee will probably report upon
the subject?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the Senator, that
the question of raising the regiment of mounted
volunteers in Texas was decided last year, and a
law enacted authorizing it. The only remaining
question is, whether Congress will appropriate the
money to sustain the regiment, if raised ? That
question was before the Committee on Military
Affairs, and of course involved the question of the
propriety or necessity for raising the regiment. It
was referred to the War Department, and we have
not yet received an answer. I should think it
would not take more than one day after the an-
swer is received to enable the committee to report.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As the question of the
propriety of the appropriation of this money for
that purpose is pending before the Military Com-
mittee, I think the Senate cannot act advisedly
