APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
Appropriations, New Offices, &c.
36tii Cong.... 1st SeSs.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the Chickasaw Indians interest on one
hundred thousand dollars, part of their na-
tional fund which was paid into the Treasury
in January, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
on account of the redemption of that amount
of die State stock of Ohio previously held by
that Department in trust for that fund $21,000 00
For the purpose of paying existing liabilities, and
to finish the maps and calculations of the sur-
vey of the Atiato route of the interoeeanic
canal   6,500 00
For fitting up the rooms in the center building
of the Capitol, formerly occupied by the Sen-
ate Committees on Naval, Military, and In-
dian Allaire, for the use of the Court of Claims,
under the superintendence of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings  3,000 00
To pay the publishers of the American State
Papers, ordered to be printed by the act of
June twelve, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
at the rate per volume paid for printing the
first series of the said work less fifteen per
centum, as the same may be delivered to the
Secretary of the Interior, and on his certificate
of delivery .340,000 00
To settle and adjust the accounts of the con-
tractor for the erection of the United States
custom-house and post office at San Fran-
cisco, California, and to pay to said contractor
the amount that may be found to be justly due
to him under the contracts made between said
contractor and the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment tor erecting said building, and also
such sum as may be found due for furnishing
the same    [Indefinite.]
$5,033,820 94
By the act making further appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
For transportation of the mails, (inland)....$7,694,010 00
For compensation to postmasters 1,276,000 00
For clerks in the offices of postmasters.   475,000 00
For ship, steamboat, and way letters  20,000 00
For office funntuie in the post-offices  4,000 00
For advertising    70,000 00
For mail bags and to pay to the contractors for
furnishing leather mail pouches, wrapping and
printing paper,mail locks and keys,and stamps,
interest, at the late of six per cent., on all sums
heretofore due said contractors, and which
remained unpaid for want of funds, from the
time said sums were due to the day when the
principal sums were in fact paid  27,500 00
For blanks      54,000 00
For wrapping paper.  26,000 00
For maii locks, keys, and stamps  7,500 00
For mail depredations and special agents  37,500 00
For miscellaneous payments 200,000 00
For postage stamps and stamped envelopes  50,000 00
For payments of balances due to foreign coun-
tries. 300,000 00
For payments to letter carriers 187,037 00
To supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post
Office Department for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty..3,126,324 00
To pay E. K. Collins and his associates the
remaining balance found due them upon their
contract for transporting the United States
mail between New York and Liverpool  80,282 72
$13,635,353 72
By the joint resolution making an appropriation
for inaugurating the equestrian statue of Wash-
ington.
Transporting and placing Mills's statue of Washington on
the pedestal designated by the proper authorities, and in
the ceremonies appropriate to the occasion. .§10,000 00
By the joint resolution for the relief of the eon-
tractors of the Post Office Department.
For carrying the mails, and of route agents, during the
quarter ending thirty-first March, eighteen hundred and
sixty, under the provisions of the act of July second,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six [Indefinite.]
By the resolution in regard to the ministers from
Japan.
To defrav the expenses of the envoys and suite constituting
tlie Japanese embassy, expected to arrive in the United
State1?. To be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State     • • • •$50,000 00
Ry the resolution for the relief of A. M. Fridley,
late agent for the Winnebago Indians.
Tin* amount of judgment paid by him on the twenty-sixth
of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and which
was obtained against him on tiic fifteenth of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, in the United States dis-
trict court for the second distiict of Minnesota, in con-
sequence of his having, under positive orders of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, disregarded an injunc-
tion obtained against him in said eomt in regard to the
payment of certain moneys belonging to the Winnebago
Indians, and which orders said FridJey was compelled
to, and did. obey and carry out [Indefinite.]
By the resolution for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates.
For carrying the through mails on tbeir boats between
Cleveland and Detroit, Sandusky and Detroit, and Toledo
and Detroit, during the years eighteen hundred and forty-
nine and eighteen hundred and fifty-three, and the inter-
vening years  ..[Indefinite.]
By the resolution authorizing the settlement of
the accounts of John R. Bartlett, late commis-
sioner of the United States to run and mark the
boundary line between'the United States and
Mexico, and for other purposes.
To adjust the accounts of John It. Bartlett, late commis-
sioner of tlie United States under the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo to run and mark the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, upon principles just, fair,
and equitable to the said Bartlett and to the United States,
and in conformity with the usage in such cases, and to
ascertain, or capse to be ascertained, in making said ad-
justment, whether the said Bartlett has received a credit
upon his account with the Government, and, if so, what
amount, for advances, if any, made by Thomas W. Tan-
sill, late quartermaster and commissary of the said bound-
ary commission, to officers and men in the employment
of the same, and claimed by said Tansill to be due to him
at the time of his turning over his transfer lists of officers
and men, by order of said Bartlett, to George W. Thur-
ber, his successor, deducting from the amount sucli sums
as have been paid' to the said TansiU [Indefinite.]
By the joint resolution for the relief of William
H. De Groot.
To settle the account of William H. Be Groot, on princi-
ples of justice and equity, allowing to the said De Groot
the amount of money actually expended by him in and
about the execution of the said contract; and also to in-
demnify him for such losses, liabilities, and damages, as,
by virtue of the said joint resolution he was entitled to
receive [Indefinite.]
By the1 act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Charles Pearson, deceased.
For the amount of money paid into the United States pat-
ent Office by the said Pearson, whilst he was laboring
under a state of insanity     $140 00
By the act for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown.
For salary as secretary of the board of commissioners of the
Navy hospital fund, fiom February seventh to May six-
teenth, anno Domini eighteen hundred and twenty-seven,
and for commissions on the disbursements of paid fund
between the years eighteen hundred and twenty-fiveand
eighteen bundled and twenty-nine $'430 00
By the act for the relief of Lydia Frazee, widow
and administratrix of John Frazee, late of the
city of New York.
For the seivices of the said John Frazee, as architect and
superintendent of the New York custom-house, from the
third day of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
forty-one, to the twenty-first day of May, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and forty-two $3,868 0Q
By the act for the relief of William Geigcr.
For all claims against the United States by virtue of his
contract made on the eighteenth day of October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, at Fort Smitli City, with Captain
French, for lime, stone, and mason work, for and on the
barracks at Fort Washita, m Cherokee nation..^ 1,010 62
By the act for the relief of Moses Noble.
To pay to Moses Noble, agent for the brig Good Hope, and
the schooners Delta, Jasper, Sardine, Five Sisters, Com-
monwealth, and Two Brothers, for the benefit of the per-
sons entitled thereto, tor fishing bounties to which said
vessels became entitled in the fishing season of the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-two $1,704 68
By the act for the relief of Charner T. Scaife,
administrator of Gilbert Stalker.
For the use and scivicc of the steamboat James Adams,
belonging to said Stalker, from the first day of August,
eighteen hundred andforty-one, to the ninth day of July, ]
eighteen hnndied and forty-two $5,645 16 j
By the act for the relief of Mariano G. VaUejo.
For the occupation by the troops of the United States of a
building on the square of Sonoma, in California, Irom
May thirtieth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, to Au-
gust,eighteen hundred and fifty-three $8,b00 00
By the act for the relief of Tench Tilghman.
For losses sustained by jam in consequence of his appoint-
ment to a consulate which was abolished by the Spanish
Government while he was on his way to take charge of
the same   00
By the act for the relief of A. M. Mitchell, late
colonel of Ohio volunteers in the Mexican war.
For transportation from Monterey to Cincinnati, and from
Cincinnati to Monterey, in eighteen hundred and iorty-
six, the tiip not having been pciformed under orders but
by leave granted in consequence of temporary disability,
caused bv wounds received in action on the twenty-nrst
September, eighteen hundred and forty-six.,..[fndenmtej
By the act for the relief of Richard "W. Meade.
For expenses incurred by him andhis clerk for subsistence,
while under orders of the Navy Department and detained
on shore at San Francisco, from the fifteenth of July to
tlie thirtieth of September, eighteen hundred and forty-
nine, less the amount already received by them for com-
mutation of their rations during the same period..$566 20
By the act for the relief of George Stealey.
For services rendered and expenses incurred by him as
agent, appointed by the Indian commissioners of the
United State's for the State of California to visit the
northern tribes of Indians in said State.... [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of David D. Porter.
For certain extraordinary expenses incurred by him in the
discharge of his duty, under the orders of the Navy De-
partment, on special servicc to the island of St. Do-
mingo      $743 00
By the act for the relief of George B. Bacon, Jate
acting purser of the sloop-of-war Portsmouth.
For the amount properly payable to a purser of a sloop-of-
war, for his services as acting purser as aforesaid during
the period he acted as purser, deducting therefrom tlie
amount paid to said Bacon for the same period as com-
mander's clerk   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Edward N. Kent.
For the perpetual use, in all the present and future mint-
ing establishments of the United States, of the apparatus
for separating gold and other precious metals fiom for-
eign substances, of which the said Edward N. Kent is
the inventor and patentee $20,000 00
By the act for the relief of Asenath 'M. Elliott,
widow of Captain Edward G. Elliott.
For compensation for private property applied to the pay-
ment of a balance erroneously appearing due fiom the
said E. G. Elliott on the books of the Tieasury Depart-
ment  $5,800 00
By the act for the relief of Jeremiah Pendergast.
For the difference of pay allowed him as a watchman on
the construction of the Patent Office extension and that
allowed to other watchmen $139 91
By the act for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late
of the United States Army.
For such sums of money as may be found due to her late
husband as captain of artillery, from the thirty-first day
of Decembei, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, when
he was last paid, to the thirty-first day of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty, the day of his death, and
that his accounts on tlie books of the Treasury be bal-
anced    [indefinite.)
By the act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Wetonsaw, son of James Conner.
For the amount sccured to said Wetonsaw in schedule B
of the treaty of January fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and thirty-seven, with the Saginaw Chippewa In-
dians $400 00
By the act for the relief of William P. Bowhay.
For severe personal injuries received by him whilst em-
ployed by the United States on board the frigate Congress,
and which rendered him a cripple for life $800 00
By the act for the relief of Mrs. Jane M. Mc-
Crabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster, United
States Army.
For commissions for disbuisements of special appropria-
tions by her late husband, Captain John W. MeCrabb,
prior to the thirtieth of September, one thousand eight
hundred and thirty-eight .$5,293 96
By the act for the relief of M. C. Gritzner.
For compensation and damages on account of the rescind-
ing by the Government of a contract made with the Com-
missioner of Patents, on tlie thirtieth day of March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the execution of
descriptions and illustrations of the Patent Office report
for that year, before the work was completed... .$379 77
By the act for the relief of the surviving grand-
children of Colonel William Thompson, of the
revolutionary army of South Carolina.
For the half pay for life, to which their ancestor, the said
William Thompson, was entitled, under the resolutions
of Congress, for his seivices as colonel as aforesaid,
throughout the war of the Revolution, the said Colonel
William Thompson having elected not to take the com-
mutation of five years' full pay .$7,388 82
By the act for the relief of Samuel J. Hensley.
For twelve hundred and eighty-five head of cattle by him
actually delivered in May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
two. to the agents of the United States for the use of the
the Indians in California, as found by the Court of
Claims  ...............  $96,375 00
