
CONFIDENTIAL.] AUGUST 30, 1864--12 m.

Brigadier-General LEWIS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood desires you to send some of your most discreet officers to such point as you may think best to procure horse equipments for your command, to be held ready to use at any moment. It may become necessary to mount you very soon, but he desires that you shall not inform your command of the fact, so that they may not feel useless anxiety on the subject. Direct your officers to consult with chief of ordnance of this army, who has been instructed to assist you.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

ATLANTA, August 30, 1864--5.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General LEWIS, Jonesborough:

You will co-operate with General Armstrong in preventing the enemy crossing Flint River to-night.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

ATLANTA, August 30, 1864--6.35 p. m.

General LEWIS, Jonesborough:

Hold your position at all hazards. Help is ordered to you.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, August 30, 1864.

TENNESSEEANS: Confederate troops again press the soil of your noble State. The opportunity for which you have so long asked is now given you. The brave men, who, in this hour of your country's peril, still cling to your country's standard, appeal to you for aid. Shall they call in vain? Georgia has called her last available citizens between the ages of seventeen and fifty years. They are now fighting beside your chivalrous sons before Atlanta. Other States are also throwing their entire male population into the field.

Citizens of Tennessee? You who have always been ready to respond to your country's call, every one of you must rise to duty. If all who should come will now join us, we pledge the honor of those States whose sons compose the Western army of the Confederacy that Tennessee shall be redeemed.

J. WHEELER,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, August 30, 1864--8 a. m.

General JACKSON, Commanding, &c.:

Should the enemy move to the railroad you must detain them as long as possible. Flint River gives us great advantages in protecting the Macon railroad.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

