
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 9, 1864-9.40 p. m.

General GARRARD:

It is reported from Acworth that the road is threatened by a regiment of Texans, 500 strong. As soon as you are strengthened by infantry, increase your force above Roswell at the upper bridge, to interpose between it and the bridge. This is the reason why that bridge was held this morning by the division of Kelly.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

RINGGOLD, July 9, 1864.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Party of rebel cavalry fired on and wounded a number of Michigan Engineers scattered in woods cutting timber between three and four miles south of here. Have sent out to ascertain facts; will telegraph again. These rebels scattered and hid in the woods; and without cavalry, of which I have none, nothing can be done with them. I do not think the rebel force large.

H. K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

RESACA, July 9, 1864.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I think it is of vital importance that a cavalry force be stationed at Snake Creek Gap. Scouting parties of the enemy may dash upon the railroad from that direction at any time unless our scouting parties keep a close watch. If the Fourth Kentucky is removed, I ask that one of Colonel Murray's regiments now here be ordered there.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, July 9, 1864.

Colonel MURRAY:

Send 150 cavalry with all possible dispatch to Tilton, to operate between Tilton and Dalton for the protection of the railroad.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS.

July 9, 1864. (Received 2 a. m. 10th)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Garrard's cavalry has effected a lodgment on south side chattahoochee, and is moving. Schofield fill cross and do the same. The Sixteenth Corps is moving to Roswell to-day, and will cross to-morrow. General Howard has captured one of the enemy's pontoons above Wilkins' Bridge. Heavy columns seen moving north and east to-day. Skirmishing all day.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

