
cess in retaining him for a few days, until they can sell or swap him. Some stations through which the army has passed have in this way been entirely swept of animals, thereby taking from the people their only means of support. They do not hesitate to take possession of all public animals captured from the enemy, wherever to be found, and dispose of them as private property, thus depriving the Government of all benefit of such capture.

I do not think it any exaggeration when I make the assertion that had the cavalry been mounted on public animals at the beginning of the war, and captured animals been used to remount those "by the chances of war dismounted," a fair valuation having been paid for all purchased, less money would have been expended, and a large number of animals been secured to the Government, than has already been paid out for animals killed in action or lost through carelessness of owner, not to say anything of public animals that have been taken possession of by dismounted men. I respectfully suggest that all private animals now ridden by cavalrymen be taken possession of by the Government and paid for either with money or by certificate of purchase, and when a soldier is dismounted, if it can be shown that it was through no carelessness of his, let him be remounted by the Government. If through his negligence let him at once be sent to an infantry command. This mode of mounting troops will, in my opinion, be beneficial to the service and to away with much of the odium now attached to the cavalry arm.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

E. H. EWING,

Major and Inspector of Field Transportation, Army of Tennessee.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.--For Hardee to Jefferson Davis, reporting engagement at Jonesborough (September 1), see Part III, p. 696.)

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864--6.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs me to say that Stewart and Lee are in supporting distance of you. Stewart is within nine miles. If you can hold your position they will reach you at an early hour to-morrow. Stewart is ordered to join you as early as possible in the morning. If you should be driven from your present position the general thinks the several corps are so placed that they can be united at some point not far south of your position to-morrow night.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864--6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART,

Commanding Corps:

From information recently received from General Hardee, and the artillery firing now going on, General Hood thinks it important that you take a very early start in the morning and move to his assistance. Be certain you have good guides, well informed. Do not bear too far

