
municate with their homes, and our duties on the Mississippi River were the most agreeable to the brigade of any to which it has before or since been assigned, and it rendered valuable service to the Confederacy. I feel sensibly that it is no part of a good soldier to say where he should serve his country, but a desire to preserve the brilliant, but hard-earned, reputation of my command from the disgrace which it now threatens to bring upon itself, induces me to solicit your influence in obtaining the transfer of my brigade to Mississippi, and, if compatible with the interests of the service, have it assigned for awhile to operate on the river, subject to the orders of any commander, no matter whom, for I am confident the influence and representations of my men will bring the brigade many recruits from the Trans-Mississippi Department, and many could, I think, be obtained from independent squads now n the swamps, who would otherwise continue to avoid the service.

Above all, after these men had heard from home, and while there existed even a remote prospect of their getting home on furlough, under the system in force before they came to this department, I think they would no longer entertain the idea of desertion. I hope you will render all the assistance you can. I could not make an application and forward it through the regular channels, for I know it would not meet the approval of Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding division, and most likely General Hood would be unwilling to give his approval. Do not think I seek a different field from the present for myself; however, to me, the attractions of the change consist altogether in the fact that I think that the only plan by which I can detain my command on this side the Mississippi River. Please let me know at once if anything can be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 7, 1864--8 a. m.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

Think that General Dan. Adams should remain in Northeast Alabama. Am sending an additional brigade to Opelika to protect the railroad.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 7, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

It would be of vast benefit to have this army paid, a good portion of which has not been paid for ten months.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,September 7, 1864.

General BRAGG:

Will make every effort to reduce extra-duty lists.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

