HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Turner's Ferry, July 10, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: My skirmishers are near the river and the enemy on the opposite side in rifle-pits, both above and below Turner's Ferry. The enemy also have a work on the opposite side within easy cannon-range of the bluffs on the north side, in which they have artillery. I am having a battery of 3-inch Rodmans and 20-pounder Parrotts put in position, and will try to develop what is in front of us. We have captured about 50 prisoners, principally from the enemy's skirmish line.

Colonel Scott, of Leggett's division, reports that the rebels burned their pontoon bridge after the main body crossed, and before their skirmishers were relieved.

Major-General Stoneman is here, and desires to know whether the retreat of the rebels across the Chattahoochee will make any change in the plans proposed for him yesterday. If he goes on the expedition, he wishes to start at 8 o'clock this evening. From the result of his reconnaissance last night in the vicinity of Campbellton, the finds here is no bridge or ford until he reaches Franklin, and no enemy on this side of the river. I send this by Captain Gile in order to get an answer quickly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Chattahoochee River, Ga., July 10, 1864-10 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Major-General Stoneman has made all his arrangements and started on his expedition at 8 o'clock this evening, intending to go as far down as Campbellton to-night. I have sent a brigade of infantry down to the vicinity of Sandtown Ferry, with instructions to picket and patrol along the river between the mouth of Nickajack and Sweet Water. Early this morning my skirmishers moved forward and took up a position in advance of the rebel works and have been skirmishing with the enemy across the Chattahoochee all day. Seven regiments of infantry were moved up to the rebel works to support them (four from Gresham's division, one from Harrow's, one from Osterhaus', and one from Morgan L. Smith's), the balance being held ready for any emergency. I am also having batteries constructed; will get the guns in to-night and be able to open on the enemy to-morrow morning. I also directed Major-General Blair to send a brigade down as far as Howell's Ferry to make a demonstration and develop the position of the enemy if possible, and inclose herewith the report* of Brigadier-General Leggett, who accompanied the brigade. I have not attempted to cross the Chattahoochee River, which I think can be effected in the vicinity of Sandtown Ferry, as it would necessitate putting down our pontoon bridge, which, from the instructions I have received, I inferred you did

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

