
not wish done at present. Major-General Stoneman said that he did not care about the infantry covering the river any farther down than the mouth of Sweet Water. If he cannot effect a crossing in the vicinity of Campbellton, he will, after making a lively demonstration there to-morrow, push rapidly to-morrow night for Franklin bridge and try to cross there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 10, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have pretty much made up my mind as to the next move, but would be glad to hear any suggestion from you. I propose that General Stoneman shall attempt to break the road below Atlanta, to accumulate stores at Marietta and increase our guards to the rear, then suddenly to shift you to Roswell, General Dodge in the mean time to get you a good tete-de-pont and bridge. General Schofield is already at Phillips' Ferry, across and fortified. He too will make a good trestle bridge. General Thomas will group his [command] at Powers' and Pace's Ferries. But for the next three days, while these preparations are being made, I want you to demonstrate as though intending to cross at Turner's or below, and General Thomas the same at the railroad bridge. When General Stoneman is back, I will give you the word to shift rapidly to Roswell and cross, and in anticipation you can get your wagons back to Marietta, except such as you need. General Thomas will need yours and his pontoons to cross at Powers' and Pace's. At the right time I will leave Generals Stoneman and McCook to cover the front, and cross all the balance of the army and advance its right on or near Peach Tree Creek, and the left (you) swing toward Stone Mountain. Johnston will be found to occupy his redoubts about Atlanta and also Stone Mountain and Decatur. We can maneuver so as to compel him to weaken his center or one of his flanks, when we can act. If he neglect his right or center we get on his Augusta road. if he neglect Atlanta, we take it. If he assumed the offensive, we cover our roads and base and can make as good use of Peach Tree Creek as he. If General Stoneman could break the road, so much the better, but if he cannot, I calculate that General Rousseau will do so within a week, quite as early as we can be at or near Cross Keys. The ground opposite still continues rough, but that we cannot help. I find all the roads leading back from Roswell, Phillips' and Powers' Ferries to Marietta are good, but the cross-roads are hilly and steep. The advantage of this plan over the one crossing to the south is, that we are all between the enemy and our base, and now that he has destroyed his own bridges he cannot get over without fighting us. Study your maps and be ready, but in the mean time stir up the enemy all you can on that flank and make feints as though designing to cross.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

