HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., July 10, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The whole country between this post and the front is infested with guerrillas bands, who will and can constantly interrupt our line of communications unless they are broken up and driven out of the country. To do this requires a mounted force, and it will be accomplished with the country and the character and associations of the leaders of these bands. Having learned that there is a probability of the First East Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Brownlow, being mounted, I respectfully ask the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland to order this regiment, if mounted, to report to me, that I may use it to clear the country of the bands of thieves and marauders now organized and being organized to depredate upon our communications. Brownlow's regiment has in it men who know the country, every road and bridle path, and understand the political sentiments of the people, and hence would not be so readily imposed upon and misled by rebel sympathizers as troops who are strangers in the country.

Very respectfully,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, Numbers 32. July 10, 1864.

I. The division of General John E. Smith will occupy the Allatoona Pass, with a detachment at Kingston and Cartersville, and the brigade now at the Allatoona Pass will occupy Kenesaw Mountain and Big Shanty. The District of the Etowah will be extended to embrace the Kenesaw Mountain.

II. Each of the three armies will have one regiment at Marietta, of the average strength of 330 men for fatigue duty, to unload cars; the commanding officers to report for orders to the chief commissary, Colonel Beckwith. Marietta will be the grand depot, but the chief quartermaster may arrange to deliver stores in bulk at Ruff's or Vining's Stations, according to the facilities of the railroad.

III. Commissaries and quartermasters must keep ten days' supplies on hand at all times, without special orders to that effect, and the army must be ready for quick, prompt movement, as our future plans depend on the enemy.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, GA., July 11, 1864-7 a. m.

(Received 9.15 a. m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy is now all beyond the Chattahoochee, having destroyed all his bridges. We occupy the west bank for thirty miles, and have

8 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT V

