
two heads of columns across; one at the shallow ford at Roswell, and the other at the mouth of Soap Creek (Phillips'). At these we are making good pier bridges. Water is shallow, rock bottom, but strong and rapid current. I propose to have another of pontoons lower down, about the mouth of Rottenwood or Island Creeks. The last works abandoned by the enemy were the strongest of all, embracing two detached redoubts and extending along the river hills for about five miles, having in its whole extent finished abatis and parapet, with glacis obstructed with chevaux-de-frise, and all manner of impediments. But the moment Johnston detected that I had ignored his forts, and had secured two good lodgments above him on the east bank, at Roswell Factory and at Phillips',m he drew his forces across and burned all his bridges, viz, one railroad, one trestle, and three pontoons. We now commence the real game for Atlanta, and I expect pretty sharp practice, but I think we have the advantage, and propose to keep it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 11, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Georgia:

Hunter, Crook, and Averell have their hands more than full, and cannot operate as you suggest.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 11, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I have ordered General McPherson to send his pontoons here to-morrow. I will order them to Powers' Ferry, and I will want you to effect a lodgment there to-morrow night and next day. There is no enemy of any size to our immediate front, and General Dodge reports the enemy's cavalry alone above Peach Tree Creek at Buck Head. he says he has an Atlanta paper of the 10th, that all the wealthy people are leaving, and that a council of war was held, when it was decided to fight for Atlanta. General Rousseau telegraphs from Decatur on the 8th that he started that day and would be on the Montgomery and Opelika road in eight or nine days. I think we should as soon as possible secure the opposite bank from Roswell down to Peach Tree Creek. I think the bridge across the Peach Tree near the railroad bridge is still standing. I watched it close to-day and think I saw half a dozen men pass it, but with that exception there was no life visible. There was no danger in standing in full view in the redoubt to-day. I suppose Johnston the absence of all camps from the other side to-day. I suppose Johnston will group his army about Atlanta, and wait for us to develop our game. I only await news from Stoneman to put General McPherson in motion.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

