
this side of Atlanta, on what is called the Atlanta and Marietta road. The railroad passes near it. General Stewart's headquarters are near General Johnston's. Stewart's corps, late Polk's, is stili on the right of Johnston's army, with the right resting on the railroad, about two miles beyond Peach Tree Creek, going from here toward Atlanta. Moore says he heard the officers saying they were going to intrench a position with their right resting ont he railroad and their left at Cedar Bluffs. He says he was told that the principal part of the rebel wagon train had been moved beyond Atlanta toward Augusta; that a good deal of machinery had been moved from Atlanta in the same direction, and that the refugees, in great numbers, taking the negroes, &amp;c., are also doing in the same direction. He heard officers say that they did not expect any general engagement would take place in the vicinity of Atlanta without they received re-enforcements. He heard a camp rumor that a part of Kirby Smith's force was on the way by rail to join Johnston's army, but he could not get this from any reliable source. He says the rumor was that this re-enforcement would be there to-day. Moore says his impression is that the left of the rebel army rests at present on the river. Moore says he heard yesterday a report in the rebel camp that two of their corps are at Harper's Ferry. Early's corps is one, and he does not remember the other corps. He also heard a report that there had been a fight between Forrest and General Washburn. Moore says he saw Colonel Sherman at a distance, but did not have an opportunity to speak to him. He says Colonel Sherman has been forwarded to Anderson[ville]. In returning Moore came back by the way of Buck Head, entering our lines through General Dodge's command. He reported there early this morning. Moore says Wheeler's rebel cavalry lies between there and Buck Head. Moore says the Georgia State Troops, under General G. W. Smith, are on the left, under the general direction of General Hood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - Moore says he saw Mrs. Johnston and other ladies at General Johnston's headquarters yesterday. They seem to be having a jollification.

W.

Moore brings rebel paper to yesterday.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Vining's Station, Ga., July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you take a sufficient force of your command, proceed to Dallas, and arrest the following-named men, bring them to these headquarters, and turn them over to the provost-marshal-general of the Department of the Cumberland: Green B. Turner, who lives two miles and a half from Dallas; Nick Allen, who lives three miles west of Dallas; Stephen Allen, who lives three miles west of Dallas; Lem. Anderson, who lives in Dallas; John Hicks, who lives five miles west of Dallas; Aleck Bullock, who lives three miles west of Dallas. Be sure to arrest Lem. Anderson, the Allens, and Alleck Bullock. After you have made these arrests inform the men

