
arrest that they are arrested for their past deeds under the Confederacy, for what they have done since our army was at Dallas, and because they are disturbers of the peace of the community in which they live. Inform the people of Dallas of the same, and, moreover, that so long as they conduct themselves properly they will not be disturbed, but if any of them choose to conduct themselves as these men have done they will be arrested in the same manner and banished from the United States at these men will be.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In Field, July 11, 1864-7.45 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith report just received from Major-General Dodge. Everything along this part of the front has been very quiet to-day. I am having batteries erected on this side of the river at Turner's Ferry, and will have sixteen guns in position to-morrow morning to open on the enemy's redoubt on the opposite side, distant about 900 yards. Deserters state that the redoubt has six guns, two 20-pounder Parrotts and four 10-pounders. One brigade of Leggett's division is near Sandtown Ferry picketing the river, and I have one brigade of Morgan L. Smith's division near Widow Mitchell's and the other brigade at the intersection of the Sandtown and Alabama roads. To-morrow morning De Gress will take his battery of 20-pounder Parrotts and go down to Sandtown Ferry and try to knock a small battery of the enemy's on the south side of the river to pieces. General Stoneman got off last night. No news from him to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

P. S.- Your dispatch received. The pontoon train will report accordingly.

J. B. McP.

Also inclose communication from General Legett, just received.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Roswell, Ga., July 11, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday at noon, the command crossed and the troops were all in position before night, and now have intrenchments up. I have over a mile of ford and bridges to cover, and cannot make a tete-de-pont very far out that will cover it. I have taken and extended the line selected by General Newton. Our trains are all on the north side of the river. The ford is very rough, but shallow, and the bridge we will have to build is 650 feet long and 14 feet high. I put a foot bridge across last night, so that troops can pass. It is very diffi-

