
cult for them to wade, the water is swift and bottom full of holes. The enemy's pickets are near Buck Head, and men out of Atlanta to-day say that there is no infantry after you get four miles this side of Atlanta, and that Stewart is on their right. Johnston's headquarters are at a little house three miles this side of Atlanta, on the railroad. Atlanta papers of the 10th instant say that a council of war was held that day, and that it is rumored that Johnston would make a fight for the city. This would tend to show that it is not their intention. All trains belonging to the army have gone toward Augusta, and everybody fleeing. Eight miles up the river from here is a good bridge that is not destroyed. I will work hard on the bridge here and finish it as soon as possible. It is a big job as you will perceive from the length. Everything was burned up here that we could use - houses, mills, lumber, and all.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DOGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattahoochee River, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding the army corps, I took one brigade of infantry and a section of artillery and went to Howell's Ferry, and made considerable display, opening artillery fire from two points, and a brisk fire from our sharpshooters, but failed to get any response, except from the rebel sharpshooters in rifle-pits close to the river. These sharpshooters seem to be few in number, and I am unable to form an opinion as to whether they are supported by a reserve in the woods in the rear, and I cannot ascertain without means to attempt a crossing; hence have returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 11, 1864.

General DODGE,

Roswell, Ga.;

I know you have a big job, but that is nothing new for you. Tell General Newton that his corps is now up near General Schofield's crossing, and that all is quiet thereabouts. He might send down and move his camp to the proximity of his corps; but I think Roswell and Shallow Ford so important that I prefer him to be near you, until you are well fortified. If he needs rations tell him to get his wagons up, and I think you will be able to spare him day after to-morrow. I know the bridge at Roswell is important and you may destroy all Georgia to make it good and strong.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

