
The moral I wish to inculcate by these simple illustrations is, by knowing the country and thinking ahead, an infantry garrison can act against cavalry. Therefore, it is expected of the infantry guarding our road that they are not to sit down and let cavalry prance all around them, but that they ambush their roads, anticipate their passage at mountain passes and creek crossings, over even pursue them and catch them jammed in narrow roads or at bridges. Thus at Dalton a lookout should be kept all along Taylor's Ridge and give notice of horsemen in the far off valleys, and then they should be waylaid. Rewards should be offered of parties of the enemy, but they should always be waylaid and pursued.

Another matter I will draw your attention to: officers and men naturally slip into houses and establish headquarters, officers, &amp;c., and are about as useless as if posted in Canada. Make a positive order that each garrison shall build anew a good stockade with earth-work, abatis, &c., not too strong, but to serve as a stronghold and rallying point, to hold a dash of cavalry in check, and more especially to allow a part of the garrison to hold the post while the greater portion goes forth to battle with the enemy. A fixed garrison is harmless and useless. Its only value is in its power of offense.

I think you had better embody some of these ideas, and such others as may suggest themselves to you, in a general order, and have it printed on pasteboard and hung up at every post, and the make your inspectors enforce it.

We are now in full possession of the country down to the Chattahoochee, and have two good crossings - one at roswell, and the other at the mouth of Soap Creek, known as Phillips', and I only await a few developments to go ahead. General Vandever telegraphs from Rome that Pillow's force has gone toward Meridian. If another attempt is made from that quarter, it should be counteracted by moving behind it from Rome and Gunter's Landing.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

KINGSTON, July 11, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Received orders to move yesterday to Cartersville and Allatoona with a portion of my command at this place. It can not be the intention to leave this point unprotected, and I am not advised that there are any troops ordered here to relieve me. There are two important bridges across the Etowah and several fords. Do you want the bridges destroyed?

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH:

For the present leave two regiments at Kingston. Take up the planking, but do not disturb the frame work of the bridges.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

