
us back. One-half mile above the bridge at this place is a ferry, and will be a good place to put in a pontoon bridge should you desire. The river is about 300 feet wide. I will have the bridge at this place finished to-morrow. All the bents are up to-night, stringers on, and planked one-third the distance across. When done it will take safely over any number of troops and their trains. All quiet here. River slowly rising.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Roswell, Ga., July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: There is nothing new here; all quiet. We are progressing on the bridge, and work night and day. My mounted infantry has been down five miles south of here, where they strike the enemy's cavalry. All deserters and prisoners of war state that the enemy's works are from two to four miles north of Atlanta. None this side of that. A very intelligent man, who left Lee's army at Petersburg last Wednesday, cam in. He says this is the first time that Lee's army was ever discouraged; that their losses have been enormous, and that every man in the country has gone to it. Ewell, with his corps, he says, has been sent on a raid to Pennsylvania. He also says that there are no guards on the railroads after getting twenty miles away from Atlanta, and that Johnston's trains have all gone to Augusta, Ga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Chattahoochee River, Ga., July 12, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copy of Special Field Orders, Numbers 66, Department and Army of the Tennessee.*

The major-general commanding desires you to make such demonstrations as you may think best. Colonel Scott might throw one or two companies across the river and drive away their skirmishers, and the enemy might be driven across the river above Howell's, provided your men are not too much exposed in doing so. These are merely suggestions by which you are not to be governed unless supported by your judgment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Turner's Ferry, July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: During the day we have done all in our power to extend our information as to the character and number of the enemy in our

---------------

*See p. 130.

---------------

9 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT V

