HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga., July 1, 1864

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: You will embark three regiments of your command on cars immediately and proceed by rail, leaving the Seventeenth Iowa Infantry at Tilton, the Tenth Missouri Infantry at Resaca, and the Fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry one-half at Calhoun and one-half at Adairsville, the Eightieth Ohio Infantry at this place, establishing brigade headquarters at Resaca. Relieve the troops stationed at these points, directing them to report to their commanding officer. You will patrol the road between the different stations garrisoned by your command, morning, evening, and once during the night. For additional instructions apply to the officers whom you relieve. The transportation belonging to your brigade will be stopped on its way out, under charge of Captain Holly Skinner, assistant quartermaster.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

CARL. J. WHITE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,July 1, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: It gives me pleasure to call the attention of the general commanding to the activity of the troops in my district in carrying out my aggressive policy for the protection of the railroad. The following just received from Colonel Anderson, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry:

I have the guerrilla Parson Johnson and 4 of his men, mortally wounded, at Whitesburg, and shall have his entire gang to-night. I have Mead invested.

The enemy has been attacked on the south side of the river seven times in the last two weeks, and always with success, damaging him more or less every time, with the loss of only 1 man killed and 4 wounded on our side. Their loss will reach 50 in killed, wounded, and prisoners. On the north side of the river I have a scout out every other day, to be absent two days. They have disposed of a number of guerrillas.

Very respectfully,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, July 1, 1864.

General SMITH:

The army will move to-morrow and the greatest vigilance will be necessary in the direction of Cartersville and Allatoona. Send at least half of Colonel Lowe's command to Adairsville to scout the country to Talking Rock.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

