HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Commanding Military Div. of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have been reconnoitering to-day, and have got a little additional information about roads, &amp;c., which I will send you to-morrow. In the morning I will move forward onto the ridge now occupied by General Howard, connecting with him, and refuse my left, so as to cover my bridge. I will then be able to reconnoiter farther.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Isham's Ferry, Ga., July 13, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have reconnoitered the ridge, which you now occupy, about two miles beyond your left; also the ground about the headwaters of the creek which runs between my present position and yours. I can easily place my corps on good ground, so as to connect my present right with your left and form with you a continuous line, covering the two bridges. I will take that position in the morning if we do not get orders for a farther advance. I would do so this evening, but that my men are drawing clothing to-day, and there appears to be no considerable force of the enemy within several miles of us. If you get information of the enemy which seems to make it advisable for me to change my line to-night please inform me and I will act accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOORE'S BRIDGE, GA., July 13, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: By taking a roundabout way, and by unfrequented roads, our parties succeeded in capturing or cutting off every scout the enemy had out. We surprised the guard at the bridge (the First Tennessee Cavalry), and drove them from the bridge before they had time to set fire to the straw and pine-knots prepared for its conflagration. The Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry had the advance, under Colonel Adams, and did the thing handsomely. The bridge had been partially destroyed by tearing up the sleepers and planks, but we will have it repaired during the night. It is a covered structure, very well built, 480 feet long, on two spans. One of the couriers we captured came down on this side of the river, bore a message to the commanding officer here that the Yankees were coming in large force, and that he must hold the bridge at all hazards, and that re-enforcements were on the way. This point is twenty-five miles from Campbellton. There is another bridge at Franklin, twenty-five miles lowe down. Newnan, on the railroad, is ten miles from here, and I understand the road leads through dense woods. We will try what we can do to-morrow morning as soon as it is light. I can hear of no railroad bridge in this vicinity. The people, negroes and others, say the road runs on a ridge, but if we do nothing to the road it will create a diversion.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

