
I have the honor to inclose for your information a report of Brigadier-General Force, commanding the brigade which pickets the extreme right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,July 13, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGLASS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that all remains quiet here. The rebels appear to have a continuous picket-line along the river; none on this side. At regular crossings and where ravines go down to the river they have earth-works. I have seen only two embrasures, and they are without guns. Yesterday afternoon one gun opened near Sandtown Ferry on men in a blackberry patch, and another on a reconnoitering party which went to Adaholt's Ferry, at the mouth of Sweet Water. They were brought up and taken away by the rebels; were not in position. About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon a body of cavalry - some of the pickets call it one, some two regiments - accompanied by four or five wagons, went toward the interior from Sandtown Ferry. A body of infantry - they called it a brigade - accompanied by about thirty wagons, moved to the south of southwest from near the same point. They can be seen only a short distance from the river, however. Opposite Adaholt's, clothes hanging on bushes indicate a small camp. In a valley between Baker's and Sandtown Ferries, perhaps Utoy Creek, has appeared to be a larger camp, judging by smoke and the glimmer of fire. Nothing heard down the river, except two guns about dusk in direction of General Stoneman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Chattahoochee River, July 13, 1864.

Brigadier General M. D. LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: A report from General Stoneman to General Sherman says that he made an effort to cross at Campbellton, but from the condition of the river and the position of the enemy was unable to do so. He, however, left one brigade there, and has gone on to Franklin with the remainder of his command. In an indorsement upon this paper General Sherman directs that a picket be kept "at the ford across Sweet Water near its mouth, the same that is used by the cavalry." The major-general commanding desires you to carry this order into effect by placing a strong picket at the point indicated, keeping up your line along the river. As soon as the Fourth Division is allowed to contract its present extended front, should you think it necessary, a portion of it will be placed in such a position as to act in reserve. If the regiment detailed to guard the trains has not returned to you, you will please send a peremptory order for it to join you immediately. Please say be return messenger whether it has returned or not.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

