
ROSWELL, GA., July 13, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 3.25 a. m. 14th.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Line of telegraph opened to this place this morning. No material change in position of army since my last. Movement by left flank progressing steadily, and headquarters of Sherman, Thomas, and McPherson will be here to-morrow. Heat excessive, and men suffer.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 20. Nashville, Tenn., July 13, 1864.

I. The grain and hay raised in the State of Tennessee being required for the use of the army, its exportation from the State is positively prohibited.

II. The quartermaster's department will purchase the grain and hay required for consumption by the army.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 52. Isham's Ferry, Ga., July 13, 1864.

* * * * *

VIII. To-morrow morning General Hascall will move his division forward on the ridge now occupied by General Howard's corps, connect with General Howard's left, and prolong his line along the crest of the main ridge until it reaches the dividing ridge between the creeks, in front and on the left of our present position. General Cox will swing forward his right so as to occupy the ridge last described, connect with General Hascall's left, and let his own left rest substantially where it now is. The troops will intrench the new position as soon as they are established upon it. Gaps will be left in the works wherever they may cross the roads which run along the ridges where the lines are to be established, as well as where cross-roads intersect the line. A staff officer will be sent to the division commanders about 7 a. m. to point out the position referred to.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 14, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

If State recruiting agents must come into the limits of my command under the law, I have the honor to request that the commanding officers or adjutants of regiments be constituted such agents, and that States be entitled to a credit for recruits they may enlist, who are accepted and mustered in by the regular mustering officer of their division and corps. This will obviate the difficulty I apprehend from civilian agents.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

