
NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, GA., July 14, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 3.45 a. m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

All is well. I have now accumulated stores at Allatoona and Marietta, both fortified and garrisoned points. I have also three points at which to cross the Chattahoochee in my possession, and only await General Stoneman's return from a trip down the river to cross the army in force and moved on Atlanta. Stoneman is now out two days, and had orders to be back on the fourth or fifth day, at farthest. Rousseau should reach Opelika about July 17. Before regulations are made for the States to send recruiting officers into the rebel States, I must express my opinion that it is the height of folly. I cannot permit it here, and I will not have a set of fellows here hanging about on any such pretenses. We have no means to transport and feed them. The Sanitary and Christian Commissions are enough to eradicate all traces of Christianity out of our minds, much less a set of unscrupulous State agents in search of recruits. All these dodges and make-shifts but render us ridiculous in our own estimation. I must protect my army, and I say beforehand, I have no means to transport recruiting parties south of Nashville, or to feed them, if they come here in spite of me.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Vining's Station, July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Dept of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move with your division to-morrow morning to this vicinity. When the Army of the Cumberland crosses the river or moves from its present position your division will patrol and picket the Chattahoochee from Pace's to Turner's Ferry. Lilly's battery will be posted by General Brannan in position on the left of and near the railroad crossing of the river. The work for it is now being made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Hargrove's House, July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

I have the honor to report that in compliance with your letter of instructions, dated July 11, I proceeded to Dallas, twenty-nine miles distant from my camp, on the morning of the 12th and reached there at 6 p. m. the same day. I succeeded in arresting Green B. Turner, Stephen Allen, and Aleck. Bullock. Nick Allen and Lem. Anderson, two of the other parties you instructed me to arrest, are across the Chattahoochee; John Hicks could not be found. No force of the enemy has been in that vicinity, but small scouting parties of from eight to ten pass through Dallas every few days and frequently return with prisoners.

