
My men captured 4 of their soldiers and 7 mules. As you desired, I endeavored to impress upon the minds of all the citizens remaining in Dallas the fact that they would meet with prompt and severe punishment if guilty of any acts in the future which would either disturb the peace of the community of give aid and comfort to the enemies of the Government. On my return I marched on a road leading into the Powder Springs and Lost Mountain road - one our army has not yet passed over. We found many of the enemy's dead buried along it; at one place over sixty graves, and at several others from twenty-five to thirty to each. I judge from this that their loss on our right was heavier than supposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,South of Chattahoochee, July 14, 1864.

Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Moore, a scout whom I sent out on the 13th at daylight, has just returned, and makes the following statement: He left Atlanta at 3 p. m. yesterday. He came out of Atlanta, returning by the Peach Tree road. About a mile from the town on this road the rebels were busily engaged in constructing four separate forts on the separate hills. The inhabitants of Atlanta are still leaving, going farther south, and the town is pretty well cleaned out. All the valuable property, such as machinery and army stores, has been removed, and he heard toward Augusta. Moore says only a small supply of subsistence is kept in Atlanta, only so much as could be readily moved in case of a retreat. Moore says General Gragg arrived from Richmond on Tuesday evening and a brigade of four regiments from Pollard, Ala. Moore says that it was reported in the rebel camps that this brigade, who told him they were from Pollard, Ala., and had never been with Kirby Smith. Moore says in returning he came out by the Peach Tree road till he struck the Turner's Ferry road, which he took and went to the extreme left of the rebel infantry line. This point is a small church in sight of the ferry. General Manigault's brigade is on the extreme left; thence to Campbellton the river is watched by squads of cavalry. From the left of the rebel line Moore returned to Buck Head, where he found Wheeler's cavalry, and thence into our lines through General Dodge's command, to whom he reported. Moore brings an Atlanta paper of yesterday.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.- Moore says as he passed along the rebel lines yesterday afternoon, Hardee's corps, which has been in the center for some time, was breaking up its camp, and is, he understood, to take position to the right of Stewart's corps, which would place Hardee's corps on the extreme rebel right, and Moore says it would be entirely to the right or east of the railroad.

WOOD.

