
CAMP, KENESAW, GA.,

July 1, 1864-10 p.m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

To-day Schofield pushed off toward Fulton, extending our right nearly eight miles, and beginning the movement which is expected to give us Marietta or a fight in open field. Johnson discovered the move, and massed on his left toward evening, threatening Schofield and calling out [sic] and making a demonstration along the whole line, which will be renewed in the morning. Supplies come up now rapidly, and the whole army will have ten days' on hand by to-morrow evening. Telegraph line followed Schofield, and he reports over it occurrences of to-day. No rain.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga. Numbers 31. July 1, 1864

The object of the contemplated movement is to deprive the enemy of the great advantage he has in Kenesaw as a valuable watchtower from which to observe our every movement; to force him to come out of his intrenchments or move farther south. To obtain which end:

I. All army commanders will fill up their wagons at Big Shanty depot to the utmost capacity with provisions, ammunition, and forage. The chief quartermaster and commissary will give all necessary orders to clean out the depots in front of Allatoona, and so instruct that the locomotives, and cars will come forward of Allatoona with great caution, and only when ordered by the chief quartermaster.

II. Major-General Thomas will hold the ground below Kenesaw as far as Olley's Creek near Mount Zion, Major-General Schofield that from Olley's Creek to the Nickajack, and General McPherson will move his train and troops rapidly in a single march and as little observed from Kenesaw as possible to the Sandtown road, and down it to the extreme right, with one corps near the Widow Mitchell's, another near Ruff's Mill, on the Nickajack, and the third in reserve near the forks of the road.

III. General Garrard's cavalry will cover the roads out of Marietta which pass north of Kenesaw, and General Stoneman's cavalry will occupy Sweet Water Old Town, coincident with the movement of McPherson. In case the enemy presses Garrard back by superior and overwhelming forces he will send one of his brigades to the flank of General Thomas and with the others fall back gradually toward Allatoona, disputing every foot of ground.

IV. Major-General McPherson will threaten the Chattahoochee River and also the railroad and General Thomas will press the enemy close and at the very earliest possible moment break his lines and reach the railroad below Marietta. All movements must be vigorous and rapid, as the time allowed is limited by the supplies in our wagons.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

