
parades. When you send out patrols and expedition give clear written instructions, and caution your men not to straggle about and get picket up in detail. As long as our main army is here or in front no enemy will threaten you but small squads of cavalry that are sent on errands of mischief. Send frequent patrols down to Lost Mountain and Powder Springs; also up toward Loughing Gal and Canton. Show no mercy to guerrillas or persons threatening our road or telegraph. Remove to the rear all suspicious persons and families, and bear in mind that the safety of this army is not be imperiled by any citizens, no matter how hard their friends may plead. I understand you have four regiments besides the Thirty-third Indiana, which should join General Blair as he passes Marietta en route for Roswell to-morrow or next day. Instruct your men not to fear cavalry. Infantry can take to the bushes and hills so quickly that they are safe against any odds of cavalry, and by waylaying the road at known points can defeat cavalry by firing from ambush.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 14, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH:

I regard Allatoona of the first importance in our future plans. It is a second Chattanooga; its front and rear are susceptible of easy defense and its flanks are strong. The post properly extends from the Etowah to Allatoona Depot, and flanks the Pumpkin Vine and Allatoona Creeks, embracing a space wherein can be accumulated supplies that would make a raid to our rear less to be feared, giving us the means of living till repairs could be made. I want you to study it in all its bearings. As long as our army is in front, in good order, of course nothing could threaten Allatoona, and then its garrison should scour the country for miles around, especially up the Pumpkin Vine and Euharlee Creeks and in the direction of Noonday and Canton. Everything in the nature of grain, forage, and vegetables should be collected. No suspicious citizens should be allowed near the railroad or in the country. The safety of this army must not be imperiled by citizens. If you entertain a bare suspicious against any facile send it to the North. Any loafer of suspicious person seen at any time should be imprisoned and sent off. If guerrillas trouble the road or wires between Kingston and Acworth, they should be shot without mercy. Rowland's Springs, Laughing Gal, Canton, and Dallas should receive sudden and unexpected visits by night by parties about 200 strong. I will soon be in motion again and will feel more confidence that I know you are at Allatoona.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 14, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Marietta, Ga.:

I have ordered three regiments at Marietta and a brigade at Kenesaw. This brigade will come to Marietta in case of danger to the depot, but

