
Kenesaw is selected on account of its security and proximity, and troops are more easily disciplined in camp than in a town. Although you are chiefly needed as a town guard and to handle stores, you should not neglect the military duties. Always be prepared for a dash of cavalry. Occupy the court-house and barricade and loophole the doors and windows; also make a good ladder to the roof, and make the balustrade bullet-proof, so that a party of men on its roof could sweep the streets. Other houses should also be selected and prepared near the railroad depot. A few hours' work will convert any good brick or some house into a citadel. Arms and ammunition should always be kept handy, and pickets kept well out to give notice. All citizens of whom you entertain the least suspicion should be sent North, no matter the seeming hardships. The safety of our depot must not depend upon the pleasure and convenience of citizens. Should any one be caught molesting our road, telegraph wires, or our stores, he should be disposed of finally and summarily, especially if disguised in the garb of a citizen.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, Numbers 35. July 14, 1864.

Preliminary steps having already begun, the following general plan will be observed and adhered to:

I. Major-General Thomas will prepare to cross his army at Powers' and Pace's Ferries, and take position out from the Chattahoochee River, until he controls the country from Island Creek to Kyle's Bridge, over Nancy's Creek, but will not move the whole of General Palmer's and General Hooker's corps across until he hears that General Stoneman is back from his present expedition. He will endeavor to provide General Stoneman enough pontoon boats, balks, and cheeses to make one bridge. He will dispose of General McCook's cavalry and detachments of his own infantry to watch the Chattahoochee about the old railroad crossing.

II. As soon as General Stoneman returns he will dispose his cavalry to watch the Chattahoochee an Turner's Ferry and about the mouth of Nickajack, connecting by patrols with General McCook, and will, if possible, procure enough pontoons to make a bridge ready on the first chance to cross the river about Howell's or Sandtown, and break the Atlanta and West Point railroad and telegraph.

III. Major-General Schofield, after having well secured his crossing-place at Phillips', will move out toward Cross Keys until he controls the ridge between Island and Nancy's Creeks and the road represented as leading from Roswell to Buck Head.

IV. Major-General Blair will immediately, on the return of Major-General Stoneman, move rapidly to Roswell and join his army. Major-General McPherson will then move his command out, either by the Cross Keys road or the old Hightower trail, until he is abreast of Major-General Schofield, and General Garrard, with his cavalry, will scout from McAfee's Bridge toward Pinckneyville, and if no enemy is there in force will picket McAfee's Bridge and take post on General McPherson's left,a bout Buchannan's.

V. The whole army will thus form a concave line behind Nancy's Creek, extending from Kyle's Bridge to Buchannan's, but no attempt will

