
at the bridge on this side, and 16 of 17 of them pickets and scouts in the vicinity of the bridge. I am unable to say how much force is opposite to us, but from what can be seen and I can hear, I am convinced it is no inconsiderable one.

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, &amp;c.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 15, 1864.

General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of 15th and wish you to hasten to your old position to relieve General Blair. I want you to cover and watch Turner's Ferry and mouth of Nickajack whilst we cross above and move out. You will have plenty of time to shoe and fix up. General Blair has your orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, July 15, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I send you a map* of the country which I reconnoitered yesterday. Sandy Spring Camp-Ground is an important center of roads. It is situated just at the head of Island Creek. The main road from that point appears to lead toward Pinckneyville at McAfee's Bridge. No doubt the road to Cross Keys leaves it only a short distance beyond the camp-ground. There are no people left in the country except a few ignorant women and children. Hence, it is impossible to get accurate information except by actual reconnaissance. As soon as I receive information that the general movement is to commence as directed in your Field Orders, Numbers 35, I propose to move my command to the camp-ground, and then reconnoiter toward Pinckneyville, Cross Keys, and Buck Head until I find the ground you desire me to occupy, and its relation to that to be occupied by Generals Thomas and McPherson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 15, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Roswell:

One of our Meridian men came in last night, an escape from the prison at Anderson[ville]. He brings a provost-marshal's pass from Columbus, of July 4. He came by way of La Grange and Franklin; saw but few of the enemy. Says West Point and Columbus are defended chiefly by

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

