
BRIDGEPORT, July 15, 1864.

Captain CIST,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received a dispatch from Brigadier-General Granger and one from Major-General Milroy that 2,800 rebels, with artillery, were crossing the river at Claysville, but not stating under whose command and what direction they were moving. If I receive the arms and ammunition as soon as possible, I can hold this post. If I should need any re-enforcements I will telegraph.

W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 15, 1864.

General JOHN E. SMITH,

Allatoona:

The general will move forward some little distance to-morrow, but will be glad to see you. Your telegram has not been received, but that by courier came this noon.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Roswell Factory, Ga., Numbers 53. July 15, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier General Charles R. Woods will assume command of the First Division during the temporary absence of Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, July 16, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The attempted invasion of Maryland having failed to give the enemy a firm foothold North, they are now returning, with possibly 25,000 troops. All the men they have here, beyond a sufficiently to hold their strong fortifications, will be an element of weakness to eat up their supplies. It is not improbable, therefore, that you will find in the next fortnight re-enforcements in your front to the number indicated above. I advise, therefore, that if you get to Atlanta you set about destroying the railroads as far to the east and south of you as possible; collect all the stores of the country for your own use, and select a point that you can hold until help can be had. I shall make a desperate effort to get a position here which will hold the enemy without the necessity of so many men. If successful, I can detach from here for other enterprises, looking as much to your assistance as anything else.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

