HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Power's Ferry, Chattahoochee River, Ga., July 16, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY:

GENERAL: General Wood will move the elite of his division down the south side of the Chattahoochee River at 4.30 a. m. to-morrow for the purpose of covering the laying of a pontoon bridge at Pace's Ferry. As soon as said bridge has been laid and one division of the Fourteenth Corps crosses over the same he will return to his present camp.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Powers' Ferry, Chattahoochee River, Ga.,

July 16, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

You will move the elite of your division, starting at 4.30 a. m. to-morrow, down the south side of the Chattahoochee to Pace's Ferry, where you will cover the laying of a pontoon bridge over the river. As soon as the bridge has been laid, and one division of the Fourteenth Army Corps has crossed over the same, you will return with your troops to their present camp. Do not remove your pickets, but let them remain where they are. Take with you one battery and one-half of your ambulances and leave behind all of the rest of your material, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy of General Newton.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 16, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as the bridges are laid at Pace's Ferry to-morrow morning, which will probably be about 7 o'clock, that you commence moving your corps across, posting the first division over in column on the road leaving to the bridge near the mouth of Peach Tree Creek and so near the bridge as to command it. The next division will be posted with its head of column at Kyle's Bridge across Nancy's Creek on the road to Buck Head. That last division over will be posted in reserve at the fork in the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

