HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 16, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Roswell:

Move in the morning according to Orders 35, but don't strike for the railroad till further orders. General Corse is here. General Balir started early to-day, and will be with you to-morrow. All well here.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROSWELL BRIDGE, July 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I shall have to leave with my trains near this place at least three good regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry. I am waiting for Garrard to come to obtain some definite information about the road. As far as I can learn yet the Hightower trail is not practicable for troops.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Marietta, July 16, 1864-11 p. m.

[Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK:]

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that I arrived with my entire command within one mile of Marietta to-night. I have already issued orders for the command to move at 4 a. m. to-morrow. I will march to within four or five miles of Roswell Ferry to-morrow morning, when I will halt during the heat of the day to rest the men. I would request that I am receive some more definite instructions as to the number of days' rations I will be expected to take across the river with the command; how many ordnance wagons shall accompany the command; how much baggage officers will be allowed to take, and whether the regimental teams shall accompany the regiments. Should the general desire me to join him at once, I will move forward rapidly without halting, although I think the men will be much benefitted by the midday halt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Chattahoochee River, Ga., July 16, 1864.

To-morrow morning General Davis will move his division to Pace's Ferry at such an hour as to be prepared to cross the bridge which is expected to be prepared at that point by 7 a. m. He will immediately cross and post his division in column on the road leaving to the bridge near the mouth of Peach Tree Creek, and so near to the bridge as to command it. General Johnson will cross his division at the same point as soon as General Davis' column has passed and will post his division with the head of his column at Kyle's Bridge, across Nancy's Creek, on

