
the road to Buck Bead. General Baird will corps as soon as the rear of General Johnson's column has passed and will post his division in reserve at the forks of the road.

By order of Major General J. M. Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 55. Isham's Ferry, Ga., July 16, 1864.

* * *

III. To-morrow morning, July 17, the corps will move to position between Island Creek and Nancy's Creek, covering the road from Johnson's Ferry toward Cross Keys and Buck Head. General Cox will move in advance and will march at 7 a. m. General Cox will first move to Sandy Spring Camp-Ground, take position at that place, and send forward a brigade toward Cross Keys, with orders to reconnoiter as far as Nancy's Creek, and will await further orders before moving his division beyond the camp-ground.

General Hascall will move along the road from his present position toward the camp-ground until he reaches the Atlanta or Buck Head road, take position at that point, and send a brigade to reconnoiter toward Buck Head, as far as the main ridge between Island Creek and Nancy's Creek. This brigade will endeavor to communicate with General Thomas' left, along the ridge, also with the brigade of General Cox, sent to reconnoiter toward Cross Keys.

General Cox will also send a regiment from the camp-ground to reconnoiter toward Pinkneyville and open communication with the right of General McPherson, who is expected to move from Roswell toward Decatur, until he comes into position on our left. General

Cox will leave his dismounted cavalry brigade and a battery to guard the bridge at Isham's Ford and such trains as may be left at this point. The brigade will be strongly intrenched on the commanding points near the bridge,and will hold their position at all hazards. The ordinary baggage trains and division ordnance trains will move with the troops. Other trains, when not moving to or from the depot, will be parked on the east bank of the Chattahoochee, immediately under the guns of the bridge guard. Hereafter in sending trains to the depot for supplies special care must be taken to prevent their capture or destruction. The trains of the two divisions will habitually move together, under a common guard, the strength of which will be determined at these headquarters, according to information which may be had at the time. No trains will be sent to the rear without orders from the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, ROSWELL BRIDGE, GA., Numbers 69. July 16, 1864.

* * *

VII. In order to carry out the spirit and intention of Special Field Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the following movements will take place:

