
Providence Church, where it will take a left-hand road, sometimes called the upper Decatur road, and proceed on this until Nancy's Creek is reached, when a good position on each side of the road will be chosen and the troops ordered into bivouac.

VII. Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will have the advance, and will be followed by the divisions of Brigadier-Generals Woods and M. L. Smith, respectively.

VIII. The ammunition wagons which are intended to transportation the additional 100 rounds referred to in paragraph IV of the order will follow each division, and the ambulance train of each division will likewise follow. Fifteenth Army Corps headquarters train will follow in rear of the First Division. All other wagons of the command will follow in rear of the entire command in the order of march. Two regiments of infantry will follow in the rear of the entire train as rear guard.

IX. The general supply train will be left and parked as near the river bridge as practicable on the west side, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps.

* * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 175. In the Field, July 16, 1864.

I. Brigadier General M. D. Leggett will have the advance to-morrow, and will move his command promptly at 4 a. m. on the road to Roswell Ferry.

II. Brigadier General W. Q. Gresham, commanding Fourth Division, will hold his command in readiness to move at 4.30 a. m., and will follow immediately in rear of the Third Division.

The trains of this command have been ordered to move at 2 a. m. on the road before indicated in advance of the troops.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EAST OF CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, GA.,

July 17, 1864-10 p. m. (Received 11.20 a. m. 18th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

To-day we have moved out from the Chattahoochee to Nancy's Creek, General Thomas on the right from Pace's Ferry, toward Atlanta; General Schofield in the center, near Cross Keys, and General McPherson on the left near General Schofield. To-morrow I propose to advance General Thomas to Peach Tree Creek, about Buck Head; General Schofield on the Decatur road, and General McPherson to the vicinity of the railroad east of Decatur, and his cavalry division, under Garrard, will break the railroad. If we can break the railroad I propose to place the left wing across it, near Decatur, and break up the railroad eastward as far as cavalry can operate with prudence. To-day we encounter nothing but cavalry.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

