HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattahoochee River, July 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: If you find it difficult to pass Pace's Ferry, move one of your corps now on this side up to General Howard's, and, with the two corps, move out to the brigade at Kyle's over Nancy's Creek, leaving the other corps to cross at Pace's, or to follow the first if unable to effect a crossing at Pace's. All your army should be on Nancy's Creek to-night. General Schofield and General McPherson moved at daylight.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Lot Numbers 165, our map, east of Chattahoochee River,

July 17, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Schofield has just been here and describes his position as on Nancy's Creek, his pickets on south side, near Cross Keys, about the lots 304, 315, and 316.

General McPherson is on the road from Roswell to Decatur, his advance about lot 326, about a mile above General Schofield. General Schofield says that the road represented on our maps as from Roswell to Buck Head is a broad, well traveled road and has a branch about lot Numbers 94, leading to Pace's Ferry. This corresponds with what General Corse tells, me, that you found a large road branching to the left soon after leaving Pace's Ferry. It is well to mark this road, as it may be useful to us General Howard can take a good road from here to Buck Head, starting at his present front and moving southeast to the main road from Roswell to Buck Head, just before it crosses Nancy's Creek. Approaching Buck Head from this quarter about the same time that Generals Schofield and McPherson get to the Peach Tree from the east, will of course relieve any pressure you may encounter on the main road.

General Schofield will move early for the Peach Tree road in front of Cross Keys, and take post about lots 239, 247, and 272, with pickets forward as far as 196, and General McPherson will seek for position in the valley of North Fork of Peach Tree, about 267, 266, 284, 285, and send General Garrard to break the road and telegraph.

You should leave a corps in front of Donaldson's, and have the other two as early as possible at and in front of Buck Head. Then fell down strong to Peach Tree and see what is there. A vigorous demonstration should be made, and caution your commanders not to exhibit any of the signs of a halt or pause, as in that event too much resistance would be made on the other flank. You know the reasons for the utmost activity to-night, and before joining General Schofield in the morning I will point out to General Hoard the road by which he can reach Buck Head in five miles from here. Give orders as soon as any head of column reaches Buck Head to feel up the Peach Tree road for General Schofield, who will surely be in position before your troops can be.

I am, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

