HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 17, 1864-10.45 p. m.

Brigadier General W. G. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I have just received Special Field Orders, Numbers 36, Military Division of the Mississippi, with accompanying memorandum, and department order to commence the execution of that order at daybreak. If I were able to superintend the movements of my troops to-morrow in person I would probably need no explanation; but as I fear I will not be, I beg such directions in regard to the movements of my divisions, and such information as to what is expected of Hooker and Howard, as will enable me to accomplish what is expected of me by orders from him, supervised by General Johnson. I may add that if it is intended to maintain the right of our line on the Chattahoochee River, Davis now substantially holds up to Peach Tree Creek, and it will but remain for me to push Johnson in connection with Davis over Nancy's Creek to the ridge beyond.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Vining's Station, Ga., July 17, 1864.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you this day cross the Chattahoochee River with the Twentieth Corps at Pace's Ferry after the Fourteenth Corps has crossed.

The Fourteenth Corps will, after crossing, be posted as follows: one division in column on the road leading from Pace's Ferry to the bridge over Peach Tree Creek, the head of the column at the bridge; another division in column on he road from Pace's Ferry to Buck Head, with the head of column at Kyle's Bridge over Nancy's Creek; the third division in reserve at the fork of the above-named roads. The Fourth Corps is in line in front of Powers' Ferry, connecting on the left with the Twenty-third Corps. After crossing your corps the major-general commanding directs that you post your corps somewhere between the road from Pace's Ferry to Kyle's Bridge and the Fourth Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Near Vining's Station, Ga., July 17, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that the brigade of Jeff. C. Davis' division will be removed to-night or to-morrow

11 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

