
ready gone into camp, or else he would have bivouacked near you; he is waiting, momentarily expecting to hear from General Thomas' operations at Pace's, and will be happy to see you here.

I am, general, with much regard, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 17, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I find General Cox and you are so far apart that it is not worth while for you to try to connect your pickets. The distance is from three to four miles. I presume the same is true with reference to General Thomas. Make your position strong, and rely on yourself. To-morrow we move through Cross Keys toward Decatur. The road Cox is on leads directly to Cross Keys; yours to Atlanta. There may be an old road leading from your position to or near Cross Keys or Decatur, leaving Buck Head to your right. Find such a road, if possible, and let me know all about it. We march at 6 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Isham's, Ga., July 17, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Colonel CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Brigade;

SIR: You will move your brigade at 9 o'clock this morning to the position indicated to you a few days ago, on the hill covering the bridge on this side. You will strongly intrench a position for the brigade, so that it may be prepared for any raid of the enemy's cavalry whether on this or the other side of the river. Rifle-pits will be dug in the bottom lands on both sides of the river, so as to protect the immediate heads of the bridge by detachments, and the most thorough means will be taken by you to guard the bridge itself, and the trains which may be parked near it. A battery of artillery will be put in position with you by Major Wells, chief of artillery, and will then be under your orders till further directions. If it is found necessary to occupy more than one of the hills, each position will be carefully intrenched, and the general position will be held at all hazards.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Thomason's, July 17, 1864-11.20 a. m.

Colonel J. W. REILLY,

Commanding First Brigade:

SIR: Your dispatch received. Keep the bulk of your brigade on commanding ground, covering the forks where you now are, and make reconnaissance with smaller force upon each fork. It cannot be more

