
JULY 17, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: General McPherson with one corps is at the crossing of Nancy's Creek on the Decatur road, one mile from Cross Keys. His right is not more than a mile from Reilly's left.

I am, very respectfully,

WM. J. TWINING,

Lieutenant of Engineers.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, July 17, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a sketch* of my position, together with a report from Brigadier General K. Garrard, giving the position of his troops and his operations for to-day. We have met nothing but cavalry, and few of them, except in front of Doge on the Atlanta and Roswell road, where Dibrell's brigade, with one or two pieces of artillery, was posted to check an advance across Nancy's Creek. They gave way, however, very easily when doge's infantry and artillery came up to the support of the Ninth Illinois, mounted, Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips commanding, and we had no difficulty in pushing our skirmishers across the creek and onto the opposite ridge. They had all the main roads, by-roads, lanes, and paths picketed, and in many cases it looks as through it was more to prevent their own men from escaping than to give notice of our advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,July 17, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am in camp about a mile on the left of your line. I left Colonel Long with two regiments of his brigade at the bridge to picket the Stone Mountain and the Pinckney road, and to guard the brigade. Colonel Minty's left rests near Buchanan's, and the Peach tree road, and all roads leaving from the Peach Tree road toward the river on the left are picketed. Patrols have been out well to the front, and find but few rebels, and most of their tracks lead toward Atlanta or Buck Head. i learn since being here that there are two Cross Keys. The one on the maps is the old one, where there was a post-officer some years since, but the name and the post-office were transferred to the present position, some four miles to the east. This will account for the fact that both you and I are so near Cross Keys. We are some four or five miles east of the point laid down on the map as Cross Keys, and about where we were ordered. Buchanan's is only one house. Please send this to General McPherson. My headquarters are on a road leading out from your left, or about half a mile in front of a road leading just behind your line, near the house of a Mr. Chester.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

