
IV. Brigadier-General Harrow will cause one brigade to march in rear of the entire train as rear guard.

V. Division commanders will not permit straggling from the ranks on any account.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 176. In the Field, July 17, 1864.

* * *

III. Brigadier General W. Q. Gresham, commanding Fourth Division will have the advance to-morrow, and will move his command promptly at 6 a. m. on the Decatur road to Widow Rainey's; thence on the Stone Mountain road to Peach Tree Creek at Blake's Mill, following the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, July 18, 1864-11.25 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Chattahoochee River, Ga.:

I have seen your dispatches objecting to agents of Northern States opening recruiting stations near your camps. An act of Congress authorizes this, giving the appointment of agents to the Sates, and not to the Executive Government. It is not for the War Department, or myself, to restrain or modify the law, in its execution, further than actual necessity may requires. To be candid, I was for the passage of the law, not apprehending at the time that it would produce such inconvenience to the armies in the field as you now cause me to fear. Many of the States were very anxious for it, and I hoped that, with their State bounties, and active exertions, they would get our substantial additions to our colored forces, which, unlike white recruits, help us where they come from, as well as where they go to. I still hope advantage from the law; and being a law, it must be treated as such by all of us. We here will do what we consistently can to save you from difficulties arising out of it. May I ask, therefore, that you will give your hearty co-operation.

A. LINCOLN.

NEAR CROSS KEYS, GA.,

July 18, 1864-7 p. m. (Received 10.45 a. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We moved to-day rapidly and General McPherson reached the Atlanta and Augusta road at a point seven miles east of Decatur and four miles from Stone Mountain. General Garrard's cavalry at once set to work to break up road and was re-enforced by Brigadier General Morgan L.

