
Buck head. Both Generals Hooker and Howard will push their skirmishers down toward Peach Tree Creek in the direction of Atlanta. General Palmer wa somewhat delayed because the enemy,d destroyed all the bridges across Nancy's Creek, but he has been threatening and advancing continually, so that your orders have been carried out. Prisoners taken his morning report that the main body of the enemy retired last night in some hurry, as they understood, because it was reported we were crossing the river below.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 18, 1864-7.50 p. m.

GENERAL: This dispatch was forwarded to you this p. m. at 2.15 o'clock, but the orderly has just returned after going as far as General Schofield's left without being able to hear anything as to your where-about. I start it out again in hopes it will reach you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

VINING'S SIGNAL STATION, July 18, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD:

Prepare to move at daylight. Will send order by courier.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Buck Head, Ga., July 18, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Newton left camp 4.30 o'clock this morning, followed by the other divisions. Just as skirmishers emerged from the pine woods, before reaching Nancy's Creek, the rebels opened with artillery, which seemed to be a section supported by cavalry. They occupied a good elevated position across the creek, having burned the bridge. On this account they were able to hold us in check some little time. They gave way as soon as we got our artillery into a good position. We extinguished the fire, saved a portion of the bridge, and reconstructed it. During the rest of the march to this place the rebel cavalry made quite stubborn resistance. It was a Kentucky brigade under Williams. At once place regular barricades were constructed of logs and covered with boughs. When our men approached to within 150 yards they received a volley, but in this case as in several others the skirmishers cheered and charged them out. We have had 5 men wounded; none reported killed. Two officers fell into our hands, 1 a lieutenant-colonel, killed and a captain, severely wounded. I posted my command as directed, in advance of the Turner's Ferry road along the main ridge, all but one brigade, which was posted on the left of the Roswell Factory and Atlanta road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

