
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 19, 1864-10 a. m.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Sherman for his information. This was received about ten minutes since.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Railroad Bridge, July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that it was impossible for me to encamp one brigade at the place selected at Pace's Ferry, because the roads were crowded with and all places where there was water occupied by wagon trains. I have encamped both brigades in the vicinity of the fort, and am [on] the Pace's Ferry road and picketing the river. Our infantry skirmishers are near the creek on the other bank, but the rebel sharpshooters are still on the abutments and on the bank below. I will put in rifle-pits to-night and try to move them out to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

I discovered the rebels working on a new work this afternoon. It is below Sutermeister's, and will enfilade him. I told him to cut the trees away and open on it in the morning.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 18, 1864.

Captain LE ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division:

The scouting party ordered to Turner's Ferry has just returned. I found a strong picket-line on opposite side of the Chattahoochee, evidently cavalry, which seem to have recently taken their present position. The earth-work about one mile and a half from Fort McCook is constructed for six guns. No guns visible. No boat of any description found upon the river. No party of the enemy has crossed the river except six or eight footmen belonging to Cheatham's division, of whom 2 were captured by Major Carter, in command of dismounted cavalry, at Turner's Ferry, and from which probably originated the report that the enemy had crossed between the mouth of Peach Tree Creek and Turner's Ferry. Major Carter has 500 dismounted cavalry at Turner's Ferry, and pickets the river from that point to the mouth of Nickajack.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DORR,

Colonel, Commanding.

