HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith Special Field Orders, Numbers 37, current series, Military Division of the Mississippi.* The commanding general directs that the Twenty-third Corps move at 5 a. m. to-morrow, in accordance with the within order, General Hascall in advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Nancy's Creek, July 18, 1864-4.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: In order to carry out the instructions of Major-General Sherman for to-day, I shall have to move General Dodge, who is nearest you, and in fact my whole command, to the east and south, which will widen the space between us. General Dodge commences his movement at 6 a. m., and will move to the left on this side of Nancy's Creek about one mile and a quarter from his present position, cross the creek and strike into the Peach Tree road about two and a half or three miles from where you strike it, passing through Cross Keys.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, on Peach Tree Road, July 18, 1864-12 m.

General McPHERSON:

I am at Sam. House's, a brick house well known, and near Old Cross Keys. A sick negro, the only human being left on the premises, says we are eleven miles from Atlanta, five from Buck Head, and a sign board says ten miles to McAgee's Bridge and eleven to Roswell Factory. At this place the main Buck Head and Atlanta road is strongly marked and forks, the right-hand looking north going to McAgee's, and the left to Roswell Factory. This left-hand road forks one miles from here, at Old Cross Keys, the main road going to Roswell and left-hand to Johnson's Ferry. The latter is the road traveled by us. I suppose all of Thomas' troops are at Buck Head, with advance guard down to Peach Tree Creek. I think I will move Schofield one mile and half toward Buck Head, where the negro represents a road to decatur and forward on that road a mile or so. I think Sam. House's is not far from the northwest corner of lot 273, and if I move him as contemplated he will be to-night about 202, 203. On our map a road comes from the direction of McAgee's toward Decatur, and if you can find position about 192, 191 it would best fulfill my purpose, but be careful to order Garrard to break the road to-day or to-night and report result

---------------

*See p. 179.

---------------

