HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 2, 1864. (Received 11.40 p.m.)

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: There is reason to believe that the enemy intends to withdraw to-night. The major-general commanding therefore directs that you feel the enemy at some point of your line to-night and in the morning for the purpose of ascertaining whether he has done so. It will not do to attempt any night movements with large forces, because confusion would result, but the prepared at break of day to act according to the very best information we can gain to-night. General Schofield has been re-enforced by one division from General McPherson. Brigadier-General Harrow reports that as he was about to withdraw from his position, according to orders, the enemy advanced in column from the mountain and formed line of battle at his picket-line at 8 p.m. This is thought by General Sherman to be a blind to cover their retreat. General Harrow has, however, been ordered not to withdraw now, but to feel the enemy and ascertain what he is about. General Howard will also be ordered to feel the enemy in his front between this and midnight, if it can be done so soon. Please do the same on your front between now and midnight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Howard.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 2, 1864.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Corps:

GENERAL: There is reason to believe that the enemy intends to withdraw to-night at least from his present position on Kenesaw and in front of our left. The major-general commanding therefore directs that you feel him to-night and in the morning at some point in front of your line for the purpose of ascertaining his intentions, and be prepared at daylight to follow him up should he have moved.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel CARMAN:

Please see that the picket-line feel repeatedly the rebel line, as directed last evening. If any indications of movement are observed, report at once. Return this by bearer.

A. S. W[ILLIAMS],

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: A vigorous demonstrations was made by the artillery of the corps, the skirmishers, and such portions of the main line as are in

