HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Buck Head, Ga., July 18, 1864-9 p. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for July 19, 1864, unless changed in orders to-night:

The following-mentioned reconnaissances will be made by division commanders of this corps to-morrow, each to start from camp at 6 a. m.:

I. Major-General Stanley, with one of his brigades, will move on the Decatur road as far as the north fork of Peach Tree Creek.

II. General Newton, with his reserve regiments, will move on the road next to and on the left of the Atlanta road as far as the north fork of Peach Tree Creek.

III. General Wood, with one of his reserve brigades, will move on the Atlanta road as far as Peach Tree Creek.

It is desired that the skirmish lines be strong, and that the lines of the divisions be started simultaneously, but subsequently the connection need not be kept up.

The major-general commanding will accompany the reconnaissance on the Atlanta road, and the reconnaissance on the other roads will regulate on this one.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, ON PEACH TREE, GA., Numbers 71. July 18, 1864.

* * *

III. In accordance with instructions from Military Division of the Mississippi, the following movements will be made to-morrow:

1. Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will, at 5 o'clock, move his command toward Decatur, striking the railroad at the nearest point on his route, tearing up track, burning the ties, making the destruction complete and effectual.

2. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will, at 5 o'clock, move toward Decatur, following the command of General Loan, via Henderson's Mill, or by an intermediate route between the positions of General Logan and General Dodge, if a practicable road can be found. Should General Blair discover a road intermediate, leading to the railroad, his men will also be employed in tearing up tracks, burning ties, twisting rials, &amp;c.

3. Major-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will, at 5 o'clock, move forward across the creek toward Decatur, striking the railroad east of that place, and employing his troops in the effectual destruction of the road.

4. Brigadier-General, commanding cavalry division, will, at 5 o'clock, move eastward along the line of the railroad, in the vicinity of Stone Mountain, continuing its destruction as far as possible

5. The several corps of this command will pursue the line of march toward Decatur, keeping up communication with each other as far as practicable, converging at that point and continuing their work until night, when the lines will be closed on General Schofield about Pea Vine and Decatur.

6. Should indications of a heavy battle be heard, each corps will move to the right and close in on General Schofield, but not otherwise.

