
7. Corps commanders will see that sufficient wagons are brought forward from their trains to supply their troops with three days' rations. Empty wagons will be sent back for supplies and all trains will move under proper guards.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 19, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: If you think it advisable that Major-General Stoneman should be speedily provided with the means of crossing the river, I would respectfully suggest that inasmuch as General Howard has now a trestle bridge, there is no necessity for General McPherson's bridge to remain longer at Powers' Ferry, and it could be spared to General Stoneman. This would be better than dividing my bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 19, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I have you note of to-day about the pontoon bridge. You will remember you promised to save one bridge of pontoons of the enemy, and I thought that would be laid at Pace's, the most easily drawn from for the use of Stoneman, but I will let Stoneman go without, for I doubt whether we can get cavalry to cross the river as long as the enemy chooses to picket it. I am intensely anxious to hear your position and whether, if we engaged the enemy to-morrow, you can lend us a hand. I am satisfied both forks of Peach Tree above the forks can be forded, and I cannot hear that Howard is across even the Middle Fork. McPherson has broken the railroad to Decatur and occupied Decatur. Schofield is on a road from Doctor Powell's to Atlanta, his advance a mile and a half down the road at the Pea Vine. I beg you to send me a sketch of the position of your troops, that I may know whether to move to-morrow directly on Atlanta. If not already done, Howard should prepare bridges across both branches of Peach Tree to-night, that in case we become heavily engaged to-morrow you can re-enforce us. What about the report of Stoneman about the enemy crossing the Chattahoochee westward at Sweet Water? I think it was a party sent to prevent Stoneman's return from West Point, whither they supposed he had gone. General Corse is not yet back, but I look for him all the time.

I am, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

