
will cross immediately on Wood's right. The troops are all pressing forward. All my troops were between Nancy's and Peach Tree Creek last night, and your orders of yesterday were thoroughly executed.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Decatur, Ga., July 19, 1864.

General THOMAS,

Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just received General Stoneman's note with your indorsement. I cannot reconcile his information with what I see and hear; yet it is possible that the enemy is crossing enforce at the mouth of Sweet Water. I think it is the cavalry by way of diversion. Please send to General Stoneman again and see if he has ascertained the truth; and if you deem it necessary you can send your right corps across at Powers' Ferry and interpose between the enemy and our bridges, as also Marietta. Stoneman and McCook have force enough to check any movement of cavalry, and there is a good force of infantry at Marietta and Kenesaw, to which place information should be promptly sent.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 19, 1864-4.45 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Your note dated near Decatur is received. General Wood is across Peach Tree Creek on the main road to Atlanta and pushing forward. General Geary is crossing now immediately on Wood's right. General Davis has crossed at two points, near Moore's Mill and Howell's Mill. All are ordered to push for Atlanta. It appears to me this movement will relieve General Schofield in his move on Decatur. Your order, however, to General Howard has been between Nancy's Creek and Peach Tree Creek, the place where your ordered them, ever since 12 o'clock yesterday, and by sundown yesterday Palmer's skirmishers were on the bank of Peach Tree Creek covering all the crossings toward Atlanta, and the enemy continually pressed at all points.

I have given orders that the troops move forward at daybreak to-morrow morning for Atlanta.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteer, Commanding.

P. S.-An Atlanta paper of to-day has been captured by Wood's force which reports Opelika was captured yesterday and corroborates the report that Johnston has been relieved by Hood.

G. H. THOMAS.

