HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 19, 1864-7 p. m.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: I have this moment received yours of 3.30, and am very glad to hear that Howard has the means to cross over to Schofield in case of need. We have had some skirmishing and abundant evidence that the whole of the rebel army is about Atlanta. The fortifications lie mostly behind the Chattahoochee and Peach Tree, and my brief is we can approach from the east with certainly of getting within cannon reach of the town, in which case it cannot be held; but to push Schofield and McPherson on the place without a certainty of your being able to effect a junction would be extra hazardous. Schofield is on a road leading from Doctor Powell's directly to Atlanta. McPherson has a corps in Decatur and the balance just northeast. Some of the enemy's cavalry retreated east. Garrard has gone east to break railroad. I am near Doctor Powell's Before I issue my orders I want to hear that you command is where it can take part in the battle if offered outside of Atlanta. If Hood fights behind forts close to the town, I will swing in between Atlanta and the river; but if he fight outside, we must accept battle. Please to-night give me the fullest description according to the official map.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Howell's Mill, Peach Tree Creek, Ga., July 19, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the following movements of the troops of the Army of the Cumberland have been made this day: The division of Brigadier-General Davis and Baird, of the Fourteenth Army Corps; Brigadier-General Geary, of the Twentieth Corps, and Brigadier-General Wood, of the Fourth Corps have crossed the Peach Tree Creek and established themselves on the south side. The division of Major-General Stanley, of the Fourth Corps, will probably get across to-night, and I have given orders for all the columns to press forward toward Atlanta at daylight in the morning. The crossing was effected by Brigadier-Generals Davis' and Wood's divisions in the face of considerable opposition by the rebels. Not so much resistance was offered to Brigadier-Generals Geary and Baird, and Brigadier-General Johnson was prevented from crossing by a mill pond in his front.

Inclosed herewith I send a Memphis Appeal of this date.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 19, 1864-8.10 p. m.

General THOMAS:

Good for Rousseau! Move for Atlanta at daylight, trying to connect with Schofield two miles east of Atlanta. He will move on the road from Howell's to Atlanta; McPherson by the main road, following sub-

