
stantially the railroad. The confusion resulting from my misunderstanding your position resulted from want of information. I supposed your central corps to be on the main road from Buck Head to Atlanta, the right corps extending to the mouth of Nancy's Creek, and the left Howard, up along the Peach Tree road. The road laid down on the map from Buck Head, crossing Peach Tree in lot 155, where Stanley now is, intersects another to Atlanta, crossing the South Fork, which is much the smaller of the two, and easily fordable at lot 57. That road would connect your left with Schofield at the very point needed. On that road I know Howard could meet no forts or barricades, but on the direct road I have no doubt forts will be met. With McPherson, Howard, and Schofield, I would have ample to fight the whole of Hood's army, leaving you to walk into Atlanta, capturing guns and everything. But with Schofield and McPherson alone, the gang will not be so certain. I would like to have Stanley's and Newton's divisions follow that route, and let Wood go ahead, as he is across, and effect the junction at some point near Pea Vine, say two or three miles northeast of Atlanta. At all events, now that I fell satisfied you can get across Peach Tree, and as I think the opportunity the best, I will order the universal movement on Atlanta at daylight. Communicate with me as often as possible. I will be with Schofield, the center.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

AT SUTERMEISTER'S BATTERY,

July 19, 1864-11.15 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

The battery being erected by the rebels is down the river, with two embrasures bearing in that direction. It is two miles from Sutermeister and not intrenched to fire on his work. The bridge we saw across a creek above the railroad is still there, and therefore I don't think it can be Peach Tree Creek, as Davis' skirmishers were ordered to the mouth of that creek. A deserter from the rebels at General McCook's reports belonging to Cheatham's division, which left the large fort and other works at about 6 p. m. yesterday.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

I will ascertain something positive as to the creek. Rebel skirmishers are pretty strong and quite this morning.

J. M. B.

If the creek we see from here is Peach Tree Creek, then our right (Davis') is not on it.

J. M. B.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,July 19, 1864-7.40 a. m.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Wood made a reconnaissance as directed, reaching the vicinity of Peach Tree Creek at 6.30 a. m. I am with the recon-

