
naissance. Bridge is burned. A pretty fair infantry work constructed as a bridge-head beyond and manned with infantry. No artillery opened by enemy yet. He made a demonstration as if to turn our right, pushing out a line of skirmishers in a corn-field. They ran back as our artillery opened. There is a considerable smoke on the main ridge half a mile toward Atlanta, but no main work, except near the bridge and river.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Peach Tree Creek, July 19, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department:

General Wood reached Peach Tree Creek at 6.30 a. m. He found the bridge burned and a pretty fair bridge-head on the other side constructed for infantry. There is a considerable smoke on the ridge half a mile toward Atlanta, but no other earth-works appear except those mentioned. No artillery has yet opened.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Buck Head, Ga., July 19, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Chief of Staff:

After my previous note the enemy opened on General Wood with artillery. General Stanley made a reconnaissance on the Decatur road. He finds the bridge across the North Fork burning and very little force to oppose him. General Newton sent a regiment on the intermediate road to a point near the mouth of North fork and finds infantry with works about to the extent of a brigade. I have directed General Stanley to put a force across North Fork if possible, and to secure and repair the bridge. The crossing at General Wood's position is the most difficult of any, and I think impracticable with any considerable force on the other side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 19, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7.40 received. The general commanding directs that you push forward as fast as possible in the direction of Atlanta.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. P. WILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

