
sight of the enemy's works. The demonstration closed between 6 and 7. The enemy did not reply by artillery and kept his infantry pretty well concealed, though there was quite a return fire. Major Angle, of the Ninetieth Ohio, General Stanley's skirmish officer, was killed during the action.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., July 2, 1864-11.40 p.m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division:

In accordance with instructions just received from department headquarters you will at once feel the enemy at some point in your front for the purpose of discovering whether he is withdrawing. There is reason to believe that he is doing so either for the purpose of retreating or to attack General Schofield. If you find him stilling our front and no change in his position again feel him very early in the morning. It will not do to attempt any night movements with a large force, but be prepared at daybreak, to act according to such information as you may gain to-night.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTER FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Kenesaw Mountain, July 2, 1864-11.40 p.m.

General NEWTON:

There is reason to believe that the enemy is retreating to-night. Major-General Stanley has just been instructed to feel him for the purpose of discovering whether this supposition is correct. You will have your troops prepared at break of day to follow him (the enemy) if he has gone. Please report any movements that you may discover in your front.

By order of Major-General Howard;

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Wood.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, July 2, 1864.

General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Now is the time for the raid to Opelika. Telegraph me whether you go yourself or who will command. Forrest is in Mississippi, and Roddey has also gone there. All other rebel cavalry is here.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

