HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,July 19, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I have ascertained that the rebel party that crossed the river last night near the mouth of Sweet Water Creek, probably recrossed this morning, as I cannot hear of their having gone northward, nor that they brought over any horses. The enemy's pickets near Turner's Ferry and the mouth of Nickajack were very active and unusually spiteful all night and this morning, and I have strengthened the line, keeping full all night and this morning, and I have strengthened the line, keeping a limited reserve at the most central position. He appears strongest near the mouth of Sweet Water, a large cavalry camp being there.

I learn that several parties of several hundred in each party made their appearance in the country we passed over, crossing at Campbellton after we left there, three days ago. The enemy have facilities for crossing, as he has all the boats near the mouth of Sweet Water watching the force opposite, another near the mouth of Nickajack, the dismounted men at Turner's Ferry, all connecting. My remaining force, acting as a reserve, and to guard our communications, is at and near the Widow Mitchell's, and from this I also send out scouts beyond the Sweet Water Town bridge. I will keep you, and through you, the commanding general, informed of everything of importance as it transpires.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Forwarded to General Sherman by General Thomas.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, at Sam. House's, July 19, 1864-1 a. m.

General McPHERSON:

DEAR GENERAL: I have just received your report and papers, and have read them all. The breaking the road is all right. Now we must look after Joe Johnston. Move to-day toward Decatur and co-operate with Schofield and Thomas. Schofield's advance is across Peach Tree, on the direct road to Decatur, and met little opposition. We will develop their plans to-morrow. Schofield will move early, and Thomas will press for the front. I will be near Peach Tree Creek, where the Cross (Old) Keys road crosses by a ford and bridge, which is being repaired. You had better approach Decatur from the northeast; the Lawrenceville road seems to fulfill the conditions. I will see you about Decatur to-day.

Yours, truly,

SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Decatur, July 19, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee;

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that General Stoneman reports the enemy as crossing in force about the

