
mouth of Sweet Water Creek from east to west. He advises you to get your trains on this side of the river and give such directions as to be prepared for any cavalry dash at Roswell to-night.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[JULY 19, 1864.-For Garrard to McPherson, reporting operations, &amp;c., see Part II, p. 808.

CAMP ON PEACH TREE CREEK,

July 19, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Right of line in nearly same position as at date my last. Center advance to Peach Tree Creek; left swing round, destroying railroad from point near Stone Mountain to Decatur, at Turner's, which was manifest blunder. Should have said Howell's. Rebel left is at Turner's and right at point between Atlanta and Decatur, on Augusta railroad. Johnston is relieved by Hood. Jeff. Davis, Bragg, and Johnston went east together four days since. Resistance more determined to-day, and we find infantry line and intrenchments threatened.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 39. In the Field, near Decatur, Ga., July 19, 1864.

The whole army will move on Atlanta by the most direct roads to-morrow, July 20, beginning at 5 a. m., as follows:

I. Major-General Thomas from the direction of Buck Head, his left to connect with General Schofield's right about two miles northeast of Atlanta, about lot 15, near the houses marked as "Hu." and "Colonel Hoo."

II. Major-General Schofield by the road leading from Doctor Powell's to Atlanta.

III. Major-General McPherson will follow one or more roads direct from Decatur to Atlanta, following substantially the railroad.

Each army commander will accept battle on anything like fair terms, but if the army reach within cannon-range of the city without receiving artillery or musketry fire he will halt, from a strong line, with batteries in position, and await orders. If fired on fro the first or building of Atlanta no consideration must be paid to the fact that they are occupied by families, but the place must be cannonaded without the formality of a demand.

The general-in-chief will be with the center of the army, viz, with or near General Schofield.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

13 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

