
remain at Atlanta, and they are not demoralized. They have fought hard and persistently all day, and the heavy musketry fire still continues with Howard and Schofield. I do not hear McPherson's guns now. I will send him your letter, but fear his answer will be that he has all the rebels on his flank. I think he is already impressed with the importance of pressing hard on that flank. If we cannot break in, we must move by the right flank and interpose between the river and Atlanta, and operate against the road south. If you can advance your whole line, say to within three miles of Atlanta, I can throw a force that quarter you may call for Stoneman's and McCook's men, and let them come across by Pace's and march down this bank. My own opinion is that in the morning you will find the forts on the Chattahoochee abandoned, and think you will have no difficulty in pushing your line up close to Atlanta. At all events, try it. I will send your and Stoneman's letters to McPherson, but think the opportunity of operating on that flank, if it did exist, is now past.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH ARMY CORPS, INSPECTOR'S OFFICE,Near Durand's Mill, on Peach Tree Cree

(South Fork), Ga., July 20, 1864.

Colonel MENDENHALL,

Assistant Inspector-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the divisions of Stanley and Wood crossed the South Fork of Peach Tree Creek to-day near Durand's Mill, and are now in position, with the left upon the Atlanta road and the right near the mouth of South Fork Peach Tree Creek. General Newton occupies the position taken by General Wood yesterday, south of the creek on the main Buck Head and Atlanta road, having gained some ground All have had some hard fighting with the enemy's infantry and artillery. Stanley connects with General Schofield on his left, and Wood connects with King on the right. Just after dark Grose's brigade captured 42 prisoners, among them a captain belonging to Stevenson's division, Cheatham's corps (Hood's). Gibson's brigade crossed the south fork of the creek after sunset, and forms Wood's extreme right, near the junction of the two forks. Please mention this latter to General Thomas, as it was not so reported in General Howard's communication.

Respectfully,

C. H. HOWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

JULY 20, 1864-8.15 a. m.

General WHIPPLE:

I sent a staff officer to General Hooker, who reports Geary's division only over, distant three-quarters to one mile from my right. General Hooker is to send another division to the left of Geary. As soon as this

