
enemy in strong force in our front. General Stanley drove the rebel skirmishers first from rail barricades, afterward from well-constructed rifle-pits. The enemy opened on him with musketry and artillery General Stanley has deployed two brigades and General Wood two. General Wood's right brigade occupies General Stanley's position of last night on the other side of North Fork. General Newton's operations for the day have not reported officially. Prisoners taken from Cheatham's and Stevenson's divisions.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

Written after dusk; can't see.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 20, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Please instruct your brigade commanders to be on the lookout for movements of the enemy to-night. If he withdraws follow him up, if possible, and annoy him as much as you can. This in accordance with instructions received from Major-General Sherman.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar verbal instructions given to General Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Howell's Mill, near Peach Tree Creek, July 20, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following extract from a letter from Major-General Sherman* is sent for your information and guidance. You will follow this order should it be at variance with that given you yesterday by the major-general commanding.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Buck Head, Ga., July 20, 1864-6 a. m.

Brigadier-General NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division:

In accordance with instructions just received, you will mover toward Atlanta along the main road, as previously directed. You will keep up communication with General Hooker's command. General Wood is

---------------

* See Sherman to Thomas, July 19, beginning with "The road laid down on the map" and ending "say two or three miles northeast of Atlanta, p. 186.

---------------

