
directed to follow General Stanley. You will rather consider yourself detached, reporting when possible directly to department headquarters. As soon as it can be done the other two divisions will be pushed back to a connection with you. From present appearances the battle will be fought by the forces to your left.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 20, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding does not desire that you should build a wagon bridge in front of Johnson. If he has the means of crossing his infantry at the bridge you speak of in your communication, that is all he desires. The artillery and wagons can be crossed at General Geary's bridge, or at one of the others you have built, or both. Inclosed I send copy of Special Field Orders, Numbers 39, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, and return your letter, that you may have it copied at your leisure.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 20, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The enemy cling with great obstinacy to our right. The colonel Thirty-fourth Illinois report on Davis' front two lines of skirmishers and heavy columns of infantry moving to the right of Davis. Davis and just gone to see to it. Baird and Johnson are across the creek. Davis has one brigade on this side. There is skirmishers all along my front; heaviest on my right.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 20, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a brigade at least to support General Newton on the left at once. If it is possible for you to send a division or even two brigades, he desires you to do so. You will make your present position secure and send what force you can. The brigade must be sent at once, and be in position as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

