
the major-general commanding is from what he has seen and knows personally, that our loss is very light, while the rebels have lost many in killed and wounded, and those taken prisoners. General Ward, Twentieth Army Corps, reports having captured 2 stand of colors and many prisoners, and hopes to capture a whole regiment which has got into rather a tight to get our safely.

Major-General Sherman has written a note to the major-general commanding stating that Generals McPherson, Schofield, and Howard with two divisions of his corps, are pressing on to Atlanta, and at that time (3 p. m.) could not be more than from one mile and a half to two miles and a half distant from the city. If this report of the positions of the troops named be as stated, it is expected that we can secure many prisoners on our left, as it will be impossible for them to get away with our force in their rear.

Everything has progressed satisfactorily, and the enemy has been gloriously thrashed.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 20, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

A negro who was taken prisoner with Colonel Streight, has just come in, and, I think, brings reliable information, and, if reliable, is very important, to wit, that Johnston is retreating in haste along the Macon road. A captain who deserted and comes to us, says that Johnston cannot go by the way of West Point, as the gauge is different the other side of the river from this side. The negro says that our operations in the direction of Campbellton and Moore's Bridge caused the greatest stampede; that Jackson's division has gone to the Blue Mountain in Alabama; that he saw Wheeler near Campbellton, and that he has his whole force near there and below; that there is no force in Atlanta but the "new issue" (militia); that the army is utterly demoralized and easily frightened. The negro says he is in the Eighth Texas Regiment, Colonel Harrison's brigade, Hume's division. He has seen General Johnston often, and a short time since had his headquarters at white house, four miles from Atlanta, on or near the railroad; he wears a broad brim hat, has a gray beard and a dutch looking face; and Hood's headquarters were and are always near by. I send him to you and give you these items in order that by cross-questions he may be detached if he is unreliable; further, that there is no sick or wounded now in Atlanta. He confirms the reports of the rebels stripping our men as soon as taken prisoners. Ask him to describe to you Streight's surrender to Forrest. I should like to have him sent back as a guide when we cross the river. We are ready to cross whenever the bridge is finished, or to, cross where the bridge now is, and push down the river from Thomas' right, which I think we can easily do.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

