
Ours maps are all wrong and the quicker we can get our surveys up and publish the better. I will look to Schofield and McPherson to-morrow.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 21, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMan,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Major-General Palmer reports this evening that Brigadier-General Johnson's reconnaissance, pushing near John's, resulted in the capture of 29 prisoners from Stewart's corps, French's division, and was checked by artillery from what a very candid seeming prisoner reports was a fortified line. He says Stewart's corps is on that line. Johnson has a strong line half a mile from the artillery. Baird is on his right. General Palmer is satisfied that there is a fortified line from the river along the railroad some distance, thence east along his front and up to that point is held by Stewart's corps. The skirmishing was sharp. Our loss probably will not exceed 50. I have ordered Palmer to fortify, Johnson's and Baird's present positions and have them push out again to-morrow as far as they can without bringing on a battle. I have also ordered Brigadier-General McCook to send a brigade across the river to-morrow morning to relieve General Davis' pickets along Peach Tree Creek, and when that is done for Davis to mass his division on Baird's right.

Yours, very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- Report from General Palmer at 7.30 states that he had a conversant with "Tippen" which confirms his previous impression that the rebel works extend to the river and are held in force. The rebel guns were fired yesterday from the high hill that overlooks Atlanta. Prisoners say that our shells yesterday fell into Atlanta, producing great consternation. They also say that General Stevens, commanding a brigade, was killed, and not Stevenson.

Davis's skirmishers advanced to-day as far as the Marietta and Atlanta road. The enemy's skirmish line was formed along the railroad.

G. H. T.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: That portion of the enemy's works between the South Fork and the main Peach Tree Creek was evacuated last night. General Stanley and Wood moved forward, wheeling to the left until within musketry range of the enemy's works. The left brigade of Stanley's division, having been close up to that line, did not move. From General Wood's right the enemy's is line visible to the extent of one mile.

