
The works seem to have been constructed some time, probably five or six weeks. From Wood's right to Newton's left, in a straight line, is about half a mile. King's brigade is opposite that interval, on the other side of the creek. The casualties in Newton's division were about 100. He has buried in his front about 200 of the rebel dead. Those between the picket-lines were buried by the enemy yesterday evening. The division made a gallant fight and deserves unqualified praise. After my report of yesterday evening Colonel Grose took 27 men and 1 captain prisoners from the skirmish rifle-pits of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you relieve General Wood's two left regiments by one regiment of your division, placing such regiment behind the works on the other side of the ravine that lies between you and General Wood; also to block up the ravine by felling timber and cutting down underbrush as much as you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 21, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

Major-General Stanley has been directed to relieve your two left regiments by a regiment from his division. The object of this is to give you two regiments with which to strengthen your right.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Peach Tree Creek, Ga., July 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the enemy have a continuous line of strong works as the base of the next ridge, about 500 yards in advance of my line. I sent out two regiments to develop the enemy and found that the works were full. They are very strongly constructed with head-logs, and if not their main line of works are near it,

