
I think, as the line was constantly re-enforced. I am unable to find the end of the works on the right or left, and I do not think that an isolated attack with my division would be productive of beneficial results.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Forwarded by General Thomas to General Sherman, July 21, 1864.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Peach Tree Creek, Ga., July 21, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your note this morning and also say to you that he approves of your action in pushing forward in search of the enemy. The major-general commanding desires to push up close to him and ascertain, if possible, his whereabouts definitely, but not to run any risk of bringing on a general engagement until your connection with General Hooker's and Howard is completed. Any advantage that you may gain in pushing forward, the major-general commanding desires you to hold on to by intrenching your troops.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my skirmishers have found the enemy 400 or 500 yard in front of my line in considerable force and occupying a strong position. They are intrenched in substantial works with a top-log, and have a skirmish line in their front. Their force I have not developed in accordance with my instructions not to bring on an engagement under present conditions, but it appears to be considerable, and has been sufficient to check my skirmishers.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of this date received. The major-general commanding says get up as close as you can to the enemy's and intrench your position.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

