
Davis' pickets along Peach Tree Creek, to enable General Davis to move his division on General Baird's left. The brigade will have to start very early in order to arrive at the creek in proper time. They will cross Pace's Ferry and take the right-hand road about three-quarters of a mile after crossing. Lieutenant Shaw, aide-de-camp, will show them to position they are to occupy after arriving at the creek.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Durand's Mill, South Fork Peach Tree Creek,

July 21, 1864-2.45 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have one small brigade in reserve, and there is quite a space between my right and Peach Tree Creek. Hood is great for attacking, and I feel it is necessary for safety to retain this brigade in a movable condition. The enemy is in strong force throughout my entire front, also opposite the gap between Wood and Newton (the latter on the Buck Head and Atlanta main road.) The works plainly visible from my right seem to have been constructed for some time. For the above reasons, if you can excuse me, I would prefer not to extend farther to the left.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, July 21, 1864-1 a. m.

General McPHERSON,

Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have yours of 8.45 last evening and regret much the wound which will deprive us of the services of General Gresham. I was in hopes you could have made a closer approach to Atlanta yesterday, as I was satisfied you had a less force and more inferior works than will be revealed by daylight, if, as I suppose, Hood propose to hold Atlanta to the death. All afternoon heavy and desperate sallies were made against Thomas, all along his lines from left to right, particularly heavy against Newton and Geary, but in every instance he was roughly handled; considerable firing has been going on all night along Howard's lines, and still continues. To-morrow I propose to press along the whole line, and try to advance Thomas, so that we will command the Chattahoochee's east bank, and contact our lines by diminishing the circle. I think to-morrow Hood will draw from his left and re-enforce his right. Nevertheless, I deem it necessary that you should gain ground so that your artillery can reach the town easily; say within 1,000 yards of the inner or main lines. I have ordered Garrard to send to Roswell his wagons and impediments and push rapidly and boldly on the bridges across the Yellow River and Ulcofauhachee, near Covington, to be gone two days. Giver orders that in the mean time no trains come up you from Roswell. He will substantially cover the road

