
is infantry, is based upon information received from citizens and the fact that nothing but dismounted men and artillery opposed my advance, and there were no horse tracks to indicate cavalry. I omitted to say in the dispatch I sent this evening the reason why I was too late for a decided attack this afternoon was that the enemy had torn up the bridge across the creek. My men had to get on their flank and drive them from the other side before the bridge could be repaired sufficiently for me to cross. I have a patrol from the right of my line to the river every hour. It has been reported to me from the skirmish line that the enemy are chopping and building works very industriously. If I find their works formidable, I of course will make no assault unless ordered to do so, by the general commanding. I will not, however, be kept back by any slight obstacles. They do not form a continuous line. With the infantry right I have been unable to make any connection. The country is too broken and the woods too dense for mounted men to pass through, except on roads.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION:

As the enemy have evacuated Atlanta, the general commanding directs that you follow up the movement of the right flank of the army until General McCook comes up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 22, 1864-3 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The enemy has abandoned his works in front of General Pascal, and our skirmishers now occupy them. I will send forward a reconnaissance at daylight.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 22, 1864-3.30 a. m.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you make a reconnaissance on the road until you find the whereabouts of the enemy. As soon as the general is informed of the condition of affairs on the right he will send you the information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

