
JULY 2, 1864
General SCHOFIELD:

Don't order back your empty wagons, but have them loaded with bran, rice, hominy, sugar and coffee, and salt, and I will see, if the commissaries have slighted you in distribution of bread rations, that it be made good. I also think it will be safe for your wagons to remain at Big Shanty throughout to-morrow, as Garrard's cavalry (Thomas' left) rear McPherson's column, will cover the place all day. At all events, your teams will have plenty notice in case danger. Can soon gain the cover of Thomas' troops, which remain in position. The enemy evidently detected our movement, and therefore we must act quick. Johnston will either attack in the morning or draw his extreme right "back" to the Chattahoochee. I want his movements watched close to-night, and early in the morning, and could form better opinion if I could hear from Stoneman. Do you know whether McCook is with Stoneman? McCook has artillery; Stoneman, none.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, July 2, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

McCook is with Stoneman and has his artillery. I have heard no reports since the thunder ceased, and presume it was all thunder. My signal officer at dusk reported the enemy's camp-fires in my front stronger than last evening, but at least a mile away. I will watch them closely to-night and in the morning. He also saw camp-fires along the railroad below Marietta. Very few railroad trains have been moving to-day. Yesterday they were very numerous.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

TREE SIGNAL STATION, July 2, 1864-sunrise.

General SCHOFIELD:

No movements visible in front of your corps. Heavy cannonading can be seen extending from the left of the army around to Hascall's old position. Can see the shells burst on and all around this side of Kenesaw Mountain. Shelling appears to be mostly from our guns.

WM. REYNOLDS,

First Lieutenant, Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga. July 2, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: There will be no farther advance of the infantry to-day. General Sherman desires you to do what you can in accordance with his directions, and to keep him advised of your progress. If you need supplies from the railroad they will have to be drawn to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

