HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,July 22, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: I have seen all the corps commanders since I left your headquarters and made the best dispositions I could of the troops of the Army of the Tennessee. I find one division of the Seventeenth Corps somewhat despondent, but think they will hold their position; have sen them three fresh regiment to support them in holding the hill that I think is the key-point to my whole position. Some prisoners, who have just come inside of our picket-line in General Dodge's front, report themselves from Hood's corps (now Chetman's), which they report moving to our left, in order to attack in the morning; they say Atlanta is held by militia, and that Polk's old corps in on our extreme right, west of Atlanta. This statement may not be true, but am inclined to think it is true from all that I have learned from other prisoners. The note to you from General Schofield giving you the information that there was nothing but a small force of cavalry in Decatur to-day, would somewhat do away with my impression about the force were it not for Colonel Sprague's report to General Dodge. He reports that he was attacked by a large force, and had lost nearly 400 men killed, wounded, and captured, as General Dodge informs me. I give you this information all as I get it, that you may judge from all information that you may get as to where troops of the enemy are and what their intentions are.

Very respectfully,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

CAMP ON RAILROAD,

Four miles from Atlanta, July 22, 1864-9 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

At daylight to-day it was found that the rebels had gone from entire front, and General Sherman announced the occupation of Atlanta by Schofield, and ordered pursuit by Thomas in the fortifications of Atlanta, and not Schofield. We hold road to within two miles and a half of center of place, and that is about the average distance of whole line, though Schofield and Dodge are nearer. Fighting has ben severe, and we have lost General McPherson, killed by shot through lungs while on a reconnaissance. It is thought that enemy will be gone in the morning, as they have attacked and been repulsed since dark. Hood fights his graybacks desperately.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Cipher Operator, U. S. Military Telegraph.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., Numbers 41. July 22, 1864.

The enemy having to-day withdrawn into his entrenchments at Atlanta, and having assaulted our left, the following general plan will be observed for to-morrow, July 23, 1864:

I. All the armies will intrench a strong front on their present lines and will hold in reserve as much infantry as possible for offensive

