
operations. Good batteries will be constructed for the artillery and a steady kept up on the city of Atlanta.

II. The trains will be kept behind the main center (Major-General Howard's corps) or close up to their own reserves, and in the event of the enemy assaulting at any point all others should assault the enemy to their immediate front. By carrying any one point of the enemy's present line his whole position becomes untenable.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864.

Appearances indicate that the enemy have only a strong rear-guard between us and Atlanta, but this we do not know positively, hence all the divisions should be held in condition for an obstinate defense in case of an assault.

The First Division will have one brigade in reserve, and that should be posted as near the right of the line as practicable, as that rests of one of the main roads leading into Atlanta. The major-general commanding suggests that a battery or two be placed in position for defending the approach by the Howell's Mill road. He also requests that the communication by the road along the ridge be kept open in order left of our line. In his opinion Atlanta will be abandoned to-night, and he desires that the pickets may be directed to keep on the alert that they may be informed of the earliest movements of the enemy in their retreat, and to follow as far as Atlanta in case they could withdraw from before our front.

It will be a great compliment to the Twentieth Corps to have it said that it was the first to enter Atlanta.

Very respectfully, yours,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 3. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864.

In pursuance of instructions from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, I hereby assume command of the Army of the Tennessee in the field. The department staff will remain unchanged, and reports and returns will be made as heretofore.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 75. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 22, 1864.

* * *

II. Brigadier-General Woods, commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, will relieve Brigadier-General Cox, Commanding a division

