
cannon-range of Atlanta. The enemy seems to man his extensive parapets and, at the same time, has to spare heavy assaulting columns; but to-day we will intrench our front lines, which will give me troops to spare to meet these assault. I cannot of the loss of more than a few wagons, taken by the enemy's cavalry his temporary pause in Decatur, whence all the trains had been securely removed to the rear of the main army, under of a brigade of infantry, commanded by Colonel Sprague. During the heavy attack on the left, the remainder of the line was not engaged.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 23, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Rousseau reports from Marietta yesterday his safe return from Opelika, having destroyed that depot 30 miles of railroad toward Montgomery, 3 miles toward Columbus, and 2 toward West Point. His entire loss 12 killed and 30 wounded. He brings in 400 mules and 300 horses.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have heard of Colonel Rousseau's return to Marietta. Please order him at once to relieve General Stoneman on the other side of the river, and let General Stoneman come to me with whole force. Please send the inclosed order for me at once. The attack on our left to-day has been desperate and persistent, and the losses on both sides quite heavy. I want you to relieve it to-morrow by an actual attack or strong demonstration on the right. I will send you word early in the day, if it is renewed. I suppose it will be kept up as long as General Garrard is out. I want General Stoneman to move out to General Garrard's relief. You can use Generals McCook and Rousseau on your right.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864-2 a. m.

General ROUSSEAU,

Marietta:

Your dispatch is received, and you have done well. I hate to call on you so soon for move service, but time is pressing. I want you to move down right away to the railroad bridge and relieve General Stoneman,

