
about 1,000 yards distant from the enemy's lines, as far as Proctor's Creek, the whole of Palmer's corps being east and south of the railroad. All have covered their fronts with parapets so that the enemy will not attempt a sally. The question now is, What next? I will in person explain all that is necessary to produce the result aimed at as soon as General returns. You need not apprehend a renewal of the attack on the part of the enemy, but should, on the contrary, begin to feel out with skirmishers, and support into the woods east of Giles Smith's division and Dodge's corps. In the morning early let Woods' division move into Decatur, stay awhile, and return. Let details of men and pioneers begin at your very front and break up and destroy the railroad absolutely back to including Decatur. Until we conclude upon the best manner of reducing Atlanta we cannot be better employed than in rendering the Atlanta and Augusta road useless; especially have the iron rails heated and twisted. I want your skirmishers to feel out early to-morrow in front of Dodge for a double purpose- to hold on that flank the cavalry of Wheeler, while we operate on Thomas' flank and create a diversion for Garrard, now on his return from his expedition.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, July 23, 1864-11. 45 p. m.

Major-General LOGAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that the prefers not to give orders as regards Roswell until he hears further from the cavalry; in the mean time let your wagons go to the railroad via Pace's Ferry and load at Vinning's Station or Marietta such forage as you may need. The general understood yesterday that you had four day's supply.

I am, with much respect.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., July 23, 1864.

Major-General LOGAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

Colonel Sprague has taken up position on the left of Colonel Smith's brigade, of General Woods' division. He does not consider the position in Decatur a safe one, as the force in front and on his flank is evidently two divisions of cavalry; captured dispatches show this. He now covers road leading from main Atlanta road to Schofield's rear, and says Colonel Reily' brigade, of Twenty-third Army Corps, is on the road leading out of Roswell road to Schofield's rear.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

