
SWEET WATER BRIDGE, July 2, 1864

(Received 2 p.m.)

GeneraL McCOOK:

We have a position that we can hold against the whole rebel army. Send up every thing you have in the way of transportation, and everything there that may be back at the bridge behind you belonging to my two brigades. Send and have the 100 men at the upper bridge and the 20 men at the ford below, where Adams crossed, relieved and sent to their regiments. After everything has passed by you send for Adams and come up yourself. I have opened up communication with Butler.

STONEMAN.

General.

Tell Adams to have 100 men to hold the cross-roads where you are now.

G. S.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., July 2, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps. Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have your dispatches of 6.30 and 10 a.m. I sent you a dispatch last evening and one this morning, but fear you did not get either of them, as you say nothing about it. I do not deem it prudent to send you the plan of operations until I am sure it will reach you in safety. There is no movement of infantry to-day. Our right is where it was last evening. There is some cavalry in Hascall's front. I have heard nothing from Butler to-day. Your movement is good so far. If you will send in a party this evening I will give you full information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., July 2, 1864-10 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman informs me that the enemy has evidently detected our movement, and is himself in motion. It seems certain that he will either retreat to-night or attack us in the morning. He appears now to be preparing to attack our extreme left (McPherson's). Watch carefully all indications of the enemy's movement during the night and inform me of everything of importance. Especially give me a report of the condition of affairs in your front, at or a little before 4 o'clock. General Sherman desires a report at that time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, July 2, 1864.

General GARRARD, Commanding Cavalry:

Report by letter or a staff officer the disposition of your command under the orders of last night to General Thomas, who is to remain

