
armed, prepared for any attack of the enemy. General Woods will protect as far as possible all details employed in the destruction of the railroad. Should General Dodge be attacked, General Wood will fall upon the flank of the enemy and punish him.

2. Major-General Dodge will direct the skirmishers of his command to feel out at daylight to-morrow morning, thus keeping the enemy's cavalry on our left flank and at the same time securing a diversion while an attack is being made on the flank of General Thomas and protecting the return of General Garrard from his cavalry expedition. The skirmish line will be careful to keep its right flank connected with General Blair's pickets and will be cautioned against any attempt of the enemy to break through, to cut them off from the main line.

* * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 23, 1864.

In pursuance of instruction from Major-General Logan, commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee, the undersigned, hereby assumes command of the Fifteenth Corps.

MORGAN L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 24, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 9.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

On making up retorts and examining the field, I find the result of Hood's attack on our left more disastrous to the enemy than I reported. Our loss will not foot up 2,000 killed and wounded, whereas we have found over 1,000 rebels dead, which will make with the usual proportion of wounded, a loss to the enemy of full 7,000. General Garrard has also returned, perfectly successfully, having completely destroyed the two large bridges near Covington, forty miles toward Augusta, brought in 200 prisoners and some good horses, and destroy the public stores at Covington and Conyers, including 2,000 bales of cotton, a locomotive, and a train of cars. Our communications are yet all safe, and the army in good condition in all respects. As soon as my cavalry rests I propose to swing the Army of the Tennessee round by the right rapidly and interpose between Atlanta and Macon, the only line open to the enemy.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 24, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

The sudden loss of McPherson was a heavy blow to me. I can hardly replace him, but must have a successor. After thinking over the whole matter, I prefer that Major General O. O. Howard be ordered to command the Army and Department of the Tennessee. If this meets the President's approval, notify me by telegraph, when I will put him in com-

