
CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, GA., July 24, 1864.

General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Both my bridges are completed. The other train is here, and have one bridge almost completed. All the bridges are just below the mouth of Peach Tree Creek. Good roads on both sides of the river.

Respectfully,

GEO. P. BUELL,

Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV. CAV., DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 24, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the enemy's cavalry made a demonstration against my line yesterday evening. They were repulsed; our loss 6.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., July 24, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

I have the honor to state the brigade of cavalry from General Stoneman's command, which, by information from you of last evening, was to report to me this morning, has not yet reported. It is necessary that trains with forage and rations should be brought forward from Roswell.

You are aware that I have no cavalry at my disposal, nor is it practicable to take a sufficient force of infantry from the lines as a guard to the trains brought forward under guard there stationed, and shall the bridge be destroyed?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have pretty well surveyed the whole position, and by the aid of maps and my own observations think I understand the case pretty well. Our lines are now strong in front, and we compass Atlanta from the railroad on the east to the railroad west. The enemy, having failed in his assault on your flank before it was covered by any defensible works, and having sustained most serious loss, will not again attempt it, but will await our action. I now inclose you a map* made

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

