
each division), have lost in killed and wounded alone some 2,000 men, and the detaching two brigades, together with the loss from sickness, has reduced the command from 12,500 effective, which it started with, to some 6,000. One brigade 1,800 strong, is at Rome, Ga., and one at Decatur, Ala. If either brigade or both could join me it would give us a valuable addition to the army. There are also detached the First Alabama Cavalry at Rome and the Ninth Ohio Cavalry at Decatur, besides some three regiments of colored troops belonging to this command, which makes those absent and without the command-fully equal to the present. If it is possible, under the exigencies of the service, I trust the general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi will order up a portion of my command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

Captain J. M. DAYTON,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to represent for the information of the major-general commanding the Division of the Mississippi that this corps was reduced when I assumed command of it to about 10,000 effective men by leaving the strongest division at Vicksburg. Upon my arrival at Allatoona, I left one brigade and two batteries, numbering about 1,200 men, to guard the depots at that place. Since that time, in the various actions in which the corps has been engaged, it has lost about 3,000 men, leaving me an effective force of only some 6,000. Under these circumstances I would most respectfully request that that portion of this corps, which was left at Allatoona, and which is now stationed at Kenesaw Mountain, may be relieved by some other command and ordered to report to me for duty as soon as practicable.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. 116TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 24, 1864.

Colonel CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: I have the honor of forwarding to you a stand of rebel colors captured by Lieutenant Samuel R. Riggs, commanding Company E of this regiment, on the 22nd of July, 1864. The circumstances are as follows: The regiment I have the honor to command was ordered to the left of the Sixteenth Army Corps. Immediately on its arrival there I was ordered back by Colonel Martin, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. I was informed that the enemy had taken our works and that they must be retaken. I was ordered to form my regiment on the right of the Sixth Missouri Infantry, to charge the enemy, and drive from our works. When within fifty yards of the works, a rebel officer with the colors of his regiment and five of his men crossed the works, forming them on this side, and trying to get the balance of his command over. I then asked Lieutenant Riggs if he

