
it be expected to keep up communications with the left of the army, but will be considered and will act as a sort of flank guard to Marietta, and to hold the bridge for ulterior purposes, in case it may be wanted. An infantry force will also be sent there from Marietta, if necessary. The success of your recent expedition warrants the general in expecting important results from the efforts of our forces combined.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to General Sherman, through General Logan, to know under whose orders I am serving.

I have been all day occupied in carrying out General Logan's orders and now this letter orders an entirely different disposition of my troops. Of course I do not recognize General Stoneman, but wish this matter settled in some way. I should not move for two to three days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

General Garrard reported to me on his return yesterday, took up a position north and east of Decatur, connecting with Colonel Sprague's brigade on my left. I learned this morning the enemy's pickets occupied the main Decatur road between that place and my front, and I accordingly requested him to thrown forward his line, connect with General Dodge so that I could withdraw Sprague's brigade, and place him in reserve, the only on my entire him. I also requested General Garrard to leave that portion of a regiment of his command, part of the guard at Roswell, at that place until the empty teams of his train returned to Marietta for supplies could arrive at Roswell and convey the sick to the hospitals at Marietta. all the ambulances of this army are employed in moving our hospitals to the rear, Hence the necessity of availing myself of General Garrard's empty trains. The position of General Garrard as indicated by me will give him a good camp and protect my left flank.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have your application for the services of General Corse, which I grant, because I want you to have good division commanders. But I beg you to see that no injustice is done to General Sweeny. I have noticed for some time a growing dissatisfaction on the part of General Dodge with General Sweeny. It may be personal. See that General Dodge prefers specific charges and specifications, and you, as the army commander, must be the judge of the sufficiency of the charges. No one but the commander of an army can arrest and send

