
away a general; it is a high power, but I construe the power to reside with the commanders of my three armies, because each has a command other than the troops here on the spot. You, as commander of the Army of the Tennessee, should judge as to the cause of arrest and see that no injustice is done a general officer. You can see how cruel it would be to a brave and sensitive gentleman and officer to be arrested, deprived of his command, and sent to the rear at this time. I do not believe General Dodge would willingly do an act of injustice, but still you are the one to judge. I fear that General Sweeny will feel that even I am influenced against him to befriend General Corse, but it is not so. I give up General Corse because the good of the service demands that at this crisis you should have good division commanders.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. TL. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,La Fayette, July 25, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: My scouts have just come in, reporting a force of 2,000 rebels at Winn's Gap, within twenty miles of this place. I believe General Wheeler to be in command. With two sections of artillery I can hold the place; without it I will be compelled to fall back in case of an attack, and will require forty additional wagons to haul off ordnance stores and other property. My courier lines was attack last night by a party of rebel scouts. My scouts were also attacked yesterday evening in Broomtown Valley, by a party of Texas Rangers, which goes to show there is a new force in the neighborhoods. The country us alive with rebels in scattering squads. Please send me artillery or wagons, or instructions how to act in case of an attack.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. FAULKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.- The command is two-thirds dismounted, having no transportation for their saddles. My wagon train at present is loaded with stores at Rossville, Ga., on its way here.

J. K. FAULKNER.

[JULY 25, 1864.- For Giles A. Smith's congratulatory circular, embodying complimentary letter from headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, see Part III, p. 586.]
HEADQUARTERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

TO THE OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF THE SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS:

Your general has been deprived of his command and ordered to Nashville in arrest. Before leaving he is constrained to express to you his

