
given on what we thought was high merit and somewhat on his nationality. I beg you to believe we do not act in a spirit of disregarding merit. We expect to await your programme for further changes and promotions in your army. My profoundest thanks to you and your whole army for the present campaign so far.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., July 26, 1864 - 2 p. m.

(Received 8.10 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 9 a. m. 24th just received.* The vacancies yet remaining for brigadier-generals I would like to have given to such men as Sherman may recommend. He has conducted his campaign with great skill and success. I would, therefore, confirm all his recommendations for department and corps commanders. No one can tell so well as one immediately in command the disposition that should be came of the material on hand. Osterhaus has proved himself a good soldier, but if he is not the field I regret his promotion.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 26 - 4 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Georgia:

General Howard is assigned, as requested, to command the Army and Department of the Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 26, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 1 p. m. 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

To-morrow we begin the move against Atlanta, having strongly trenched our front from the railroad east of Atlanta to hill on the south of Proctor's Creek. I move the whole Army of the Tennessee to the right, extending the line south, threatening East Point, and forcing, as I think, Hood to abandon Atlanta or allow us, at small cost, to occupy the railroad south of the town, that to the east being well destroyed. At the same time I send by the right a force of about 3,500 cavalry, under General McCook, and round by the left about 5,000 cavalry, under Stoneman, with orders to reach the railroad about Griffin. I also have consented that Stoneman (after he has executed this part of his plan), if he finds of feasible, may, with his division proper (about 2,000), go to Macon and attempt the release the release of our officers, prisoners there, and then to Anderson[ville] to release the 20,000 of our men,

---------------

* Announcing the appointment of certain brigadier-generals in the Army of the Potomac, and the appointment of Osterhaus as major-general. Also informing him (Grant) that three or four other vacancies of brigadier-general await his recommendation to be filled.

---------------

