
of each division in our line of circumvallation a bold party of about a regiment strong to push back the enemy's outlying pickets and feel their position. This will have the effect of holding them and drawing there as large a body of the enemy as possible, as he will on such a display. Inasmuch as Jeff. C. davis' division is placed as a strong right flank, and therefore will be almost entirely in reserve when the Army of the Tennessee gets to the right, I wish the demonstration to his front be still more decided,viz, a whole brigade should move on the ridge due south from the hill intrenched beyond Proctor's Creek, and should push back the enemy beyond any little rifle-pits to his main line, which will be found up on the main ridge which extends from Atlanta to East Point. This brigade should move toward the old village of White Hall, about two miles and a half from Atlanta. These demonstrations should proceed slowly and deliberately, and last all day, and should be as bold and provoking to the enemy as possible, tempting him to sally out and test our present lines.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864. (Received 11.25 p. m.)

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In execution of inclosed order* from the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, the major- general commanding the department directs that you send out from the front of each division of your corps in line one regiment to push back the enemy, as directed in the order.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Howard.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In execution of the inclosed order+ the major-general commanding directs that to-morrow morning you send out a regiment from each division of your corps in line, except General Davis', to push back the enemy as directed. You will instruct General Davis to send a brigade to act as directed in the order.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See next preceding.

+ See bottom of p. 261.

---------------

