HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that General Stanley is at present moving two of his brigades to a position on the left of Major-General Schofield's command, and that General Newton moved one of his brigades this afternoon to a position in reserve, in the rear of his present headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864 - 5.40 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will immediately move two brigades of your division to the abandoned rebel works on the left of Major-General Schofield's command. Your left must rest at the point where you crossed said works in marching to your present position. Please consult with General Schofield as to picketing. This movement must be made before General Logan leaves his present position.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: I have just seen General Logan. His troops will commenced moving about midnight, beginning on the extreme left. The extreme right, which is next you, must be some hours later, but you will have to keep watch of it, and move by your left back into the new works made by the Fifteenth Corps, when they move out. Colonel Byrd is ordered to have a regiment in the same works to hold that line as skirmishers and you will support the whole skirmish line until the remainder of the division is moved into the position assigned. The skirmish line will the take position according to the orders given you this p. m., and your brigade will move inside of our works. Major Wells will be at Conkerill's battery, and you will give him immediate notice when the division on your left is in motion.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

