HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, July 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs you to make a demonstration in your front to-morrow, as directed in inclosed extract of orders* of this date from the major-general commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Hascall.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, July 26, 1864.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith Special Field Orders, Numbers 42, current series, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi.+ The commanding general directs that you instruct your pickets to watch the enemy closely and to move forward and occupy the works on the first indication that he has evacuated. The general also directs that you put your men to work, with as little delay as possible, on the line which will be laid out by Captain W. J. Twining, aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Cox.)

JULY 26, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In case we succeed in carrying out your wishes will it meet your approbation, should I see a good opening, if I should with a portion of the command make dash on Macon and by vigorous stroke release the prisoners (officers) now at that point, and afterward go on to Americas and release those (privates) there. I would like to try it, and am willing to run any risks, and I can vouch for my little command. Now is the time to do it before the rebel army falls back and covers that country, and I have every inducement to try it. If we accomplish the desired object it will compensate for the loss as prisoners of us all, and I should feel compensated for almost any sacrifice.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GEORGE STONEMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 261.

+ See p. 255.

---------------

