HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of July 26, asking permission after breaking good the railroad below McDonough to push on [to Macon], release the officers there, and afterward to go to Anderson[ville] and release the men confined there. I see many difficulties, but, as you say, even a chance of success will warrant the effort, and I consent to it. You may, after having fulfilled my present orders, send General Garrard back to the left flank of the army, and proceed with your command proper to accomplish oath or either of the objects named., I will keep the army busy, so that you shall have nothing to contend with but the cavalry, and if you can bring back to the army any or all those prisoners of war it will be an achievement that will entitle you and the men of your command to the love and admiration of the whole country. Be careful to break telegraph wire and railroad when and where you go, especially the telegraph, as it will prevent the enemy following your movement.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,La Fayette, July 26, 1864.

Captain S. B. MOE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of the Etowah, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication I would respectfully state that the only re-enforcements the rebel scouts have received in addition to their numbers is the Eleventh Texas Cavalry. I am amply able to hold this place against 3,000 men. From information received this morning I am satisfied that General Wheeler os not in this section. I would much prefer remaining here with the command all together. Will start the 100 men to Nickajack Gap this evening if I receive no further orders, and will have the wagons halt until I fear from you. I will send my surplus ordnance stores, &amp;c., back to Chattanooga for storage. Please answer immediately.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. FAULKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, Ga., July 26, 1864.

Colonel BENJAMIN D. DEAN,

Commanding at Kingston:

COLONEL: You will send out Thursday next (28th instant) fifty or sixty picked men, with three days' rations and forty rounds of ammunition, under direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Bushwell, to scout the country south and west of the Etowah River, and co-operate with a of 200 cavalry under command of Colonel Heath, coming up

