
the command of the Fourth Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, and will report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

To the Fourth Army Corps:

Having been assigned to another command, the duty, by no means a pleasant one, devolves upon me to take leave of a corps that I have learned to love and trust. The time of our service together has been short, but crowded with remarkable events. The words "Dalton," "Resaca," "Adairsville," "Kingston," "Cassville," "Dallas," "Kenesaw," "Smyrna Camp-Ground," and "Peach Tree Creek," suggest to us fields of conflict, more or less severe, where we have buried many and endeared comrade, where you have won honor for your country and yourselves, and where the enemy has learned anew to fear and respect the power of the Government for which we fight. It is with pain that I realize my inability to reward your cheerful devotion to duty, your arduous and prolonged labor, and your uncomplaining sacrifices. I heartily appreciate the constant co-operation of the division commanders, and the cheerful manner in which they have sustained me, and in which they have been sustained by their own officers. To them, and, through them to their commands, I tender my warmest thanks and unqualified commendation. No officer could have received more ready and untiring assistance from his staff than I have from mine. To them also I am more than grateful. Believing from my heart that our cause is right and just before God, as I take leave of your I commenced you to His blessing, and trust He will assist our armies to complete the work which He has enabled them so gloriously to bring to the present stage of success.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 62. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. To carry out the requirements of Special Field Orders, Numbers 42, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, July 25, 1864, a line of defense will be constructed to-day connecting the left of General Hascall's center brigade with the line of works abandoned by the enemy in rear of the Howard house, and the latter line will be remodeled and strengthened so as to adapt it to our use as a line of defense for the left and left rear of the army. All hospitals and trains will be moved within this new line during the day, except the trains en route to Marietta, which will remain at the latter place, or at the crossing of the Chattahoochee, until further orders. Trains will cross at Pace's or Power's Ferry. The bridge at Isham's Ford will be destroyed, and the troops guarding it will join their division to-night. Detachments guarding trains within the line of defense will be relieved and will join there proper commands. Simultaneously with the withdrawal of the right of the Army of the Tennessee, which is expected to take place to-morrow morning, General

