
4. When the troops of the Seventeenth Corps have filed past, Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will draw out his command, following the Seventeenth Army Corps, and moving last the division of Brigadier-General Woods. The Fifteenth Army Corps will take up a position on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps, one division being held in reserve. The new line to be occupied on the right will be thrown forward as far as practicable.

5. That portion of the artillery which can be drawn out right the day will be designated by Captain Hickenlooper, chief of artillery, and a position assigned it in the new line. The remaining artillery will be drawn out immediately after dark, the wheels muffled with grain sacks, and every precaution used to make the movement as silently as possible.

6. All the trains, except one wagon with ammunition for each regiment and battery, will be sent to-day to a point in rear of the center of the army and there parked.

7. Corps commanders will, under the direction of Captain Reese, chief engineer, cause good roads to be constructed during the day for their commands to move out upon, and staff officers will make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the route to be taken by each division.

8. All arrangements to accomplish these movements will be made during the day, so that the troops can be drawn out with celerity and without confusion.

V. Brigadier General J. M. Corse, having reported to these headquarters, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 43, Military Division of the Mississippi, will forthwith report to Major-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, for assignment to the command of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 62. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. The division of General Harrow will move at 12 o'clock, following the Seventeenth Corps. General Lightburn will out his division in motion so as to close upon General Harrow at the crossing of the railroad on the road to the Howard house. General Woods will move so as to close up on General Lightburn. Commands will not be given except in a very low tone of voice. Headquarters wagons of division, brigades, and of these headquarters, except one to carry rations, will pass the Howard house and follow the wagons of General Logan's headquarters immediately after dark to-night.

IV. Pickets will be relieved when the rear of the division passes the new works. Ammunition wagons and ambulances will precede the division to which they pertain. Picket officers from each division of the Army of the Tennessee will get notice to withdraw their pickets from the white house on the railroad as soon as the rear of the Second Division, Fifteenth Corps, passes through the new line of works.

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

