
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 47. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. M. Corse, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is, in accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 79, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, hereby assigned to the command of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps. All books, maps, and papers appertaining the headquarters of the division will be turned over to Brigadier-General Corse, and the division staff will report to him for duty. Colonel E. W. Rice, Seventh Iowa Infantry Volunteers, will again assumed command of the First Brigade.

II. In making the movement to-night as specified in extract IV, Special Field Orders, Numbers 79, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee (a copy of which is inclosed), the Second Division will have the advance, moving promptly at 12 o'clock to-night. The Fourth Division will remain in its present position till the Second has withdrawn from its works, when it will closely follow. All wagons, with the exception of one wagon loaded with ammunition to each regiment and battery, will move this p. m. to a position near where the advanced supply train is now stationed, in the rear of the center of the army.

* * * * * *

V. The following additional instructions in relation to the movement to-night will be observed: At 8 p. m. Colonel Sprague, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division, will move out and go into position on the left of Brigadier-General Woods' division, Fifteenth Army Corps, in the new intrenchments north of the railroad, and will join his division as it passes through these intrenchments during the night. The Second Brigade, Second Division, will drawn out which the Seventeenth Army Corps, and join its division to-morrow morning at the creek near general Sherman's headquarters, where the command will bivouac. The troops must be moved quietly, without count of bugle or drum, and all teams, except one wagon of ammunition to a regiment and battery, must move off early to-night and go into park with the trains in rear of the center of the army before 11 p. m., so that the entire road is clear for troops. The ammunition wagons will move in advance of the divisions. Division picket officers will report to Captain H. L. Burnham at these headquarters, at 10 p. m., for instructions in relation to withdrawing the picket-lines, which is not to be done until the entire army has moved out.

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 184. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXX. In compliance with orders from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, this command will be prepared to move at 12.30 to-morrow morning. As soon as the Sixteenth Army Corps has filed out, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith, commanding Fourth Division, will move his command by the left flank on the road running near his left to the railroad by these headquarters, where he will halt. Brigadier-General Leggett, commanding This Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, will move his command simultaneously with the Fourth Division on a

