
have to fight the enemy's cavalry, and we can hold the infantry and artillery to Atlanta and force them to extend and choose between Atlanta and East Point. I don't think the enemy can hold both. All are well pleased with general Howard's appointment but Generals Logan and Hooker. The former though he ought to have been allowed the command of the army in the field until the end of the campaign; but I explained to him that a permanent department commander had to be appointed at once, as discharges, furloughs, and much detailed business could alone be done by a department commander. General Hooker is offended because he thinks he is entitled to the command. I must be honest and say he is not qualified or suited to it. He talks of quitting. If General Thomas recommends, I shall not object. He is not indispensable to our success. He is welcome to my place of the President awards, but I cannot name him to so important a command as the Army of the Tennessee. All is well. The enemy to-day offered no serious opposition to the changes of to-day, and our skirmishing and artillery were just enough to make things interesting.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 27, 1864 - 11 p. m.

(Received 7.30 p. m. 28th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Hooker has applied to be relieved of the command of the Twentieth Army Corps, assigning as a reason the appointment of General Howard, his junior, to command the Army of the Tennessee. General Thomas asks the following appointments: Generals D. S. Stanley to command the Fourth Corps, vice Howard, transferred; General H. W. Slocum to command the Twentieth Corps, vice Hooker, relieved at his own request. I approved these nominations, and ask orders by telegraph that General Slocum may be summoned from Vicksburg, where he now is.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, July 27, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington:

Major-General Hooker desires to be relieved from the command of the Twentieth Army Corps. Am I unauthorized to order him to report of you at Washington?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

[July 27, 1864] - 4.15 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The Secretary of Wat authorizes you to order General Hooker to report to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

