
commanding First Division, Twentieth Army Corps, will succeed Major-General Hooker in command of the corps until an assignment to that command is made by the President of the United States.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Opposite Campbellton, July 27, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Captain L. M. AYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I arrived opposite Campbellton at 4 p.m. The rebels have the whole river picketed in this vicinity, though not in sufficient force to have prevented my crossing. The pontoon train, however, at the hour I write, is not yet within six miles of me. Captain Kossak has found it impossible to pull it up with his mules. I will take some of my cavalry horses and pull it up. This delay will involve the probable necessity of crossing below here, as the attention of the enemy has, I think, been attracted to this point for some reason, as there have been none of them here recently until last night, when a brigade came down to picket their different ferries. I have endeavored to conceal my force, and think the rebels are not yet seriously alarmed. I expected to have reached Fayetteville to-night, and but for the disability on the part of the pontoon train would have done so. I now think I will be able to cross by daybreak at some point. Nothing has been found on this side of the river except small scouting parties of Texas cavalry. It is twenty-six miles from here to the point from which we moved our camp this morning.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

CARTERSVILLE, July 27, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Murray telegraphs that Captain Cummings, Third kentucky Cavalry, routed Jordan's guerrillas yesterday, killing Captain McElroy, wounding Jordan and quite a number of his party. He is still in pursuit. A scouting party has just returned from Stilesborough, having met a party of twenty or twenty-five rebels. They captured horses and equipments, but failed to take any of the party.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I am at General Davis' headquarters. The Army of the Tennessee is approaching the right flank,. which is on the Turner's Ferry road four miles from the Chattahoochee and about the same distance from Atlanta. I propose to extend on a ridge due south, so that by facing

