
right, and on the extension of the line occupied by his command. After a sharp skirmish, which made it necessary to advance slowly, it was found unavoidable to advance farther in consequence of the darkness and difficult nature of the ground. In consequence of the road being blocked up by wagons and artillery, the Fourth Division did not reach the vicinity of the position assigned it until almost dark. It was, however, moved rapidly forward with the view to connect with the right of the Third Division; before reaching the Third Division, however, it became dark, and it was considered by the officer commanding the troops, as well as myself, to be entirely impracticable to advance farther. I therefore formed it in a strong position, the left resting on the rear of the right of the Third Division, and the right thrown back so as to form almost a right angle with the line occupied by that division, thereby securing my right flank and rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 205. Near Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

X. The First Division of Cavalry (McCook's) will be relieved by the Third Division of cavalry (Kilpatrick's) in the following manner: Tenth Ohio and detachment of Second Kentucky Cavalry, with one section of Beebe's (Tenth Wisconsin) battery, will proceed without delay and report to Colonel Harrison, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division of Cavalry, with the army at the front. On the arrival of this command, Brigadier-General McCook will proceed with his division to the District of the Etowah, headquarters cartersville, and relieve Brigadier-General Kilpatrick, commanding Third Division of Cavalry, carrying out the instructions heretofore given to the commander of the Third Division. Upon being relieved, Brigadier-General Kilpatrick will proceed with the remainder of his command, after it is concentrated at Cartersville, Ga., joined the army at the front.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

