
manded the regiment with so much skill and ability. As a regimental and brigade commander I have found him prompt, brave, skillful, and efficient.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Johnson:

G. W. SMITH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. fIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

I. The undersigned hereby reassumes command of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

II. Brigadier General M. L. Smith will reassumes command of the Second Division, relieving Brigadier-General Lightburn.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 63. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General Woods, commanding First Division, will, as soon as the moon rises to-night, move into position on the right of the Seventeenth Army Corps, and form in two lines.

Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will form with a brigade front of the right of Brigadier-General Woods, refusing his entire line about right angles with General Woods. As soon as he shall have gone into position the rest of his troops will be formed in line in reserve.

Brigadier General M. L. Smith, commanding Second Division, will, as soon as General Harrow shall have gone into position, form one brigade on his right, and refuse the line thus formed, and place on brigade in reserve to the right and rear of his front line.

It is important that these movements be made before daylight, and division commanders should communicate with each other at once, through staff officers, the better to facilitate the movement. All wagons that are necessary to be had by the command will be brought forward and parked at convenient distances in the rear, the rest will be left in charge of Captain Emery, acting chief quartermaster, until needed. Ammunition sufficient to make 100 rounds per man will be brought forward to-night and place near enough to the several commands to be accessible, should it be needed. Each division commander should know just where to get it.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 28, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi, before Atlanta, Ga.:

The Secretary of War directs that you forward to the Department, as soon as practicable, a list of colonels whom you desire promoted to the

