
rank of brigadier-general of volunteers. There will probably be eighth appointments made for your army. Please indicate your preference for those you desire to receive the first appointments.

JAMES A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 28, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 29th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

The enemy again assaulted to-day; this time on our extreme right, to which flank I had shifted the Army of the Tennessee, to gain ground toward the railroad. The blow fell upon the Fifteenth Corps, which handsomely repulsed it, capturing 4 regimental flags. The attack was kept up for five hours. Our men were partially covered, while the enemy were exposed. Our loss is comparatively small, while that of the enemy is represented as heavy. I will give approximate figures to-morrow. The cavalry has now been out two days, and to-morrow should show the effect. I feel confident they will reach the Macon road. Our right is about a mile distant from the railroad, but the ground is very difficult. I may be forced to extend still farther to command it. We had heavy cannonading all day, the enemy using ordnance as heavy as 6-inch rifled guns. Bragg has been to Atlanta on a second visit.

W. T. SHERMAN.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, July 28, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Order Davis' division to leave his camp and move to Turner's Ferry, and then, by a road leading toward East Point, to feel forward for Howard's right, back into some known point of Turner's Ferry. I will be over that flank all day and await to reach out as far as possible.*

W. T. SHERMAN.

Brigadier General J. C. DAVID, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Herewith find copy of telegram from the general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, forwarded for your information and guidance, March at once in conformity to its directions.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Before coming in to-night I ordered back the division of General Williams' corps, which I called on to be near at hand; also the brigade

---------------

* As recorded in Sherman's letter-book, this dispatch reads: "Order Davis' division to leave his camps and move to Turner's Ferry, and then, by the road leading to East Point, to feel forward for Howard's right. I want to connect Howard's right, back with some known point of Turner's Ferry. I will be over on that flank all day, and want to reach out as far as possible." See, also, Morgan's quotation, Part I, p. 650.

---------------

