
upon their main line, excepting by a regular well managed assaulting column, must have failed. I am sorry General Newton did not take the enemy's picket-line on his front; he could easily have done so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

P. S.- Since writing the foregoing, my provost-marshal reports that he has now 40 enlisted men and 3 commissioned [officers] prisoners in his hands, who were captured this afternoon.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 28, 1864 - 1.45 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Howard has sent word that the rebels are passing to his right on the Sandtown road, and asks assistance. Morgan, with Davis' division, started very promptly, and I have no more troops to spare from my own lines. He had not, when his messenger started heard from Morgan.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 28, 1864.

Major-General PALMER, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The order to move with my division has been received. I am took sick to go, and have turned over the command to General Morgan. I regret being sick; and too weak to sit on my horse. Perhaps I will be better by this afternoon; hope so.

Very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON;

COLONEL: Moore, a scout, whom I sent out on the 26th in the forenoon, returned this p. m. and make the following statement: General S. D. Lee arrived about the 25th instant from Mississippi and brought 3,500 troops with him. These were dismounted cavalry, are now used as infantry, and are in the intrenchments. Moore says he went to the depot every time the cars came into Atlanta, and that the trains were loaded with re-enforcements of the Georgia militia. He says many arriving in this way. Moore says he heard Judge Wright and Ridley, citizens, say that there would be enough of the re-enforcements to make a small corps for General Cheatman. Moore says the rebels acknowledge they were defeated yesterday, and he heard officers talking who said they had lost between 8, 0000 and 9,000. Moore says he heard in Atlanta

