
yesterday afternoon that there had been an engagement yesterday at 11 a. m., between our cavalry, under General Garrard, and the rebel cavalry, under Wheeler, in the direction of Yellow River, but he was not able to learn any of the details. Moore says that the understanding prevails in the rebel army that Atlanta is to be defended to the last extremity, but that much dissatisfaction prevails among the common soldierly about the removal of General Johnston and the manner in which General Hood has handled the army since taking command of it. The soldierly were dissatisfied with the attacks that Hood has made. Moore says the supply of forage and subsistence is very short indeed, produced by there being now but one line of railroad. When he was in Atlanta he could get no corn for his horse; hitherto he had got plenty. He says he heard it sid that if the rebels were driven out of Atlanta they would try to make their first stand at East Point. Moore says Stewart's and Lee's corps made the attack yesterday morning, but were subsequently re-enforced by a part of Hardee's corps, which had been left in the works. After the fighting ceased a part of the troops were brought back to occupy the intrenchments around the town. Moore says they kept a strong line in their works. Moore says our shells fall into the town and annoy them very much, though they have inflicted no great loss. General Bragg is still in Atlanta. General Johnston is in Macon. General Loring was wounded in the fight yesterday severely. Moore says he heard officers saying that they would get re-enforcements of militia and constricts to make up for their late losses. Moore brings a paper of this date.

Respectfully submitted, with the newspaper, for the information of the corps and department commanders.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The brigade-general commanding the corps directs that, pursuant to orders of the major-general commanding Department of the Cumberland, you hold your division in readiness to move at daybreak to-morrow morning in such direction as may hereafter be indicated. It is expected that the operations of the cavalry may provoke some desperate operations upon the part of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. E. PITMAN,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The corps of Hood attacked us to-day at 11.30 a. m. on the right of my line, mainly opposite the Fifteenth Corps, with lines extending beyond my right flank. The assaults were pertinaciously kept up for four with scarcely any intermission, and were invariably repulsed. The enemy's dead lie thickly on our front. We took several stand of colors and quite a number of prisoners. Gen-

