
Figures are not given, but the loss of the enemy is said to be heavy. The general desires that the woods be cleared away so that one of your batteries shall have full command of the Decatur road about the brick house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, July 28, 1864.

Colonel CAMERON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: The reconnaissance ordered from corps headquarters had better go out near the site of the brick house, pushing to the front of your old position. The regiment in support can occupy either your old line of works or that last built by the Fifteenth Corps. Let the movement be pushed so as to develop the enemy's force in your front and fully detect any movement or withdrawal on their part. For the rest see the order sent last night, which the commandant of the detachment should carefully study.

Yours, respectfully,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, July 28, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

Colonel D. CAMERON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: The order I sent by Lieutenant Coughlan was that you should push pretty well to the right, inasmuch as you did not seem to find much resistance in your immediate front, and the distance you had advanced made it proper to take your supports nearer to the advanced line than the line of works would be. The object was, as stated in the first order, to use the full strength of one regiment in developing the enemy's position and force in front, and hold the other well in hand to support the first, or to cover a retreat, if you should be attacked by heavy force. The feeling to the right is necessary, because that is the point of danger, and where you must be most guarded. This was simply in extension of the written orders sent, and by no means inconsistent with the spirit and general purpose, but rather in furtherance of both. I greatly regret you did not see it so. The reconnaissance will be continued as far as it can be done consistently with keeping open you communication with the division, and the direction is toward the principal line of works the enemy occupy commanding the railroad, &amp;c. Please report progress, &c.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, July 28, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose, for the information of the commanding general, a report just received from Colonel Cameron of his

