
reconnaissance to the front. His order (sent since this report of his was written, though before I received it) are to continue pushing as long as he can do so without serious loss and without compromising his power to return to the position of the division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

AT THE BRICK HOUSE,

Near Atlanta, July 28, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General Cox,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: I moved out with the Sixty-third Indiana and Sixty-fifth Illinois at 7 this morning, carrying out your instructions. We have pushed in the enemy's skirmishers to their former position and now occupy with our reserves the advanced pits of the former skirmish line of the Fifteenth Corps. Our line of vedettes are about 100 yards ahead of this. The enemy has a strong skirmish line and is skirmishing with our men. The enemy's position is in full view. They show a force, I should judge from the reports of Major Wilcox (in charge of the line), quite sufficient to hold it. Four companies of the Sixty-third Indiana are in position to the left of the brick house, and where, in my judgment, they should at present remain. The rest of the regiment is forward. I have sent four companies of the Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteers forward on the right, extending to the creek. Their reserves occupy the advanced skirmish line formerly held by us. Our skirmishers have advanced here and drawn the fire of the enemy, who has a strong skirmish line also in this direction and a battery in position, from which they have thrown several shells. The enemy has a battery in position near the railroad, in plain view of our skirmishers. This is the battery to which their prisoners belong. Major Wilcox reports the enemy moving artillery toward our left, and that working parties are actually employed along the line strengthening the main line of works. We can keep up a brisk skirmish with the enemy, but in my judgment, a farther advance is not practicable. I have one-half of my force, on the skirmish line and the other half on the works of the Fifteenth Corps and the works formerly held by ourselves. I will not change this arrangement unless otherwise directed. Skirmishing has become very active on the left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,July 28, 1864.

Major CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

MAJOR: The general directs me to inclose to you the accompanying report made by Colonel Cameron of his operations to-day.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WELLS,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

