
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., TWENTY-THIRD CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 28, 1864.

Major WELLS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Twenty-third Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the result of the reconnaissance made this afternoon by the Second Brigade, Third Division. Like that made this morning by two regiments of the brigade, it repulsed in our driving the enemy to their works, developing their line, and showing the position of their artillery. The works in our front are strong and held by a considerable force. In the front of the brigade artillery opened from three different positions; I should say from eight pieces. The enemy's force this morning was but slight; about 2 p. m. they commenced moving heavy force to the left (cavalry and infantry); from the skirmish line they could be distinctly seen and heard fortifying. As their troops passed our skirmish line near the railroad they were in full sight and were fired at by our men. Our advance was a surprise. Four large dwellings have been burned by them to-day as they fell back. Three of our regiments advanced to the left of the railroad and one to the right. The enemy's line extended far to the left of ours. Our losses 14 wounded and killed. We advanced within 250 yards of their works.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c., yours,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel, Commanding, &c.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 28, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Howard's command got into position on right this day, and were attacked at once, the weight falling on Fifteenth Corps. Enemy charged four times in very dense timber, and were repulsed as often - with what loss I cannot say; our loss not a hundred. At this hour rebels are massing against right, while Schofield and Stanley are ready to attack on our left as soon as our right is pressed heavily. Assignment of Howard to the Army of the Tennessee causes some discontent, but not as much as I feared. No news from cavalry raid on Macon railroad.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

CLYDE, OHIO, July 29, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

His Excellency President LINCOLN:

We have the honor to report that the remains of the distinguished Major-General McPherson are now here, at the home of his childhood and residence of his widowed mother. Some of his personal staff, a guard of honor, and a proper military escort, with many distinguished strangers and a large concourse of citizens and here, prepared to deposit in his last resting place, at 10 o'clock to-day, what now remains of the illustrious dead.

C. W. PAGE,

Chairman Committee.

R. A. FOSTER,

Secretary.

