
CITY POINT, VA., July 29, 1864 - 12 m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I would approve of making the appointments of corps commanders recommended by General Thomas. In relieving General Scolum from command at Vicksburg, I would General Canby to send a suitable major-general from his military division. General Dana would probably be the best man, but I would leave this to Canby, knowing that he would make a proper selection.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 29, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.;

The result of the enemy's attack yesterday, chiefly on the Fifteenth Corps, is thus reported by General Howard:

We have counted 642 rebel dead, and there are still others in front of our lines. It is fair to presume that their wounded are five or six times that of their dead. Over 100 prisoners are in hand, and others being gathered up in the woods.

Howard estimates the enemy's loss at 5,000, and our loss at less than 600. General W. H. T. Walker was killed on the 22d, and it is now reported by prisoners that Wheeler was killed yesterday. Stephen D. Lee, Loring, and Stewart severely wounded yesterday. We are so near the enemy's line that their artillery prevents our advancing the lines so as to take full advantage of battle, they gathering into the city the wounded and more remote dead. The parapets of Atlanta present a well-filled line wherever we approach them. General Thomas is to-day making a strong reconnaissance on force toward East Point, and General Schofield on the left. Our cavalry has now been out three days, and must have done its works about Griffin.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

(Received 2.50 a. m. 30th.)

Co.. JAMES A HARDIE,

Inspector-General, Washington, D. C.:

In compliance with your dispatch of the 28th instant, I now send you the names of eight colonels who are recommended by their immediate and superior commanders for promotion, and I earnestly recommend that they be appointed brigadier-generals: Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana; Colonel Charles C. Walcutt, Forty-sixth Ohio; Colonel James W. Reilly, One hundred and fourth Ohio; Colonel L. P. Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois; Colonel J. W. Sprague, Sixty-third Ohio; Colonel Joseph A. Cooper, Sixth East Tennessee; Colonel John T. Croxton, Fourth Kentucky; Colonel William W. Belknap, Fifteenth Iowa. There of them are from each of the armies of the Cumberland and Tennessee, and two of the Army of the Ohio, and are all at their posts doing good service.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

10 R R - VOL XXXVII, PT V

