
Official copy respectfully furnished Major General J. M. Palmer, who will give the necessary orders to General Davis to carry out General Sherman's instructions. When General Howard extends, you can move out and show this order to General Ward, who will move within supporting distance of him.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Official copies of the foregoing referred to Brigadier General J. C. Davis, with instructions to carry our their provisions.

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with orders from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the major-general commanding directs that you send one division of your corps to operate in conjunction with Brigadier General Jeff. C. Davis from Major-General Howard's right flank toward east Point. The division which you send will be held in reserve, to act as a support to General Davis' division, the latter conducting the reconnaissance. Major-General Howard's lines will be used as a point of departure and safety for the reconnaissance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding the corps directs that you feel with your pickets during the night well out. The indications during the day have been that the enemy have been evacuating the town or intend to do so. A picket-line may be left in our front to deceive us; if so the general commanding desires that in the morning at daylight parties may be sent out from each division to test it, and if possible to break it and occupy the town.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864- 10.15 a. m.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL I a directed by the brigadier-general commanding the corps to inclose herewith a copy of an order from the major-general

