
pied by me during the night of the 22d, and which is about one mile and a half from Decatur. Here a road runs to the south, and I have directed that after sending a portion of his force into Decatur and clearing it, his principal reconnaissance be pushed but this south road till he finds the enemy's extreme right and fully carries out the instructions of the general's dispatch, keeping communication by flankers (as he may) with our picket-line in the new works made by the Army of the Tennessee. If the commanding general desires to modify these instructions I would like to be informed early. Also where Colonel Garrard will report to Colonel Reilly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 9.15 a. m., and to inform you that Colonel Garrard has been ordered to report Colonel Reilly on the Atlanta and Decatur road. Your instructions to Colonel Reilly will not be modified at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, July 29, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to hand you copies of dispatches* sent Colonel Cameron yesterday. Immediately after receiving the order from corps headquarters in the night of the 27th I sent Colonel Cameron a copy, simply directing him to make the reconnaissance in accordance with it. I then sent dispatch Numbers 1. to him at 5 o'clock in the morning. Between 7 and 8 I was myself near the batteries occupied by our troops in the old line, and hearing only a little skirmishing toward the right of his line of skirmishers, I sent my aide, Lieutenant Coughlan, with verbal directions to Colonel Cameron to push his advanced regiment more vigorously, and if the resistance was, as it seemed, chiefly on his right, to make the movement take that direction, moving up his supports from the works, and holding them well in hand to press the enemy, or to cover a retreat if his advance should meet a force greater than the whole of his. He appeared unwilling, as Mr. Coughlan reports, to receive any verbal instructions, saying he already had his orders in writing. After waiting more than an hour after Lieutenant Coughlan's return, and hearing no lively skirmishing, I sent dispatch Numbers 2, and a little later urged the same in person on Colonel Cameron's coming himself to report progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

* See p. 286.

---------------

