HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., July 29, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: A detachment of the Third Kentucky Cavalry, under the command of Captain Cummings, numbering 250 men, returned from Pickens County to-day, having been out seven days. They engaged Jordan's band of guerrillas, killing 9 and wounding 4; the latter made good their escape. Pickens County is thoroughly loyal. Nearly 1,000 persons met at Jasper to congratulate our troops upon their success. A company of home guards, numbering 128, was raised on the spot. A delegation of five waited on me to-day and applied for arms. I believe I can arm 400 loyal men in Gordon, Pickens, Gilmer, and Murray Counties. I respectfully request that arms be obtained for this purpose at the earliest practicable moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., July 29, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Two divisions of the Army of the Cumberland went to right to-day, and Thomas has put them in position. Says united testimony of all his generals is that enemy holds Atlanta with mere shell of an army. Stoneman heard from at Fayetteville. Successful so far. Six hundred and forty-two dead rebels counted and buried by Logan to-day. They must have lost 3,000 at least, while Logan's entire casualties are less than 500. We look for decisive action to-morrow. No fears of result.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 65. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. The commanding general takes pleasure in announcing to the troops command the result of the engagement of yesterday. The enemy repeatedly attacked, with great vigor and in heavy force, the Army of the Tennessee, commanded, since the death of the lamented General McPherson, by General Howard. At every point the enemy was repulsed with tremendous slaughter, our forces capturing several stand of colors and a number of prisoners. The rebels did not lose less than 10,000 in killed, wounded, and prisoners, while our loss did not exceed 2,000. Our victory was complete.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 82. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. Major General G. M. Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will reduce his command to one good line, keeping not more than one brigade as a reserve, relieving a portion of General Blair's left.

