HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have occupied the line designated for this corps, extending from the point previously occupied by the left of my right (Fourth) division to the point on the ridge to the extreme right indicated by Lieutenant-Colonel Strong. Several hours since the men commenced building works, and they are now sufficiently advanced to insure the safety of the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., July 30, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. of the Miss.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to represent that in the recent operations this command has became reduced to about 6,400 effective men. A large number of the officers and men of this corps have been left behind sick and slightly wounded in hospital at Cairo, Nashville, Louisville, Huntsville, and Rome, and I satisfied there are many of them ready for the field who been improperly detailed at there points and at Saint Louis, Mo. I have, therefore, the honor to request that sent to these points for the purpose of collecting and returning all men fit for duty to this command, with full authority to sent to the front officers and men who, in his opinion, have been improperly detailed or are absent without proper authority from this command. In the recent battles Major Kennard's regiment has been reduced to about twenty-five men, with whom there are two line and one field officer, so that he can easily be spared, and as he is an active and efficient officer, I am satisfied he will be able to collect a large number of men who will otherwise remain as extra nurses and servants to officers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, July 30, 1864.

JOHN A. SPOONER, Esq.,

Agent for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Nashville:

SIR: Yours from Chattanooga of July 28 is received, notifying me of your appointment by your State as lieutenant-colonel and provost-marshal for Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, under the act of Congress approved July 4, 1864, to recruit volunteers to be credited the quotas of the States, respectively. On applying to General Webster at Nashville, he will grant you a pass through our lines to these States, and as I have had considerable experience in those States would suggest recruiting depot to be established at Macon and Columbus, Miss,; Selma, Montgomery, and Mobile, Ala., and Columns, Milledgeville, and Savannah, Ga.

20 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

