
Second. Brigadier General J. M. Corse will stretch out the Second Division and occupy the ground vacated by General Fuller. The movement will be made immediately.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 30, 1864-8 p.,

(Received 12.15 p. m. August 1.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

No change since my last. Weather has been intensely hot, and to-day it is raining hard. General Garrard's cavalry is back. General Stoneman placed it at Flat Rock to cover his movement south. General Garrard reports the enemy's cavalry all round him for two days, when he charged out and went to Latimar's, where he heard that General Stoneman had passed Covington, so he got two full day's start for Macon. I will not hear of him for some days. From rumors among the people, I think he struck the road, for it is reported broken at Jonesborough. To-morrow night I will move General Schofield to the extreme right draw the enemy out to East Point. His works are too strong for an assault, and we cannot spare the ammunition for a bombardment.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

General WEBSTER, Nashville:

Many prisoners escaped from the enemy are coming in the lines, whom I pass to by the general's direction, and you will forward to their regiments, allowing, say, a week's leave at home.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Extreme Right, July 31, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I find that General Howard has simply taken up the line occupied by General Morgan on the afternoon of the 29th. If he would straighten his line and intrench it, his right would be much nearer the railroad. General Morgan and Ward could have supported his right whilst he was intrenching. Taking up the line did rendered it necessary for General Morgan to extend his line along the road to Green's Ferry or isolate his command. The reconnaissance has been ordered as you directed, but General Morgan will have to return in consequence of General Howard having taken up his line instead of extending his, Howard's, line toward the railroad, as I should have thought he would have done.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

