HDQRS. MILIARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I have further news of General McCook. The officer who commands the pontoon train is back with his boats at Vining's. At 2 p. m. on Friday General McCook was across at Rivertown with 3,000 men and started out. That night the officer saw large fires in the direction of the railroad. He was ordered to come back to Vining's, with his boat train by General McCook, who expected to come back by a circuit north.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Schofield and Howard.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CHAMBERLAND,July 31, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have just returned from the right. General Howard's troops only occupy the intrenchments made by Morgan and Ward, whereas he should have extended his line toward the railroad, throwing out as his intrenchments were completed. Morgan and Ward could then have supported his right as he extended his lines. I think Howard's army will reach very nearly to the railroad when intrenched and thrown out as my troops are. Should Schofield move to the right he will surely reach the road; thus Morgan and Ward can be held in reserve and in support of the right flank as it progresses toward the railroad. The reconnaissance your ordered was made to-day by Morgan. He found the enemy covered by a strong infantry skirmish line with artillery on a road leading direct to East Point from a house on the Green's Ferry road, about a mile from the rear of our right. The troops moved about a mile and a half on that road before encountering the enemy. Morgan returned to his camp toward night, as I did not see, it prudent to have him so far to Howard's right. I think I understand the directions of all roads leading toward East Point from all points directly in our rear.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I have your dispatch, which is most satisfactory. I think General Achofield, supported by General Davis and Ward, will reach the railroad. At all events, it is our true move. General Garrard's cavalry can occupy General Schofield's lines, and General Stanley's left, refused along Pea Vine, will make good flank, covering Buck Head and the Pace's Ferry road. This will enable you with your main army to press on Atlanta, which General Howard advances his right and General Schofield extends, supported by General Davis and Ward, will make an army equal to Hood's movable column. I thinks I appreciate General Garrard's good qualities, but he is so cautious that if forced to make a bold

