
of the most intense energy of attack to-night and in the morning and to press with vehemence at any cost of life and material. Every inch of his line should be felt and the moment there is a give, pursuit should be made-by day with lines, but by night with a single head of column and section of artillery to each corps, following a road. Hooker should communicate with McPherson by a circuit if necessary and act in concert. You know what loss would ensue to Johnston if he crosses his bridges at night in confusion with artillery thundering at random in his rear. I have reason to know that if our head of column had marched for Ruff's instead of Marietta we would have cut off 2,000 men and 300 wagons. But still we have now the best chance ever offered, of a large army fighting at a disadvantage with a river to his rear. Send copies of this to Hooker, Palmer and Howard. I have instructed Schofield, McPherson, and Garrard.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,July 2, 1864-3.40 a.m.

Major-General STANLEY:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, you will at once organize your troops and be ready for pursuit of the enemy. Your division will lead, followed by General Newton, then Wood.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS

Near Neal Dow Station, Ga. July 3, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my command has taken 167 prisoners-164 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,

July 3, 1864-4 a.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: It is reported to me that the enemy have disappeared from my front. General Ward is in possession of their works. Until further developments I shall advance on the Powder Springs road, and on lines parallel to it, to the right and left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

