
the report brought to a Mrs. Smith by a rebel patrol, Tom Jones, who told her that things were going badly; that Stoneman had left a small force to hold them in check at Flat Rock and had gone across to Jonesborough and destroyed the road for ten miles, and was going on down toward macon, destroying the road, that on Wednesday the troops in Atlanta had been allowed to plunder the stores and take all the liquors and goods.

Very res[pectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

There was a vedette (rebel) near the town as we entered it, and while there, some three hours, some ten or twelve showed themselves on the far side of some old fields half a mile beyond our picket. They left when fired on.

I. G.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,July 31, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My skirmishers were pushed forward early this morning and a strong line in front of General Logan in nature of a reconnaissance. General Logan's skirmishers came up on the enemy's line of skirmishers occupying rifle-pits from three-quarters of a mile to a from their main works, which can be plainly seen. They appear to be strongly intrenched all the way to my extreme right. Artillery was heard moving out from Atlanta, which stopped in front of General Logan's line. Our vedettes are now close upon the enemy.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., July 31, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

My scouts find only cavalry pickets of the army beyond our infantry flank. I did not know General Thomas would make a reconnaissance to-day on my right until I heard the firing. Should I take steps to advance prior to General Schofield's arrival, i. e., to close in on the enemy, it can easily be done. Captain Poe took a map with the information as to While Hall, &amp;c., that you required.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

General HOWARD:

I would like to, have a line of ground examined in front of what on your topographical maps is called the asylum, east and south. On studying my maps I think the road by which the enemy came the other day to attack you is the old Sandtown road, that it passes by White

