
tained at Memphis to take part in the recent operations of General A. J. Smith in Mississippi. Learning that this expedition has accomplished its purpose and has returned to Memphis, I have the honor to request that if consistent with the interests of the public service, these regiments and detachments may be ordered to rejoin this command without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

CARTERVILLE, GA., JULY 31, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Estes has just returned from a scout in the direction of Frighten. He captured 60 mules, 15 horses, brought in 40 sides of harness leather, and killed 5 of Jordan's guerrillas. All quiet throughout the entire country.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 67. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. To-morrow, the 2nd of August, all empty supply trains will be sent to the depot, and all other trains in rear of the Army of the Cumberland near the railroad, and be parked at a point to be selected by the chief quartermaster. The field hospital will also be moved to-morrow to some point in rear of the canter of the Army Cumberland. All practicable preparations will be made to withdraw the troops from their present position on the left at dark to-morrow evening, but special care must be observed to avoid doing anything within view of the enemy which might indicate that such movement is contemplated. Further orders relieve to the movement will be issued to-morrow.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 65. Before Atlanta, Ga., July 31, 1864.

I. In pursuance of Special Field Orders, Numbers 46, dated headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, July 30, 1864, Brigadier General Charles C. Walcutt, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, and will report accordingly to Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division .

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

