
them all the scattered detachments about there, and see that wagons are not grouped outside. Easton should use the brigade as his depot, instead of Vining's, but a picket should be on the hill overlooking Vining's. The guards at Marietta are enough. Kilpatrick's cavalry should be between Marietta and the railroad bridge, with patrols down about Sweet Water. A regiment of men in the old rebel intrenchments will be a prefect protection to the brigade and our depot on the other side.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

General THOMAS:

You had better order General Kilpatrick to march at once down by Marietta to our right flank, and to gather up the fragments of General McCook's cavalry and put it in shop[e, for enemy will surely cross over to that flank. Also, if you have regiment of cavalry up at Chattanooga, it could patrol about Resaca till we get more cavalry down. It may be that more of General McCook's men may escape.

W. T. AHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM GROSE,

Commanding First Division:

General: BY direction of the department commander, the Fourth Corps, aided by Garrard's cavalry, will maintain a force in General Schofield's works to-morrow. General Woods will maintain his present line, holding as many troops as possible ready to move to threatened point. General Grose will extend his left by placing Taylor's and Kirby's brigades in the present position of the two right brigades of Hascall's division. General Kimball's brigade will take post in the works on General Grose's left. These three brigades should relieve all od Hascall's division. General Garrard will relieve General Cox. The present picket-line of General Schofield will be maintained. The troops will move into position at night-fall to-night. All wagons of General Grose's division, excepting necessary ammunition wagons, will be sent within the new line made to-day. General Grose will retain four pieces of artillery in good position.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier General WILLIAM GROSE,

Commanding First Division:

General: In relieving General Hascall to-night caution your men to observe silence as much as possible. Our duty to-morrow is risky, but it is directed by General Thomas, and we must depend upon vigilance, bravery of our men, and our strong works. I will be on the

