
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 1, 1864. (Received 1.30 p.,.)

General SCHOFIELD:

You may fire from ten to fifteen shots from every gun you have in position into Atlanta that will reach any of its house. Fire slowly and with deliberation between 4 p. m. and dark. I have inquired into our reserve supply and the occasion will warrant the expenditure.

Thomas and Howard will do the same.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

VINING'S August 1, 1864-9 a. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General Department of the Ohio:

I have the honor to report that the Ninth Ohio Cavalry, the regiment left by General McCook in charge of the pontoon train, returned here with it the day after he crossed, as ordered to do by General McCook. The regiment has no orders with regard to watching the river for his return. The Fire Wisconsin Cavalry, part of General McCook's command, came back the next morning after he crossed the river, and is now in camp somewhere in this vicinity. the Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and First Wisconsin Cavalry are under the command of Colonel Hamilton, is not here at present; he left here an hour ago for headquarters of General Sherman. Under these circumstances I have deemed it proper to report the facts and await your ordered to move the pontoon train down the river to the vicinity of Campbellton, and watch the river for the return of General McCook. General crossed below Campbellton, about thirty miles from here. At the rete the train moves it will take two days to move to that point.

ISRAEL DARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 1, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Old Mr. Bowen, living just beyond the right of our line, says we have not yet reached the Sandtown road proper. The Green's Ferry road leads to White Hall, the Sandtown road and that being the same road from Atlanta to a point this side of White Hall.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

General HOWARD:

General Schofield has just been here. His troops are drawing out of their old lines, and will move for the right early in the morning. When he reaches you give him the right direction, so that when in position he will be within cannon-range of the railroad.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

