
interval between him and Logan. The major-general commanding desires you to communicate with him, and when he makes this disposition extend toward him as much as possible, thinning out along your left for that purpose.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

Captain BARNERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the corps, that the artillery fire from this division front resulted in developing a 20-pounder battery immediately adjoining the siege piece that had opened so frequently on our lines during the past three days. Also assured the chief of artillery of the fact that with the 3-inch ordnance he can shell the center of the city of Atlanta with tolerable accuracy. The rifled 32-pounder did not open. I further report that the officers and men of the battery in my front have noticed an unusual movement of troops and trains toward our right during the greater portion of the afternoon. The skirmish line, with the exception of the advance of one or two posts, is substantially the same. No casualties have been ascertained as resulting from the enemy's shell thus far.

I am, very respectfully, your obedience servant,

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

General JOHN E. SMITH,

Carterville:

I fear the enemy has caught one of my raiding parties, under General McCook, at Newman. You must be on the lookout, as the enemy will surely be on our railroad, but I shall expect them about Marietta or Vining's.

W. T. AHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, Ga., August 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel PREN METHAM,

Commanding Eightieth Ohio Infantry

(Through Headquarters Post Allatoona):

SIR: On the reception of this order, you will move by dirt road with your command to Resaca, Ga., and on your arrival there report to Colonel Green B. Raum, commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, for assignment to day.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

CARL. L. WHITE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

