
NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 1, 1864-9 p. m.

Major ECKERT:

Our cavalry, under General McCook, reached the Macon road, burned a brigade, and destroyed railroad for twelve miles at thoroughly as possible. Burned several trains of wagons-500 in all-including 300 loads of clothing, and Hood's headquarters train, but failed to get away; was attacked, cut off, defeated, and the greater part captured, including the general. Colonel Brownlow, who escaped, says the railroad cannot be repaired under fifteen days. Stoneman not heard from. Schofield's command swings from left to right to-day, and tomorrow he and Howard, with division of Davis and Ward, will go for East Point.

VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., Numbers 48. August 1, 1864.

I. During the next series of operations General Thomas will be the left, General Howard center, and General Schofield the right army. The two division of Generals Davis will continue to be held in reserve toward the right, and in case the enemy attack that flank, these division will report to and during the action obey General Schofield's order. When not engaged General Thomas will post them so as to cover his communication from danger comming from the southeast.

II. Brigadier-General Garrard's cavalry will relieve General Schofield on the left and occupy in part his trenches, patrol the roads about Decatur, and picket toward Roswell. He will report to General Thomas, and be prepared to sally out as cavalry from his trenches, in case of necessity.

III. All train of wagons going to and from the depots of Vining's and Marietta will follow roads converging at they railroad brigade, and never go north of Buck Head or south of Turner's.

IV. General Thomas will cause a new infantry flank to be prepared on his left, north of the Buck Head road, connecting General Stanley's front lines with the old rebel prepared near Peach Tree Creek.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 68. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. The troops will withdraw from their present position and move toward the right this evening. The movement will commence at dark and will be made by brigade from the left. Each brigade will remain in position until the preceding one got into the road and is well under way, so that the troops may not be detained in positions exposed to the enemy's artillery fire. The movement should be made quietly and in good order, with as little noise or display as possible. The picket-line will remain in its present position until it shall be remained by other troops, or until notified that our troops are withdrawn and that a new picket-line has been established by General Stanley's corps and General Garrard's cavalry, when our picket-line will quietly retire and join the

