
Mill, from there to Villa Rica and Atlanta road, and taking a left-hand road struck General Stoneman's pickets about 3 p.m. yesterday. Came on from there toward General Schofield's headquarters; when about one mile and a half this side of Noyes' Creek bridge I was stopped by a sergeant in charge of squad of cavalry pickets on the road; he would not allow me to come in or send me in under guard. I was compelled to stay there all night. I explained to the sergeant my business, and that I had valuable information for the Federal army. The sergeants name I cannot recollect nor his regiment; he belongs to Colonel Capron's command. Colonel Hill intimated to me that I would not find him in the same place when I came over again. At Marietta I discovered that all the wagons were being loaded and sent off toward the river. Trains were running rapidly all day; did not notice any troops on the cars. Friday night troops were moving toward the river;think it was a division; they came from the front near the mountain. J. C. Moore had been in Marietta on Thursday; left there that day. Did not see any fortifications as far back as I went, between Marietta and the river. A citizen living at the ferry, Baker's, informed me that they were fortifying at Campbellton; that they were going to mount cannon there. The cannon were to come from Fairburn. General Johnston has ordered out every negro to work on the fortifications. My opinion is that the army will not cross the river, making a stand on this side at the fortifications.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 3, 1864-4 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have heard from Stoneman. The force sent toward Campbellton returned, finding no enemy this side of Chattahoochee. All had crossed the river or Sweet Water Creek near its mouth, where there is a ford. Stoneman now holds a line from the right of our infantry to Ferguson's Bridge, a little above Sweet Water Factory. McCook is at the bridge over Sweet Water on the Powder Springs and Campbellton road. All is quiet along my lines. I have no report of any movement of the enemy.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 3, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My signal officer on Byrd's hill sees a long column of wagons and artillery moving south along the railroad, also a column of cavalry. He sees rebel troops cooking their breakfast in the fields across the Nickajack.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Marietta, July 3, 1864-11.35 a.m.

General SCHOFIELD:

General Thomas is moving directly down the road hence to railroad bridge. Garrard's cavalry is off to the left between railroad and Chat-

3 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

