
Tennessee General Smith will come to Decatur. Stephen D. Lee reenforced General Hood in Atlanta with troops brought from Mississippi.

As long as General Smith hovers between Memphis and Forrest, the latter will hardly venture across the Tennessee River. Answer by telegraph.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 2, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

After relieving brigade of Sixteenth Army Corps there will be but one regiment of infantry, 600 strong, to garrison Decatur. The works are very extensive and can only be held effectually by present garrison. If, however, we have nothing to apprehend from Forrest we can with one regiment of infantry and our cavalry hold it against all the force Roddey can bring. I must say I feel a little apprehension. A good portion of Forrest's force may slip by Smith, and that with Roddey's command make a dash on our road and Decatur. This you will see, by communications captured from Patterson and forwarded to General Thomas, they had in contemplation before Smith's advance called them into Mississippi. I will order the brigade to be prepared to leave as soon as transportation can be furnished. I have just finished inspection of the troops and defenses the entire length of the road and find them in pretty good condition.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigade-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 2, 1864.

(Received 1.10 p. m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

Describe to me your new position. I have just sent a telegraph operator on to your old headquarters, so that we will have telegraphic communication from right to, left.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 2, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have reconnoitered to the point reached by Morgan's division on his reconnaissance the other day, which is on the prolongation of Howard's new line and less than a mile from his right. I will put my troops in there and connect with Howard. The position faces a branch of Utoy Creek in foundry is not up. When I get it in position I will reconnoiter farther and give you a more accurate description. The enemy's intrenchments are visible in front of Howard's right, across the creek. I have not yet been able to determine hew far they extend, but will try to do so when my troops get up.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

