
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 53. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 2, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters for duty in compliance with extract V, Special Field Orders, Numbers 86, Department and Army of the Tennessee, is hereby assigned to the command of the Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Brigadier General J. W. Fuller will assume command of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 2, 1864.

I. Captain E. M. Joel, assistant quartermaster, having reported to these headquarters for duty, is announced as acting chief quartermaster of the corps. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Captain J. W. Barlow, U. S. Army, is announced as chief engineer respected accordingly.

By command of Major General Frank P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 2, 1864.

In order to improve the efficiency of the engineer department of this corps, the following directions will be strictly observed by all officers detailed upon engineering duty:

1. Whenever an engineer officer of a division leaves the division the commanding officer will immediately assign some one to perform his duties until an officer can be procured to take his place.

2. Division engineers will, without fail, report daily to the chief engineer of the corps any change which may take place in the position of his division, accompanying such report by a sketch as accurate as circumstances will permit. he will also endeavor to gain information of the nature of the country, roads, &amp;c., in the vicinity of the division, particularly toward the front, and will cause a detail of the pioneer corps to invariable prepare a good road parallel to the front, and covered as much as possible from the enemy's fire. he will keep an official journal of all engineer operations performed by the division, which must be forwarded to the chief engineer at these headquarters by noon every saturday, instead of every ten days, as was previously required. In these reports the movements of the division must be stated, also the names of all officers and enlisted men on engineer duty, and what they are doing. The division engineer should pay the greatest attention to the laying out of field-works, as the direction of a very small portion of

