
the line may decidedly affect the issue of an attack upon it, and in the construction of such works the pioneer corps will observe and obey the instructions given by the division engineer.

3. division commanders will at once fill up the pioneer corps to the maximum in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 47, headquarters Department of the Tennessee, July 24, 1863, and have the corps constantly supplied with the number of troops provided by said order. The commanders of pioneer corps will not omit to make their weekly returns of tools, &amp;c., to these headquarters by noon every Saturday, and their monthly returns will also be promptly forwarded. It is hoped that the division commanders and pioneer officers will do everything in their power to further the efficiency of the engineer department of the corps, which can only be done by an earnest co-working of all who are interested in its advancement.

By order of Major General Frank P. Blair:

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, August 3, 1864.

(Received 6.30 a. m. 4th.)

General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Richmond Dispatch to-day contains the following:

MACON, August 1, 1864-6 p. m.

Our cavalry under General Iverson attacked the enemy yesterday near Clinton. The Yankees, commanded by General Stoneman, routed, and Stoneman, 25 officers, about 500 prisoners, with 2 pieces of artillery, surrendered, and have just reached the city. The rest of the Yankee force is scattered and flying toward Eatonton.

U. S. GRANT, Lieutenant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 3, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m. 4th.)

Major General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have had pretty lively times to-day generally, closing in, taking some 200 or 300 prisoners. Under the pressure I got two divisions across the head of Utoy Creek, well toward the railroad, and to-morrow will bringing 1,200 of his men. He reports that on July 29 he broke the West Point road at Palmetto, and then crossed over to the Macon road, at Lovejoy's, where he took up 2 miles of track, burned 2 trains, 100 bales of cotton, and 5 miles of telegraph. He fell upon the rebel wagons train and burned over wagons and killed 800 mules. He captured 72 officers and 350 men, but his progress eastward and north, according to the plan, was stopped by a surer force of cavalry and he turned toward Newman, where he was completely surrounded. He ordered two of his small brigades to make their way to the Chattahoochee while he held the enemy. About 500 of then are in, but the balance, about 1,000, are doubtless captured or killed. He then with 1,200 men charged through in column, riding down Ross' (Texas) brigade and capturing Ross, the commander; but he had to drop all pris-

