
Have just returned from the extreme left. we keep up a pretty good display, and I think we can make the rebels believe we occupy the whole line. Have directed Stanley to advance his skirmish line. No reports from him yet. We are well up to the rebel works. Williams will improve his line to-morrow. I will visit the railroad brigade to-morrow, and then go to the right, unless you wish me to remain here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

MAJOR-GENERAL.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

General Thomas:

I would rather have you defer your visit to the railroad brigade another day. I think that to-morrow we can force the rebels to attack our right or be in a tight place. I will be there, and want you to take advantage of any change.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 3, 1864. (Received 12.20 p. m.)

General THOMAS and STANLEY:

I have the dispatch slowing the enemy moving to meet ours on this flank. This p. m. Hascall's division, of Schofield, and one of Palmer's will cross Utoy Creek to the east, and will so threaten the railroad that I thinks the enemy will so far weaken the defenses of Atlanta that a bold dash might make a lodgment about Wood's front; at all events make the attempt with a strong line of skirmishers. Howard has successfully advanced his line, taking the enemy's pits and his skirmishers.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS,

August 3, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have been out to the Augusta railroad to-day. The rebels are still there, but I will have them felt this p. m. to ascertain their strength.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 3, 1864. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

Our movement to-day on the extreme right will surely draw the enemy to East Point. He may possibly attack on our left, but I think not. We should, however, feel every approachable point of Atlanta and artillery, when he must see troops moving at Palmer's front, are suspicious. If you want to communicate with me during the day, I will be at or near Schofield's. I would like any symptoms, however trivial, re-

