
ported. I would like to have the skirmishers about Wood's and Newton's front to push a reconnaissance as far forward as is possible, and to use considerable artillery about 4 p. m.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same tom General Thomas.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 3, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have the honor to report, in answer to your inquiry, that I carried the picket-line on the whole corps front, excepting Gibson's [brigade], of Wood's division. Newton's men went within 100 yards of the star fort. the rebels opened from at least twenty pieces. the rebels rallied and drove back Hazen's skirmishers. We took about 40 prisoners. There of Chatham's brigades are certainly in our front. they say Cleburne is on the rebel right. We could see troops move in and deploy in the works during the fight. I sent through General Thomas a Chattanooga Rebel paper of the 3rd of August. stoneman was at Clinton on the 1st. He has destroyed Oconee bridge, burned cars, &amp;c., on Central Railroad. I had 30 or 40 killed and wounded to-day. My belief is that the rebel force is quite strong on this front yet. Gibson met a destructive fire of musketry and canister.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 3, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

I think of pushing a reconnaissance out from the left of my line, and opening artillery upon the city. I may attack the rebel picket-line. Would like the opinion of General Thomas.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

AUGUST 3, 1864.

General STANLEY, Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you organize a strong skirmish line and make a bold dash against the enemy, capturing their picket-line at any rate.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the result of our operations this afternoon:

At 4.30 p. m. I advanced the re-enforced skirmish lines of Crose's, Wood's, and Newton's division. I carried the rebels picket-line on the

