
whole corps front excepting in front of Gibson's brigade, of Wood's division. Gibson met a destructive fire of musketry and canister. Newton's men went within 100 yards of the star fort. The rebels opened upon us at least twenty pieces of artillery. after Hazen had taken the enemy's skirmish rifle-pits, about three-quarters of a mile from our works and about 100 yards from the enemy's works, the rebels sallied out and drove his skirmishers back. We have taken about 40 prisoners. Three of Cheatham's brigade as are in our front. The prisoners report that Cleburne's division is on the rebel right. We could see troops move in and occupy the works during fight. We lost about 30 killed and wounded. My belief is that the rebel force is quite strong in my front yet. The rebel's right, as pointed out by the deserter you sent to me, rest on the Augusta railroad, with their right thrown back.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Forwarded to General Sherman by General Thomas.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General GROSE,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding direct me to say that in accordance with instructions received from department headquarters, General Wood's troops will make a dash at about 4.30 this p. m., for the purpose of trying to capture or drive in the enemy's skirmish line. If a favorable point is discovered or opportunity is offered in your front, your troops will make a like attempt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Verbal orders similar to the above given to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HDQRS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 3, 1864.

General WAGNER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: You will immediately re-enforce your skirmish line with one regiment as support. You will advance you skirmish line at 4.30 p. m. precisely, taking the enemy's skirmish pits; when this is done part of your supports will continued to occupy the present skirmish pits. Put a good officer in command. Draw in all your working parties and have your line fully manned. Get your time at these headquarters. You have no time to lose.

By order of Brigadier-General Newton:

J. S. RANSOM,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

