HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

general GRANGER,

Decatur:

I want that brigade. stephen D. Lee is here from Mississippi with 3,500 cavalry, dismounted. Deserters say also that Forrest is here, but, if so, only for consultation. Get General Lorenzo Thomas to give you some negro regiments to hold the railroad stations and bring forward any troops you can get. Consult General Rousseau.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff;

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following for your information: J. M. Glass, scout, left the town of Atlanta this morning about 9 o'clock; says that Roddey and Humes (or Holmes) have arrived with re-enforcements, said to number 10,000 men, principally dismounted cavalry. Three thousand militia arrived last night from below; saw this force marching through town this morning. One battalion, commanded by Yougblood, from Columbus, arrived about one week ago. Trains appear to be running regularly to and from Macon. Trains came in on that road last night and this morning. About 600 prisoners were sent off yesterday by railroad to Macon. General Bragg and Johnston are in the city; did hear anything said about Johnston resuming the command; understood they had nine or ten 64-ponders in position; think the principal strength of the enemy is on their left and left center. Colonel Hill, provost-marshal-general, being intoxicated, could not get a pass to enable him (Glass) to visit the lines. The enemy seems to be putting every man into the ranks they can get hold of. Colonel Hill told me they were mounting some new 32-pounders Parrotts in front; did not learn at what part of the line, but understood they were placed in the forts. The enemy say they have captured General Stoneman and 500 of his command, a large portion of the number officers. Stoneman is said to have arrived in front of Macon and commanded shelling the town. the convalescents and militia opposed him, and kept him at bay until General Wheeler's cavalry got in his rear. Stoneman fought his way back fifteen miles before he was taken. that part of his command not killed or captured is reported scattered, with cavalry after them. this information is from a telegram received by General Hood from Macon. McCook destroyed about one mile and a half of the railroad between Jonesborough and Griffin. The road is repaired, however, and trains are running as before. Glass says he came out on south side of Augusta railroad and passed the works on our left is about half way between Atlanta and decatur, and that there is only a small force opposite our left, composed of militia and a few cavalry. Saw one fort in front of McPherson's old works; saw four guns in it-12 or 20 punsters. There is no forage in the city whatever. stock is bein g fed on small patches of green corn in and around the town. they appear to have pliantly of subsistence on hand for present

