
this point, and made a scout on the road that crosses Utoy Creek at Dollar's Mill. This last road leaves the main road about five miles from here. There has not been for some days rebel force across Utoy Creek (on the side). The scouts made to-day have crossed Utoy Creek at three places and nothing has been met with but six or seven rebel cavalryman that were part of a scout of about twenty-five, probably, that went back over the creek at Dollats' Mill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel Seventh Ohio Volunteers Cavalry.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 3, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major ECKERT:

No fight yet. right pushed across Utoy Creek toward railroad near East Point, without finding anything but skirmish line, which retired upon being pressed. McCook has turned up near Dallas, having cut his way through the enemy with 1,200 men. Only 1,000 men of his command now missing, under General Croxton, and they may be safe. No news from Stoneman except from rebels, who say Wheeler caught and thrashed him fifteen miles from Macon after he had shelled that town.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 121. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Major General D. S. Stanley, U. S. Volunteers, having been assigned by the president of the United states to the command of the Fourth Army Corps, Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the First Division of that corps.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Richmond Dispatch to-day [yesterday] contains following:

MACON, August 1.

Our cavalry under General Iverson attacked the enemy yesterday near Clinton. The Yankees, commanded by General Stoneman, were routed, and about 500 prisoners, with 2 pieces of artillery, surrendered, and have just reached the city. The rest of the Yankee force is scattered and flying toward Eatonton.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

