
CITY POINT, VA., August 4, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Richmond papers of yesterday announce the capture of General Stoneman and 500 of his party near Macon. Ga. The capture took place the 31st of July. Have you heard anything of this?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 4, 1864.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

General Stoneman had only 2,300 men; 900 have got in. I fear the balance are captured as related in your dispatch. General Stoneman was sent to break railroad, after which I consented he should attempt the rescue of our prisoners at Andersonville.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 4, 1864-1.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m. 5th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

I have your second dispatch about General stoneman. I have newspapers with dates from Macon of the 1st, speaking of Stoneman's capture as a rumor, but not as a fact. He started from here in connection with other parties have got back. He had 2,300 men, and after breaking the Macon road, he was to make an effort to rescue our prisoners. Colonel adams, with 900 of his men, got back to Marietta to-day and telegraph me he was attacked at Clinton, ga., by overwhelming numbers, and they fear he is captured. it may be so, but I hope he may, like McCook, dodge and get in. Washburn is moving from Holly spring on Columbus, Miss. He thinks that forrest is dead of the wound received in his battle with General Smith. The country in which I am operating is very difficult for large army, and the defensive positions very strong and hard to circumvent, but preserve will move mountains. I ought to be better advised of your plans and movements. I hear you have blown up the other bastion of Petersburg, but don's know near you are to getting full possession of the place, or its bearing on Richmond. Hood uses his militia to fill his lines, and shows a bold front wherever I get at him.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 4, 1864.

(Received 10.45 p. m.)

COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE U. S. ARMY:

Cannot something be done at Washington to stimulate the Quartermaster's Department to greater exertions in the way of transportation of our subsistence stores from the Ohio River to Nashville? Our supplies will soon be exhausted, and no visible and adequate means have been instituted to bring additional stored forward.

A. BECKWITH,

Colonel and Chief Commissary.

