HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

If I could have known this yesterday I would have consented to General Kimball's going to General Howard. General Hazen is so identified with the Fourth Corps that I would like very much to keep him with it. I will consent to the transfer of General Kimball to the Army of the Tennessee, and then place Hazen in command of the First Division, Fourth Corps, or consent to the transfer of Major-General Milroy to the Army of the Tennessee.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 4, 1864.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

I wish you to have persons on your lookout stations all along the line to observe closely the movements of the enemy, and hold your troops ready to take advantage of any opportunity to move on their intrenchments. General Sherman thinks his movements this morning will either force them to attack him or place their communications in a critical condition. One of my scouts came in last night. He reports their force opposed to you as weak, its right flank supported by a brigade of cavalry. Martin's division of cavalry is posted on the south of the railroad, and about half way between Atlanta and Decatur. Garrard had better send out a small scouting party of active and intelligent men to find Martin's division and reconnoiter this position, with a view of attacking him if the ground be favorable. McCook has got back with about 1,200 men.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.--You had better make your headquarters at the house recently occupied by General Sherman, leaving the telegraph office at Wood's headquarters.

G. H. T.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Kirby, of Grose's division, just reports as follows: "Our lookout reports that they discover the enemy moving columns of troops to our left." They could discover one entire regiment, and then portions of columns marching by the flank as they moved past an open space. I am just starting over to the left to investigate this matter.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

23 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT V

