
ent with my self-respect to waive the question or my views of our relative rank, I would obey his orders as cheerfully as I would those of any gentleman connected with the army.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864--9 a. m.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs me to send you the inclosed order of Major-General Sherman* and to say that the withdrawal of troops from this part of the line for important operations on the right possibly may induce the enemy to make a demonstration and perhaps an attack on our lines. He directs that all the troops be kept well in hand at the breast-works; that all the reserves be stationed at the weakest points in the lines, and everything be in readiness for immediate use. The reserves of the First Division will be held near the railroad. The general desires that all commanding officers will be with their commands during the day and see personally to the dispositions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Geary and Ward.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. T. WARD, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs that you push the work on the new breast-works to the utmost, and occupy them with your troops at the earliest possible moment. General Thomas has so ordered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL DEPT., ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

August 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following just received from station of observation at General Geary's headquarters:

Can see no movement whatever in Atlanta nor along the works. Some of the works in front of Twentieth Corps very strong, having in some cases two rows sharpened sticks and one and two rows abatis. Can see considerable artillery firing at a point due southwest from here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

---------------

*See p. 364.

---------------

