
DECATUR, August 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Two regiments of brigade, now loading on cars, will be off soon. Others will follow soon as transportation is furnished to four guns belonging to brigade artillery, without horses and short of men. Shall they go forward? Rousseau is looking up all the troops he can find. Don't know how he has succeeded. Will apply for negro regiments. If I can get them I can forward Tenth Indiana Cavalry, 900 strong. Six companies of Ninth, also dismounted, could be replaced by colored troops.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Colonel Garrard drove the rebel pickets across Utoy Creek, at Dollars' Mill, and at the bridge near its mouth, so that there is now no rebel cavalry this side of the creek. I propose in the morning to work forward from Hascall's left toward the high wooded hill occupied by the rebel artillery, thus shortening the line across to Howard, and if possible gain the hill. I can do nothing on my right until Palmer works up onto the Sandtown road. I will hold Cox ready to strike there as soon as the movement on the right will justify it.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga. August 4, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I am willing you should attempt to carry that wooded hill to the left front of General Hascall, but its value is not great as compared to advancing our extreme right to and beyond the Sandtown road. So we conform our general line close to theirs, it makes little difference to us where their line is.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

(Received 9.50 a. m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

As a preliminary move to that prescribed in orders, I suggest you dispatch at once a brigade of General Palmer's reserve down the peninsula between Utoy and Chattahoochee toward Utoy Post-Office, to have the effect of making the enemy believe we propose to extend our lines down the big Sandtown road; the cavalry to move on their right, and none to go beyond Utoy Creek. The cavalry to remain and demonstrate as though we intended to cross there, and the infantry to rejoin its division.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

