HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, July 3, 1864-6 a.m.

Major General GEORGE STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The enemy abandoned Kenesaw in the night and has fallen back along his entire line how far does not yet appear. General Thomas is following. General McPherson is moving over onto our right, according to yesterday's orders. If the enemy cross the river we will resume our old place on the left. Garrard remains for the present on the left of Thomas and protecting the railroad. During the present keep up communication with whatever infantry my be on the right and act in concert with it. I will write you more fully when I hear more from Sherman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, Moss' House, Ruff's, Mill Road,

July 3, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11.35 to Major-General Schofield has just been shown me. General Blair's command is here, and General Dodge is following closely. Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, with Lightburn's brigade, supported by Hascall's division, will make a strong demonstration at Ruff's Mill and, if possible, secure a good position on the east side of Nickajack Creek. Gresham's division is moving down to Widow Mitchell's which is a little over a mile in front of Brigadier General Giles Smith's position. As soon as Gresham reaches Widow Mitchell's, two regiments of Giles Smith's brigade, which are there, will make a demonstration toward Turner's Ferry. Major-General Stoneman's cavalry, I understand is on this side of Sweet Water, and is pushing east from Sweet Water Factory toward the Nickajack and Chattahoochee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Marietta, July 3, 1864-6.15 p.m.

General McPHERSON:

Thomas has Hooker on the road out of Marietta, which is called an Atlanta road, but runs to the Sandtown road, crossing Nickajack at Ruff and Daniel's Mill. He finds the enemy intrenched a mile this side the mill. Howard is on the main Atlanta road, which is on the left of the railroad, and Palmer intermediate, all finding the enemy near the line indicated by the cross-road from above Wade's to the main road about a mile and a half below Ruff's. Now, I am convinced the enemy left Marietta in haste and confusion this morning. All the columns have taken many prisoners, and had the pursuit been vigorous we would have secured 3,000 or 4,000 prisoners and many wagons. Now the halt is, of course, to save time. If you ever worked in your life,

