
Sandtown road more to the right, and close to the left on General Davis. The connection between you and General Howard is not important. Slash down the timber in the valley of Utoy, and a single battery with a regiment of skirmishers will hold a mile against the whole of Hood's army. I want all of your army and General Palmer's corps to turn the enemy's left, and the sooner it is done the better. I wish you to make written orders, so that Generals Palmer and Baird cannot mistake them. Their delay this afternoon was unpardonable. If the enemy ever gets a column through our lines, we will let go our breast-works and turn on his flanks, and, therefore, I do not care about our line being continuous and uniform. If they sally it will be quick and by some well-defined road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 4, 1864--9.20 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have your dispatch directing me to order certain movements by General Palmer's corps. I did not understand that the question of rank raised by General Palmer was settled. In his reply to my orders for to-day's movements and your order to report to me he said: "I will not obey either General Sherman's order or yours," the reason being his assumed seniority. In subsequent conversations he still maintained the same ground and I did not understand him to yield or you to decide the question after you arrived but to waive it, with the remark that no such question could arise between such men, and that we could co-operate harmoniously. I feel confident that General Palmer understands the question as having been so waived. Please inform me if you gave General Palmer distinctly to understand that he is to obey my orders. Please have it understood before I send him orders for to-morrow. It is a very delicate and unpleasant matter for me to correspond with him about.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864--12.15 p. m.

Major General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Schofield directs me to inform you that the attack to-day will be made at 3 p. m. instead of at 2 p. m., as previously ordered. The general desires you, however, to continue your preparations in order to be sure to be ready at that hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Cox and Hascall.)

