HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Utoy Creek, Ga., August 4, 1864.

General THOMAS:

General Sherman directed me to telegraph you and say the troops of Generals Schofield and Palmer were advancing across Utoy Creek and toward the Sandtown road. General Sherman is on the hill this side of the creek and just above Herring's Mill.

W. C. BARTLETT,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to General Stanley.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Schofield directs me to forward you the inclosed Special Field Orders, Numbers 71, current series, from these headquarters, for to-morrow's movements of the Fourteenth and Twenty-third Army Corps.* The order is sent to you as the senior and commanding general of the Fourteenth Army Corps, as Major-General Palmer still adheres to the views he expressed on yesterday. In order to prevent any delay, Generals Baird and Morgan have been furnished with copies of the inclosed orders direct from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Utoy Creek, August 4, 1864--3.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

SIR: I have made a personal reconnaissance of General Hascall's right and Baird's left. General Baird has not yet moved and told me five minutes ago he had as yet no orders. Reilly's brigade is in the creek bottom ready to cross. I have halted the others in the road out of sight. Any advance from Hascall's right will be taken in rear by the enemy's fire until General Baird's right is swung forward so as to continue the direction of the line in its prolongation as it leaves Hascall. A little further to the left the ground is open and an advance would have no cover whatever. There is a ridge running straight forward from Hascall's right on which a movement can be made whenever it is covered from the rear fire of which I have spoken. An officer whom I take to be one of General Palmer's staff has just passed seeking General Baird.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 364.

---------------

