HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that in accordance with orders I advanced my skirmish line to-day, taking the rebel rifle-pits just before dark. The enemy attacked my line heavily along its entire front and drove me back. I re-enforced the line until I had five regiments engaged, and retook the pits and now hold them. The ground, however, is untenable, from the fact that at dark the advance of the troops on my left had not connected, my line being in advance of their skirmishers, and General Leggett reported that he could not hold his line, and fell back to the old line. I therefore ordered that my line should be held and intrenched as far in advance of the old line as the connection on the right and left would admit. Prisoners captured say that our extreme advance was within 600 yards of their main works.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 4, 1864.--For Logan to Clark, reporting skirmish on August 3, with table of casualties, see Part III, p. 87.]

MARIETTA, August 4, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Colonel Adams, commanding brigade of Stoneman's cavalry, is here with the First and Eleventh Kentucky, about 900 strong. He thinks that the balance of the command are prisoners, including General Stoneman. He cut the railroad south of Macon. The command was overwhelmed by the rebels between Monticello and Clinton.

SAML. ROSS,

Colonel Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

Colonel ROSS,

Marietta:

Let Colonel Adams collect all of General Stoneman's cavalry, make his depot at Marietta, and picket Roswell in connection with the regiment of infantry there. I will trust that General Stoneman will fight his way out like General McCook. Tell Colonel Adams to make a minute report of the facts and let me draw conclusions.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROME, August 4, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

A considerable body of the enemy are reported to have crossed the Coosa below here for the purpose of making a raid upon the railroad.

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

