
NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 4, 1864--11 p. m.

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Nothing accomplished to-day, movements having been brought to deadlock by squabble about rank between Schofield and Palmer, which at this hour is unsettled. Hope to do something to-morrow but cannot say exactly what. No further news from Stoneman's force.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., Numbers 51. August 4, 1864.

The order of movement of the army to-day will be as follows:

I. Major-General Schofield with his own command and General Palmer's corps will move directly on the railroad which leads south out of Atlanta, at any point between White Hall and East Point, and will not stop until he has absolute control of that railroad, but must not extend more to the right than is absolutely necessary to that end.

II. Major-Generals Thomas and Howard will press close on the enemy at all points, and re-enforce well the points of the line where the enemy is most likely to sally, viz, on the Decatur, Buck Head, and Turner's Ferry roads, but more especially watch the outlet along the railroad, viz, General Williams' front.

III. On the right we must assume the offensive and every man be prepared to fight, leaving knapsacks, &amp;c., in the present trenches. Wagons will not be taken east of Utoy Creek until General Schofield has secured position on the railroad or so near it that it can be reached by musket-balls and canister. If necessary to secure this and ordinary parapets must be charged and carried, and every hour's delay enables the enemy to strengthen. Therefore let it be done to-day.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 71. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

I. To carry out the orders for the day from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi the following movements will be made: Generals Baird's and Hascall's divisions will press forward close to the enemy's works from left to right, make a strong and continuous demonstration, and even attack in case the character of the enemy's works or the strength of his forces indicate that they can be carried. General Palmer will support General Baird's right, with one division in reserve. General Cox's division (three brigades), of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and one division of General Palmer's corps will be formed into strong columns of attack to the right and rear of General Baird's, prepared to attack the enemy's position in their front at 2 p. m. The advance of the attacking force will be immediately preceded by a very strong line of skirmishers, to drive the enemy into his intrenchments, and press close enough to be able to reconnoiter well the position. The commanders of the attacking force will quickly reconnoiter the enemy's

