
lines and select their points of attack. If it be found that the enemy's works are only ordinary parapets and without impassable abatis or other serious obstructions in front, the assault will be made at once, so as not to leave time for the enemy to re-enforce the points threatened. If the commanders judge that the enemy's line cannot be carried, the assault will be delayed and the reconnaissance continued to the right. If a point of the enemy's line be carried, the advantage will be pressed as vigorously as practicable until a point be gained commanding at short musket-range the railroad. The point of the railroad to be gained is about east or southeast from the point of attack. General Cox will swing forward Barter's and Crittenden's brigades, so as to substantially connect General Howard's right and General Hascall's left, and strongly intrench the new position. General Cox's attacking column will form on the left, immediately to Baird's right, and that of General Palmer's corps on the right. General Palmer's reserve division will support the right.

* * * * * *

IV. The movements of the Fourteenth and Twenty-third Corps to-morrow will be as follows, viz: At 5 a. m. General Johnson will move for the Sandtown road and push forward vigorously along that road until he connects with, or comes in close supporting distance to, General Davis. At 6 a. m. General Baird will push forward his whole line, conforming it substantially to the direction of the enemy's works, until he drives in the enemy's skirmishers and draws the fire of their line. General Davis' division will advance in support of General Baird's right, and, if it can be done without seriously exposing his own flank, will prolong General Baird's line until he crosses the Sandtown road; in which case General Johnson, on coming up, will be in reserve. If General Davis finds it impracticable to cross the road before General Johnson comes up, will refuse his right until General Johnson arrives within supporting distance, when General Davis will swing forward, leaving General Johnson in reserve. General Baird will move without reference to his connection with General Hascall. General Cox will promptly fill any gap which may be [made] by his movement and will support him in case of an attack by the enemy. In addition to the above, General Cox will hold his division in readiness to be used as an assaulting force at any point which may be selected after the movements above ordered have been executed. If in the above movement either division reach a point of the enemy's line which, in the opinion of the division commander, can be carried, he will assault at once, notifying his superior officer and the commanders of the adjacent divisions of his intentions, so that they may promptly take advantage of any success he may gain. If the troops find themselves confronting positions too strong to be carried, they will intrench at once, and prepare to hold their lines with as small force as practicable, when the movement will be continued to the right, with a view to turn the enemy's left or reach a point of his lines which can be assaulted with success. Promptness and vigor are essential to the success of this movement. If General Palmer finds that he can reach the enemy's flank by detaching a division a short distance to the right, he will send the division with orders to strike the flank vigorously and, by forcing the enemy back, secure its connection with the corps. In case of such a movement, General Cox will move to the right as a reserve. General Johnson will watch well his right and rear during his advance on the Sandtown road, and keep a strong skirmish line well out in those directions. General Hascall will thin out his line as much as he can with

