
safety, so as to obtain a strong reserve for use at other points of the field. He will use his artillery freely, and press his skirmishers during the movements on his right.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 88. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. Major-General Schofield having been ordered to move his command, with the corps of Major-General Palmer, in order to throw himself across the railroad, commencing the movement at 3 o'clock this p. m., the following are the orders for this army:

1. At 2.30 p. m. to-day the line of skirmishers will be doubled, and the enemy pressed hard along the whole line.

2. All the men in the trenches will stand under arms during the demonstration, without their knapsacks.

3. Major-General Logan's division will be held where it now is, in readiness to move to any point at a moment's warning.

4. It is desirable that corps commanders personally superintend the movement of the skirmishers, using their artillery when and where they deem necessary with a view to keeping the enemy in his works and to deceive him as to the real movement.

5. The general or some of his staff will be at De Gress' battery near the right of line.

* * * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, will as soon as able for duty proceed to Memphis, Tenn., and report to Major General C. C. Washburn for assignment to the command of the District of Vicksburg. The major-general commanding takes this occasion to express his sincere regret that the failing health of General Smith has compelled him to leave the front, where during this campaign he has so gallantly distinguished himself, and added to his already brilliant reputation as a skillful and an accomplished officer, winning the confidence and esteem of his superiors and endearing himself to this whole command.

IX. Major-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will direct the Ninth Illinois Cavalry* to establish their headquarters on the Green's Ferry road, and form a line of pickets from the right of the infantry or cavalry (if there be any cavalry on the right of the line) to the main Utoy Creek, keeping up their patrol, and reporting the result frequently to these headquarters. Major-General Dodge will cause his front to be reconnoitered by his engineer officer with a view to the establishment of a new advanced line to connect with the new line to be established in front of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

2. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Corps, will cause his front to be reconnoitered with a view to the establishment of a new line. He will direct his engineer officer to act in concert with the engineer officers of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps, under the supervision of Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer.

3. Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will cause his front to be reconnoitered, and will connect his advanced line

---------------

*Mounted infantry.

---------------

