
with the Seventeenth Corps, directing his engineers to co-operate with the engineers of the Seventeenth Army Corps, under the direction of Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer.

4. The object being to advance as rapidly and as far as possible toward the enemy's position, corps commanders will act in concert, secure all vantage ground and every commanding position.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 54. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 4, 1864.

I. In order to successfully carry out Special Field Orders, Numbers 88, Department and Army of the Tennessee, the following instructions will be complied with as near as possible by division commanders:

First. The skirmish line will be doubled, ready to advance before the appointed time. As soon a knowledge of the ground will be obtained as possible, and when the advance is made, the batteries will open upon the skirmish line of the enemy and his rifle-pits carried; the move to be made in conjunction on the right with the Seventeenth Corps and on the left, if practicable, with the Twentieth Corps.

Second. After the enemy's line is carried and during the time batteries will continue to play upon the enemy's main works or any of his troops that may be discerned. Commanders of divisions will have an understanding with the division commanders on their right and left, so that the advance can be made in unison.

Headquarters of the general commanding will be on the hill near the signal station.

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m. 6th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The time has now come that we must have the exclusive use of the Northwestern road from Nashville to Reynoldsburg. It has been substantially done for some time, but Governor Johnson retains the management of it for some reason, under your former orders; but to be of service of us in the present emergency it must be in the control of Mr. Anderson, superintendent of military roads, that trains may run continuously from the Tennessee River, at Reynoldsburg, to our camp. This main road has been admirably managed, and has supplied this vast army, so that not a man, horse, or mule has been for a day without food and abundant supplies of clothing and ammunition. Our progress may be slow to you all at a distance, but if you ever cross this ground you will not accuse us of being idlers.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

