HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am surprised to receive such a report of the Fourteenth Corps, for it has always been prompt in executing any work given to it heretofore. If General Palmer is an obstacle to its efficiency, I would let him go. I had the Fourth and Twentieth Corps demonstrate strongly on the enemy's line from 12 m. until night. They found the intrenchments heavily manned. I will have the skirmishers feel forward again to-night to see if the enemy have left. The Fourth and Twentieth Corps now occupy the whole line held by the Twenty-third, Twentieth, and Fourth Corps before the movement on the right commenced, consequently they are in single line, and it will be impossible to form an assaulting column. I sent Whipple to the right to-day. He has just returned and informed me that all that was done to-day on the right was done by Baird's division, which advanced in obedience to Schofield's orders, but not being supported either on its right or left, General Baird fell back to his former position after having driven the enemy from two lines of rifle-pits, and capturing 160 prisoners, losing about 100 men himself.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Colonel Warner, one of my inspectors-general, who was on the right all day, reports nothing done or would be done. Will General Johnson be any better than General Palmer? I would prefer to move a rock than to move that corps. On the defensive it would be splendid, but for offensive it is of no use. It must have a head that will give it life and impulse. I was ashamed yesterday and kept away on purpose to-day to see if orders would not move it, but if an enemy can be seen by a spy-glass the whole corps is halted and intrenched for a siege. Unless it will attack I must relieve it in orders and state the reason. I will call for official reports and act to-night. Is General Johnson capable of handling the corps till we can have General Davis commissioned and ordered to the command?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Johnson ought to be able to maneuver the corps. He has commanded a division for more than two years.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

Generals THOMAS and HOWARD:

I hear General Schofield engaged well off to the right. Always push up against Atlanta at the weakest points in your front assaulting

