
some proper punishment for falsehood and slander in newspapers as is partially the case with individuals.

Each military commander subject to me may suppress all disorders and immoralities in the sphere of his command as he best may, but my belief is that the proper remedy is in punishing the men who publish malicious and false articles, if residing in his jurisdiction, or in punishing ingominously the circulators of the books and papers containing the nuisance. A mere order of suppression simply excites the curiosity of the thoughtless, who, through the mails, can easily defeat any effort at suppression. Thus, left the commanding officer at Nashville put in a public stocks any venders of obscene or libelous sheets, and give a god horsewhipping to any editor who would dare advise our soldiers to avoid their honorable contracts of enlistment, confiscate his press, and use his types for printing quartermasters' blanks. This is all the notice I would take of such things at this epoch of the storm the unlicensed press has brought upon our country.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur:

Keep the battery and sent only the infantry of Colonel Howe's brigade. They need not bring wagons; we have enough here. Send the balance of men and horses of the Ninth Ohio Cavalry, Colonel Hamilton, to Marietta, where he is with his regiment. Rousseau's command lost but little in the McCook expedition, except in the person of Colonel Harrison, who is, I think, a prisoner and not killed as first reported. I have seen an intercepted rebel letter speaking of him as a prisoner. Nine hundred of General stoneman's men are in; balance, about 1,200, are still out, and I have a hope they will fetch up at Pensacola or somewhere, like General McCook. General Washburn dispatches from Memphis, August 2, that he is marching with a strong army on Columbus, Miss. He thinks Forrest died of his wound received in his fight with General A. J. Smith. Get your cavalry well together in as good order as possible, under some young active commander, but I have no idea now that any attempt will be made on Tennessee as long as General Washburn keep things moving there, and I hammer away at Atlanta. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

DECATUR, August 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

The last train loaded with the Third Brigade has pulled our for Chattanooga.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

