
four to six miles in advance? I am instructed also by Major-General Steedman to say to you for your guidance now and hereafter that should you be attacked it will be expected of you to hold your position as long as you can without endangering your command, and should that be the case you will move all property that can be moved to this place and as a last resort fall back upon this post. Two guns from Fort Mihalotzy is the signal for alarm. Thirteen guns will be fired at sunrise as a Federal salute. Now, colonel do you stay in your bed to-night unless attacked and send your officers to attend to picket duty. I will take the liberty of sending a line by the orderly to the company half way up the mountain directing them to have out three sentinels and to be watchful.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SUGAR VALLEY, GA., July 3, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I have just received dispatch from Watkins, stating enemy are advancing on him in force, and asking me to come to assistance; it is twenty miles, and I will leave as soon as possible, halting at Ship's Gap, five miles this side, until I learn more. If Watkins is confronted by a large force I recommend the evacuation of La Fayette in preference to attempting to get troops enough there to hold it. You must answer this dispatch at once,so that it will overtake me to-night, and I shall know definitely.

Respectfully,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Colonel Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., July 3, 1864.

Colonel CROXTON.,

Resaca, Ga.:

I have received some information from Watkins and sent orders by him. You will hold Ship's Gap with a sufficient force, lading all the assistance you can to Watkins, and if confronted too strong fall back toward Ringgold, securing Gordon's Springs Gap, but using most of your force to check the advance of the enemy. There are 700 infantry and a section of artillery at Gordon's Mills; keep them advised. Leave your wagons at Resaca.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

S. B. MOE

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, Tenn., July 3, 1864-5.50 p.m.

Colonel CROXTON,

Fourth Kentucky Mounted Infantry:

COLONEL: Inn the event of an advance of the enemy just reported to me by courier from Colonel Watkins, proving to be correct, you will hold

