HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSON,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to forward you the following statement for your information and guidance: Major-General Howard reports a heavy movement of the enemy's trains toward our right, and great activity on part of rebel skirmishers on his (General Howard's) front. This may indicate an evacuation by the rebels of Atlanta, or a preparation on their part to mass troops to attack our right, or more probably both; in which case the attack will be very heavy. The general directs that this information be given you that you may make such preparations as, in your judgment, appear necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. BARTLETT,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to Generals Hascall and Cox.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 5, 1864--5 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I would be obliged to you that in addition to, and as part of the order relieving me, you would order me to report to the Adjutant-General, from Illinois, by letter.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am very greatly obliged to you for your expressions of kindness, but regret exceedingly that you decline to accede to my request to be relieved. I have joined General Schofield with a larger force than his own. I have seen much more service in the face of the enemy. I have a commission much older in fact, whatever may be the form; and this question of rank-raising with me is so decided that I lose all practical control over my corps, that, too, at a time of great probable difficulty. As you have declined to relieve me, I go, of course, to the field, and will do what I can to give success to the operations of the day, but I urge that you will reconsider your refusal to relieve me and permit me at the close of the day to turn the command over to Brigadier-General Johnson, who is the senior brigadier-general in the corps.

I am, very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General, Commanding.

