HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Second Division:

General Howard desires a demonstration made during the afternoon, while the fighting is going on at the right. He thinks, however, the putting in of the new line may attract the attention of the enemy. Get your working parties out, support them well, and occasionally use artillery against the enemy. If you discover the enemy leaving or materially weakening their front, take advantage of it immediately and gain any advantage you can.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., August 5, 1864.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Giles A. Smith through headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps:

The pickets report heavy movements of trains on our right. The rebel skirmishers are very active along the whole line. It may be an evacuation, or they may be massing their forces on Schofield.

The major-general commanding requests that you direct your skirmishers to be on the qui vive and unusually vigilant in the morning, and should the rebel skirmishers show any disposition to retire to follow them up vigorously. General Logan has been directed to fire from one of his batteries upon the enemy's position one gun every ten minutes during the night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

The report of General Giles A. Smith has been received. The general requests that you direct your skirmishers to be on the qui vive and unusually vigilant in the morning, and should the rebel skirmishers who any disposition to retire to follow them up vigorously. General Logan has been directed to fire from one of his batteries upon the enemy's position one gun every ten minutes during the night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

