HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,August 5, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

The following telegram is just received, and corps commanders are requested to act in accordance with suggestions therein contained:

Generals THOMAS and HOWARD:

I hear Schofield engaged well off to the right. Always push up against Atlanta at the weakest points in your front assaulting parties, who may during an attack at the right gain one of their redoubts or salients, which will settle the question quick; at all events will keep employed a large force to hold their lines.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, August 5, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON:

I sent all the men of my command that were fit for duty to Roswell Factory, as directed by General Sherman. I have no further news from the remainder of General Stoneman's command. My horses I sent to Roswell are much broken down, and feet worn out for want of shoes. I have more transportation than is necessary, and can have 200 or 300 more men for duty by turning over pack-saddles and mounting on the pack animals. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, of General Stoneman's command, will report in person this morning to General Sherman.

S. ADAMS,

Colonel First Kentucky Cavalry.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 5, 1864--9.30 p. m.

Major ECKERT:

Operations to-day complete failure, or worse. Schofield and Palmer were ordered to carry a point which would command railroad south of Atlanta, while the other corps made active diversions in favor of the movement. The attacking force moved early, and the whole line was engaged, but when Schofield and Palmer found the enemy they stopped and intrenched. There they stay yet, while they make no progress, and the rebels have time to mass men and throw up earth-works, or to evacuate as they choose. They are very actively doing one or the other now; which it is, daylight will tell. Had we done anything to-day I should think they were on the wing.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Field, near Atlanta, Numbers 52. August 5, 1864.

I. Brigadier General John McArthur is hereby assigned to the command of the district of country embracing Kenesaw, Marietta, Roswell, and the west bank of the Chattahoochee River and the Sweet Water.

