
First. He is charged with guarding the railroad from Big Shanty to the Chattahoochee and protecting our stores at Marietta and Vining's.

Second. He will personally visit the points of interest and distribute the troops embraced in his command according to his judgment, and cause redoubts and block-houses to be at once made to give additional security to the railroad and places of deposit.

Third. He will cause camps to be prepared, one for each of the armies in the field, where he will assemble the detachments of recruits and convalescents arriving, and sick and discharged men going to the rear, and give dispatch to their movements.

Fourth. He will report to and receive instructions directly from these headquarters.

II. In pursuance of orders from Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding the Armies of the United States, the Tenth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Department and Army of the Cumberland to the Department of the Tennessee, and the commanding officer will report to Major General O. O. Howard, commanding.

III. In order that the relative strength of the armies may remain unchanged, the Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry is hereby transferred from the Department of the Tennessee to the Department of the Cumberland, and the commanding officer will report to Major General George H. Thomas, commanding.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 214. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

* * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General William Grose is assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General Johnson will advance, relieve Brigadier-General Hascall's troops near the mill, and at once strengthen the works so that he can hold them with a light line. Brigadier-General Baird will strengthen his works and obstruct the front so that he can hold with a light line and withdraw troops for his reserve. Brigadier-General Morgan will also strengthen his line as ordered above and be ready to hold with a small force and assist in the offensive operations of to-morrow.

By command of Major General J. M. Palmer:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

