
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 72. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 5, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. General Palmer will push forward and firmly establish the right of his line this evening. General Cox will cover General Palmer's right and be ready for aggressive operations early in the morning. As soon as General Johnson returns from his demonstration this evening, he will relieve General Hascall and occupy the trenches. General Hascall on being relieved will move under cover to the rear and bivouac for the night. At 5 a. m. he will move to the right and take position in reserve to General Cox, prepared to support him in his movement. General Palmer will thin his line as much as practicable, so as to obtain a strong reserve for aggressive operations on his right.

IV. To-morrow, the 6th instant, a vigorous effort will be made to turn the enemy's left or break his line near the Sandtown road. The troops will be prepared to move at 6 a. m., but will wait orders to commence the movement. General Cox in advance will press forward in a southerly direction until he reaches the Sandtown road, and then along that road, or no more favorable ground not far to the right or left, until he strikes the enemy's line or flank, the latter to be preferred if it does not require too great separation from the rest of the army. If General Cox deems it practicable to carry the enemy's position, he will attack without unnecessary delay; otherwise he will report the facts and await further orders. General Hascall will follow in close supporting distance from General Cox, and will cover his right during the movement. General Morgan will connect the skirmishers of the troops now in position with those of General Cox in motion, and move forward with the latter, supporting his skirmishers as far as may be necessary. He will also hold his division in readiness to move promptly, as may be ordered during the day. Generals Baird and Johnson will hold the present lines of the Fourteenth and Twenty-third Corps, and keep up a steady pressure with artillery and skirmishers during the early part of the day. General Baird will also be prepared to move our promptly in support of the contemplated attack, as may be ordered at any time during the day. In case of General Baird's movement, General Johnson will, unless otherwise ordered, throw back his right into the tete-de-pont constructed by General Hascall and hold that position. All trains will be kept in rear of Utoy Creek. Colonel Garrard's cavalry will scout on all roads leading to the right and right rear of the infantry during the day. The troops will be kept well massed and in hand, ready to meet an attack from any direction.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 6, 1864--1.45 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

An order by the President, under the act of Congress for the military possession of the Northwestern Railroad, has been issued, and will be forwarded you by the Adjutant-General. Do not imagine that we are impatient of your progress; instead of considering it slow, we regard it rapid, brilliant, and successful beyond our expectations. Take your time, and do your work in your own way. This Department is only anxious to afford you every assistance within its power.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

