
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 6, 1864.

Special orders relating to the Northwestern Railroad, from Nashville to Reynoldsburg:

Whereas the exclusive use of the Northwestern Railroad, from Nashville to Reynoldsburg, is necessary for the military operations under command of Major-General Sherman, the President does therefore order and direct that Major-General Sherman take military possession of the said Northwestern Railroad, its stock, equipments, appendages, and appurtenances for the exclusive use of the United States, and hold, use, manage, and employ the same by his officers, agents, superintendents, and employees exclusively for the use aforesaid so long, and to such extent, as in his judgment such exclusive use is required for military operations, or until further orders, and that all conflicting orders and authority be, and they are hereby, revoked and annulled.

By order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General JOHNSON,

Military Governor, &amp;c., Nashville, Tenn.:

On the direct application of General Sherman and his representation that the exclusive use of the Northwestern Railroad, from Nashville to Reynoldsburg, is necessary for the success of his military operations, the President, under the provisions of the act of Congress, has, by order of this date, authorized and directed him to take military possession of said railroad, its rolling-stock, equipment, appendages, and appurtenances for exclusive military use, and revoked all prior and conflicting orders and authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 6, 1864--3 p. m.

(Received 11.50 a. m. 7th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

General Palmer has resigned his command of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and General Thomas has relieved him of the command. General Thomas recommends the promotion of General Jeff. C. Davis as a major-general and assignment to the command of the corps. In the event the President will not consent to this, General Thomas asks the promotion and assignment of General J. M. Brannan. I approve his recommendations, and ask a speedy return.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 6, 1864--9 p. m.

(Received 5.30 p. m. 7th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

We have now developed our line along with the enemy from the Augusta railroad, on our left, to Utoy Post-Office, on our right, and the

