
less he has repaired the Augusta road, of which there are no signs, or unless he can drive back General Johnson's flank, which controls that road, he will be compelled to give up Atlanta to secure East Point. General Schofield asks for a couple of topographical engineers. He lost his only one yesterday. Can you spare him one or two. If so, order them to report to him. He tried to break through the enemy's lines by a brigade to-day, but failed, losing 500 men. Instead of going round East Point I would prefer the enemy to weaken so we may break through at some point, and wish you to continue to make such an effort. I will instruct General Howard to do the same about the head of Utoy Creek, his right.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 6, 1864.

Captain C. R. CASE:

All quiet on this flank. Can see but few of the enemy in their works. Cannot see as many pieces of artillery as I did yesterday. Shells from the Twentieth Corps burst near the center of the city.

A. F. BERRY,

Signal Officer.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 6, 1864--9 a. m.

Captain C. R. CASE,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Cumberland:

Can hear heavy musketry and artillery on our right. Can see no movement of troops on this flank. Rebels just threw a shell at my station; but it fell a little short.

A. F. BERRY.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 6, 1864--7.30 a. m. (Received 8.30 a. m.)

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The rebels are evidently hunting for our left in considerable force; they made an attack on the left of my picket line, but were held in check; they are moving still to our left, and heavy skirmishing going on on my left. I hope that the cavalry will stand. Would suggest that they be re-enforced from some other quarter.

Respectfully,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 6, 1864--12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

No attack excepting coming suddenly from the direction of the match factory on the Roswell road could affect my position. I have two regiments guarding the breast-works on the Roswell road.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

