
STATION OBSERVATION, August 6, 1864--8.45 a. m.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer, Commanding:

CAPTAIN: There seems to be more men about the enemy's works than yesterday. No other change that I can see. Occasional artillery shot on the left from our guns. It is too smoky to see very well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Marietta, Ga.:

The general commanding directs that you move with your command to vicinity of railroad bridge. The commanding officer at Marietta will send all men belonging to your division, if they arrive there, to the bridge. The Fourth Tennessee Cavalry gone to Decatur, Ala.; the Ninth Ohio can get its own supplies, as it does not belong to your division.

By order, &amp;c.:

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICERS' PRISON,

Macon, Ga., August 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

I have the honor of making the following report: On the 30th of July, near Newnan, Ga., General McCook ordered me to dismount two of my regiments to fight the enemy on foot. The Fourth Tennessee and Fifth Iowa were dismounted, when I dismounted, directing my orderly to follow me with my horse. We drove the enemy for one mile through the woods. I there found the enemy in overwhelming numbers in front, and that they were passing in my rear between my line and the main line of our force. We here commenced retreating and fighting the enemy in our rear. My horse and failed to come up with me. After three personal encounters with the enemy I was separated from my force, and, suffering with cramp in my right leg, I was forced to surrender to a party of the enemy then confronting me. Six of my line officers, 4 of my surgeons, and about 50 of my men were taken with me. They are all retained as prisoners. I am in fine health, not wounded, as reported.

T. J. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

DECATUR, ALA., August 6, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Infantry brigade Sixteenth Army Corps all gone. Received a dispatch last night that sixty horses were coming for battery. Under

