
as much as possible, my right is about due west from East Point, and not more than two miles from it. If this be true, I have struck the flank of the defenses of East Point. You will readily recognize the position on the blue map. If possible, I wish you would send me one or two good topographical engineers for a few days. The only one I had was killed day before yesterday. It is very important now for me to have accurate surveys.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I will try to send you some engineers to-morrow. I will have to borrow of other armies. Continue to work to-morrow in such a manner as to best threaten the railroad at or below East Point, and keep your own and the Fourteenth Corps united, so as to defend yourselves against the enemy should he let go Atlanta and shift to his communications. If you can threaten that road he is bound to choose, and you know what choice he will make. I advise you to see to-night that the right, by which the big Sandtown road comes out from the enemy to your line, is well covered, for he will, if at all, sally by well-known roads. The valleys of the two forks of Utoy can easily be held by a thin line and an entanglement of timber. General Thomas will continue to press Atlanta up the valley of Proctor's Creek, and General Howard by Utoy. The militia, by which Hood holds his long lines of intrenchments, are worthless, save for that purpose, but they enable him to use his good troops, distributed, doubtless, by brigades, to rush to threatened points. I don't think he will mass them all, unless he gives up Atlanta and throws his force at one move to East Point. If you be at the forks of the main Utoy, two miles west of East Point, your cavalry should cross the upper fork, and picket the crossing at Utoy Post-Office. You should also open a more direct road to where your headquarters are, which serves as a key point.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 6, 1864--1.15 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: From the contents of a telegraphic note received a few hours ago, through your office from General Sherman, I infer he has made up his mind to relieve me from the command of this corps, upon grounds, however, totally different from those involved in the discussions of yesterday. He intimates such a purpose, and directs me to turn over the command to Brigadier-General Johnson. I send your order to General J[ohnson] with the information above. If anything shall occur to leave me in command, I will see that all that's possible is done to effect the objects of to-morrow's movements.

Respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

