HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, August 6, 1864.

[General SCHOFIELD:]

GENERAL: When I left you this evening I told you that I could replace General Morgan's division, but I find after filling the gap between Howard and myself that I have only five small regiments left; with these I could replace one brigade. This, with his reserve brigade, will give you two brigades upon which you can rely to assist in any movement contemplated on the right. In this calculation I assume that the present line is to be held. The gap proves to be much greater than I first supposed. If you can, please telegraph Howard that I connect closely with him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

AUGUST 6, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General REILY,

Commanding,&amp;c.:

After reflecting on the statement of the guide, I incline to the opinion that the movement through the strip of wood, and so up on the ridge, may be made with very strong prospect of success. If it looks so to you also, you may support Colonel Mottley very closely with the regiment,and bring down the whole brigade earlier than we contemplated when I left you. Once on the ridge, we may push rapidly and strongly to the left along it, and since I left you I have learned that General Morgan will probably be able to swing forward and connect by a cross-ridge as soon as you get fairly astride of the one you are going for. It seems to be a spur of a main ridge running along from General Morgan's front.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Utoy Creek, August 6, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Colonel J. S. CASEMENT,Commanding Second Brigade:

General Hascall is trying to find the flank of the enemy farther to the right. General Schofield directs that you make a demonstration in his favor. Do this by advancing a line of skirmishers up toward the works so as to keep the enemy in the belief that we shall again assault them there. Take advantage of the same opportunity to have all our wounded and dead brought off that can possibly be reached. Make it a point of honor to leave as few of ours to fall into the rebel hands as possible.

Very respectfully,&c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

26 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

