
thus thoroughly obstructing the space through which the enemy could come from that quarter. I have requested Johnson to swing his left up on to a pine ridge just in front of it. All these movements will occupy the enemy, it being uncertain what we are really doing.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 6, 1864.

General HOWARD:

General Schofield tried to break through the enemy's lines about Cherburg, but failed, losing about 500 men. He is now down on main Utoy at a point about two miles from East Point. This extension weakness our lines, but we must do this or assault. I will order him with due caution to continue to threaten East Point and his line of communication. We know he will let go the former. General Thomas will continue to strengthen his line by works, and shorten it when possible, and I want you to do the same. Gain ground to the front whenever you can, thereby diminishing the length of your line, and being that much nearer the enemy is a more dangerous threat to him, preventing him detaching as against General Schofield, unless he lest go Atlanta. I have an idea you could work up some on your right along Utoy. I will ride your lines to-morrow and see you. General Dodge will have another brigade to-morrow from Decatur. It left in cars yesterday and bay before.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD:

General Johnson informs me that he now connects closely with you, whether by swinging forward or extending he does not say. I understand there was very little firing in that gap to-day. I have had a pretty hard day's work, and believe I have reached about the end of Hood's rope.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 6, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: It is quite important that I have to-day the use of that portion of Cox's division now on this side of the creek. I do not like to withdraw them and leave a gap, for all my trains must be left here, and a breach would result in their loss, though I should not fear any thing more serious. If you can hold that space I shall be very glad to withdraw my troops. Please inform me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

