HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 7, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The line assaulted yesterday was in incomplete one. By feeling its left, Bate's division evacuated and fell back to the real line, which is nearer the railroad. I ordered the skirmishers to be pushed in and the strength demonstrated,and developed heavy musketry fire and artillery. We have gained valuable ground and full possession of the real Sandtown road. Our lines are close up and by morning will be intrenched, so we will keep on working by that flank, but I want the whole line advanced whenever it be possible, and that General Thomas bring from Chattanooga two 30-pounder Parrotts on siege carriages and batter the town. The closer we press our lines we contract and strengthen. General Schofield's right does not yet really threaten the railroad, though a full mile near East Point than last night.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Howard.)
HEADQUARTERS OF MAJOR-GENERAL SCHOFIELD, August 7, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Telegraph to Chattanooga and have two 30-pounder Parrotts sent down on the cars, with 1,000 shells and ammunition. Put them into your best position, and knock down the buildings of the town. Slow progress here.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 7, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The guns have been ordered by express train with ammunition, and I will look up the best position for them to-morrow. Have directed Elliott to make arrangements for the distribution of the horses. He thinks he can bring up McCook's division to about 3,000. McCook's me are constantly coming in and Kilpatrick reports that he has taken some prisoners, rebel cavalry,near Campbellton. The enemy still occupied his intrenchments in my front in considerable force.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 7, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Captain CASE,

Chief Signal Officer:

Cannot see any change in enemy's lines since yesterday. Guns in same position. Can see a few men loitering behind their works. Cannot see any troops moving. It is very quiet.

BURTON,

Signal Officer.

