
instant. Our wounded prisoners are kept in the southeast portion of the town. Says he came out of Atlanta past the cemetery, thence on the Decatur road south of the Augusta railroad to Decatur. Says there are no troops in Decatur or to the right. Says there are no rebel works nor troops between our works and the railroad. South of the railroad the enemy has two lines of works held by militia. The right of the enemy's line of infantry is within one mile of Decatur. The two brigades of cavalry sent to Flast Shoals are from Martin's division, which was camped in the rear of the infantry between Atlanta and Decatur; only one brigade there now. Glass thinks that from the hint he received from General Hood's inspector-general,viz, to come over last night,that they did not want him there to-day.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

ED. C. DENIG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 7, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,Decatur, Ala.:

I don't want the artillery; we have enough. If not needed at Decatur, put the men and guns on the cars and send them to Nashville in reserve. Turn over the horses to the cavalry. Do all that is possible to put your cavalry in the best order,and fell down into Alabama as far and as often as is prudent. General A. J. Smith will make a clean sweep this time.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 7, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I don't apprehend the enemy's cavalry will get in behind you north of Utoy Creek, but it is well to be prudent. You can use all the cavalry belonging to your army, and may send to Marietta and secure the horses of Colonel Adam's brigade and mount other men. I think some of Colonel Capron's men are in too. If Colonel Garrard watches the passes of Utoy and blocks all roads not guarded that flank is a strong one. A very few infantry well posted would make it more secure. Continue to work on the enemy's left night and day and give him no rest. I will see to all other points.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Our line is swung forward until it faces nearly due east from Morgan's center to Cox's center, from which last point it is somewhat refused. This must, I think, bring Cox's center within a mile of the

