
railroad. We cross both the Sandtown and Campbellton roads near their intersection, which seems to be between our line and that of the enemy. I have not yet learned the final result of the operations of Johnson's left. Will inform you when I hear from him. We have not good positions for artillery, and are putting in batteries all along the line to-night. I have seen Colonel Garrard and given him orders about picketing our right, but apprehend that his force (400 men) is entirely inadequate.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 7, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

That's right. Go in your own way to accomplish the end and keep your five divisions so as to hold the enemy till a battle is fought. I will look a little closer at General Howard's front to see if there is not a weak place there in the enemy's line; there should be about the head of Utoy, north fork. I will then work my way down to you on the extreme right.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, August 7, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have Hobson's brigade on the Bald Hill, which has been the bone of contention and two prisoners taken say that their division (Bate's, of Hardee's corps) fell back last night to their main work about a mile east or back, in consequence of my attack on their left last night. I am moving forward with my whole division, and will push out a reconnaissance at once.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

These prisoners say their works do not extend within two miles of East Point. The enemy thought I had turned his extreme left and was making direct for East Point.

M. S. H.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, August 7, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

LOOKOUT STATION-10.20 p.m.

A column of the enemy just moved toward their left. On account of the conformation of the ground and the dust I cannot how large a force. In the column I discovered two flags, white ones like signal flags. A train of twelve wagons and two ambulances followed the column. One train, freight, arrived this a.m. in Atlanta.

FISH,Signal Officer.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

(Same to General Schofield.)

