
of eight freight and three passenger cars left the town empty. At 2 p.m. a freight train of fifteen cars, empty, left town. At 4.30 a passenger train with eight freight cars attached came in sight; the engine backed into town without the passenger cars. At 5 p.m. a freight train of thirteen cars loaded with white sacks, as before, passed into town. During the day several trains from twelve to thirty wagons each passed into town from the southwest loaded with fodder, partly dry and partly green; some loads looked like wheat or oats. The enemy's lines as far as I can see appear to be unchanged. My observations lead me to believe that the enemy are repairing the Augusta railroad.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your most obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant, Acting Signal Officer, Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding requests me to say that your proposition to advance your lines meets his hearty approval. You will accordingly move forward your right to the hill which your skirmishers now occupy, establishing your line so as to connect in a direct lien as near as may be with your present left. You will also please direct General Woods to thrown forward his right so as to form the shortest practicable line to the creek. Please have the new position intrenched to-night and your troops moved into the works.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARIETTA, GA., August 7, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding:

The bridge at Roswell has been destroyed and the regiment reported here. The commanding officer informs me that yesterday afternoon he saw clouds of dust some distance to the left, on the opposite side of the rivers, as of troops moving in that direction. Have you sent any cavalry around your left?

J. Mc	ARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 7, 1864.

General McARTHUR:

Your dispatch received. General Garrard's cavalry on our left frequently patrols up as far as McAfee's Brigade above Roswell. The dust may have been his cavalry. Still I know the enemy will attempt by his cavalry to strike our road, and I want you to keep all on the lookout, and to fight like the devil. If any party allows itself to be surprised or defeated, he [the commander] had better drown himself.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

27 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

