
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,
 In the Field, near Atlanta,

No. 53. August 7, 1864.

1. The following officers being the seniors of their departments with the army in the field are hereby relieved from duty with the Department of the Cumberland, and will in person report at these headquarters for duty, viz: Lieutenant Colonel L. C. Easton, chief quartermaster; Captain T. G. Baylor, chief ordnance officer.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 74. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. The Fourteenth and Twenty-third Corps, as far as General Cox's right, will press the enemy closely during the day to-morrow, and gain and intrench as much ground as practicable. Each division will endeavor, if the commanders deem it practicable, to carry a point of the enemy's works. General Hascall will make a reconnaissance to the right, and endeavor to reach and turn the enemy's flank. Intrenchments must be made very strong and held with small force, so as to leave large reserves for operations, either offensive or defensive, upon the right.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 8, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The enemy's cavalry manifests activity on our right, threatening to cross Utoy Creek to General Schofield's rear. He has little or no cavalry. I want him to-morrow to develop well the enemy's flank, which I believe is along the south fork of Utoy Creek, covering East Point. To enable him to do this I want a general commanding to-morrow, the 4 1/2-inch gnus included,if they come in time; and I want you to order General Garrard to send a brigade out to and beyond Decatur on your left, and let General Kilpatrick move down to Sandtown and feign as though intending to cross over. Send orders for him to-night,that the effect may be felt as early in the day as possible. I cannot move General Schofield with any activity as long as that cavalry hovers on his right and rear. We are now as much extended as possible, and must test the strength of our flanks and line.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS, August 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch about the cavalry received. Will be attended to immediately.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

