
good order and without loss, except a few deserters. Two miles of railroad removed, and four of telegraph. My office is three miles out on railroad. Sherman's, Thomas', and McPherson's headquarters here. Schofield is on the right, some eight miles south. Will rest here for some time, and I can get to Nashville, perhaps.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,July 3, 1864

Order of march for to-day:

The enemy having left, General Ward, with his division, will follow him with dispatch on the Powder Springs road. General Williams will advance from his left flank and follow on a line parallel with the Powder Springs road, in the same direction. General Geary will advance from his right flank. The pursuit to be made with the greatest possible vigor. In order that no delay may be caused by the trains they will be sent on to the Powder Springs road. Headquarters will be with the center column.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 4, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have no doubt that the enemy will attempt to molest our rear with his cavalry, and that he has reserved Roswell fortified for that very purpose. To counteract his designs I have ordered Garrard, with his whole cavalry, to proceed to Roswell, take the place if he can, otherwise hang near it, watching the river, opposing such a movement all he can and giving us and all points of the railroad timely notice. I wish you would so hold McCook as promptly to re-enforce Garrard, if need be. As soon as I understand the exact situation on the right, as to Turner's Ferry, and what progress McPherson has made, I will order Schofield round where Garrard now is.

I will go to-morrow, and in the mean time I wish you to hold strong the points now at Howard's and Palmer's head of column and merely picket light the road by which Garrard moved, as I feel sure the enemy will not attempt a sally there. Hooker need not hold the line from Palmer round to McPherson but draw in to his left, save by a line of vedettes. I want you with your whole army to press steadily down on the enemy while McPherson cuts in on his flank. Schofield is to be held to re-enforce either part. Stoneman will threaten to cross the Chattahoochee and break the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, especially if the enemy send cavalry against our line of road. Instead of occupying Acworth, Big Shanty, and Marietta, I think we had better concentrate about the base of Kenesaw, near that water station, a point that could be defended against cavalry with great ease.

I am, &amp;c.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

