
AUGUST 8, 1864.

Captain CASE, Chief Signal Officer:

Can see no change in enemy's lines. Can see them bringing water from their works. Hear brisk cannonading on right.

BURTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, August 8, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The appearance of the enemy's line in front of this corps remain unchanged so far as can be ascertained by observation. Since the capture of their pickets in the demonstrations made last week the enemy have strengthened their line, and in our last attempt promptly re-enforced their pickets and showed a disposition to maintain the line. A lieutenant and private from Vaughan's brigade, Cheatham's division, deserted and came into our lines, this morning. They came directly through their own pickets. The lieutenant's account of their line is essentially the same as given by previous prisoners and deserters, i.e., the main works are filled by militia, and that Cheatham's and Cleburn's divisions are camped behind the main line, confronting the Fourth Corps, and doing the picketing for the militia. He does not know of the position of the remaining division of Hardee's corps, Bate's, but thinks it is similarly employed. I have no reason to doubt the statement of this man, and he says he was along the line and saw the troops he mentions yesterday. Two brigades of dismounted cavalry extend the rebel right the right of the infantry south of the railroad. It appears somewhat strange the rebels can oppose these old troops to us here and yet meet the movements upon our right. The lieutenant represents the defenses north and east of Atlanta as very perfect and that there is nothing out in the way of fortifications.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Buck Heard, Ga., August 8, 1864.

Captain ROBERT P. KENNEDY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding, that I sent a scouting party of one battalion to McAfee's Bridge, at an early hour this morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Patten, First Ohio Cavalry, was in charge of this party, and has returned which his command. He reports having found no force of rebel cavalry in that neighborhood, nor could he hear of anything more than small squads. He saw but one or two stragglers of General Stoneman's command. He listen horse killed, by being fired upon by a squad of men who escaped in the woods. From the best information he could gather he deemed it useless to remain longer, and returned to camp this evening.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

