
for a dash at another hill look into the very streets of Atlanta. I expect the 30-pounder Parrott up this p.m. and will use the freely. I have renewed my orders to attack at all points on hearing the sounds of battle over at your flank. I think you have force enough to fight all of Hood's movable army if he comes outside his trenches. Go on, press him close, and trust to the chances of battle on anything like fair terms.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864-1.50 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

A column of cavalry and infantry is reported having around my right. This is doubtless the same force before reported advancing toward my right. I presume the design is to cross Utoy Creek and strike our trains. I will try to prevent it, but may not be able.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,Major-General.

(Same to General Thomas.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 8, 1864.

(Received 2.50 p.m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

If infantry has passed round your right flank they could be caught by detaching a division from your line to move down the Sandtown road to the forks; but the reports is so indefinite that I cannot understand the movement. If you can catch any enemy outside of breast-works attack him vigorously. One of Johnson's division could hold the tete-de-pont, and you have four divisions for battle.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The force moving to my right is not an army, but raiding force. The only question was whether I could afford to spare from other operations force enough to meet it at the numerous points where it might come. I wished to put you on your guard about trains. I do not hear of any attempt of the enemy to cross Otoy and presume Hascall's movements have caused them to fall back. This rain make it every difficult to move, but I hope to accomplish our object before dark.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

We have developed the enemy's line to Utoy Creek. It runs nearly south from the salient in front of Morgan's left center. We are about

