HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatches of 9.20 and 9.50 are received. When Hascall crosses the creek and begins to operate toward East Point there will be several miles of rebel cavalry line facing our rear, which I must detach infantry to operate against. The creek can be crossed anywhere at low water except near the mouth. The rebel cavalry attempted to cross at two points this evening. First at the bridge, which fortunately had been destroyed,and subsequently at a ford where, I had some troops stationed, where skirmishing was going on at dark. From the forks of the creek up they can cross anywhere as soon as my infantry is withdrawn. The force sent across the creek will, from the nature of the ground, have to act entirely independently, and having no cavalry on its flanks will have to rest both flanks on the creek. The commanding ground on the opposite side of the creek is at least a mile from Cox's right. I do not think a single division can accomplish anything, but I will try what can be done.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I will order Kilpatrick's cavalry down on the other bank of the Chattahoochee to being as crossing at Sandtown. As soon as I learn where Kilpatrick is I will tell you where its effect may be felt. It seems to me a part of the Fourteenth Corps could be spared from the lines to watch the flank between Cox's right and Utoy Post-Office. Certainly it don't need all of the Fourteenth Corps and Cox's division to watch the line between the two forks of Utoy. It looked to me as though two divisions could hold that ridge against a sally, giving you three divisions to operate with.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

General Thomas says that Kilpatrick is at the junction of the Sandtown and Powder Springs roads. I have ordered him to send instructions from him to move down to Sandtown and feign as though crossing. This will engage their attention, and I don't believe the enemy will put any considerable cavalry force above Utoy Creek. I think Garrard below the forks and a brigade of infantry down the Sandtown road, near Uoty Post-Office, will make that flank perfect.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

