
AUGUST 8, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Casement covers the reported gap between Generals Cox and Hascall. Casement is on the right of Barter, who occupies a ridge that partially runs out at his line. There is a creek between Barter and Casement. General Hascall has just thrown his left forward and will connect with Casement's right. The reported movement of the rebels in three lines I do not credit. All I can definitely hear is that the rebels were moving toward our right, and apparently for the purpose of strengthening their line in front of General Hascall. I have not seen the general himself; he may have other information. I will follow up General Hascall's movement and report if anything occurs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. TWINING,

Lieutenant of Engineers.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, August 8, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Colonel Swaine just sends word that a column of infantry and cavalry are now passing around to his right, about 1,000 yards off. I have just sent him word to open on them with three Parrott guns, which I have up there, and to press out this skirmishers and ascertain the true state of the case. I had given Colonels Strickland and Hobson half an hour to complete their new line preparatory to my advance, and by that time will ascertain the true state of the case.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, August 8, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: Yours of 1.30 just received. About 12.30 I took Colonel Strickland, Colonel Hobson,and General Cooper to the point where I now an (in front of Colonel Casement's line on the open field), showed them the ground I wanted them to advance over, and instructed Colonel Strickland to advance his brigade at once, and sent two staff officers with him to help him along and report progress. I cannot imagine what detains them,unless the heavy rain has swollen the stream in our front so as to render its passage very difficult. I expect to hear them open every minute now. There is a tremendous large open field in front of where I am, on the right of which I am having my force advanced. Plenty of rebels, rifle-pits, artillery, and trains are visible. It will not be possible for me to advance as far as the farther end of the field, as it is from one mile and a half to two miles. I will report progress directly, as I have sent another staff officer to hurry the troops along. I can see everything from where I am.

Truly, yours,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General.

