HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, August 8, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: I have brought General Cooper's brigade down the where Major Campbell saw me, and fortifying it, Colonel Hobson on his right to connect with Colonel Swaine, and Colonel Strickland to hold a position on the far side of the creek to secure a foothold on that side. I have ordered two good roads and bridges made, connecting Colonel Strickland with this side, which will enable him to reach this side, if he should be pressed there. He has met a tolerably heavy force over there, and the enemy are now using artillery on him. I can easily fall back into my old position with the whole division, if it is necessary. My present position overlooks a vast extent of country and is good on that account. Please answer by bearer.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-General Cox, I think, should bring forward Casement and connect with my left.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, Ga., August 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. W. SCHOFIELD,Chief of Artillery and Ordnance, Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you have Colonel Crittenden's men under arms and on the alert, watching well to the west. The enemy is reported moving round to the right of our lines, and may intend to cross Utoy Creek and strike our rear. Inform Colonel Garrard and let him scout out toward General Hascall's right, and you to inform General Howard that the troops are there, and can be called upon in case of necessity on his right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, August 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General REILLY,Commanding First Brigade:

General Schofield directs that we advance our lines if possible, swinging in the right to get new tenable ground nearer the enemy until the position, &amp;., of their works is definitely ascertained. Colonel Byrd reports their principal line visible on the next ridge along his front, about 250 yards distant. Can you report anything from your front on this subject? If you can swing out your skirmish line Byrd and all left of you will keep pace with it. General S[chofield] is urgent that the effort should be very strong will we can report definitely our distance from the rebel fortifications. Show this to Barter and he will act in concert with you. I will be over as soon as his storm passes, and meanwhile the order is to push.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

