HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, South Bank Creek, August 8, 1864.

Colonel BARTER,Commanding Brigade:

SIR: General Hascall is about to make a reconnaissance in the direction of the flank of the rebel works see from Cockerill's battery,and you will please keep watch of any movement in that direction, and if you hear or see him at work, make a strong demonstration with your skirmish line and endeavor to capture the skirmishers in your front. The rebel skirmish line must be pushed back, as it is entirely too near both you and Reilly, and the works of the rebels must be developed so that we shall know definitely their position and distance, and the nature of the intervening ground. Show this to General Reilly,who will please regard it as an order for him to co-operate and perform the same work along his line in conjunction with you. General Schofield intimated that he should reluctantly yield to your request to be permitted to resign.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, August 8, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Adjutant-General,&c.:

SIR: In obedience to the orders of the commanding general, my skirmish line, strongly re-enforced, has been pushed along Colonel Byrd's front, on my left. He reports the main continuous line of the enemy's works about 250 yards distant from his breast-works, and visible at intervals through the woods, running parallel to ours. He reports no good position in his front between his own and the enemy's whose skirmishers,he says, are close to their works. General Reilly and Colonel Barter have not yet reported fully,but I have doubt the lines is continuous along our entire front, at a distance not varying much from that reported by Colonel Byrd.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS, August 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Signal officers' report, viz:

9.16 A. M.

A very heavy detail of fatigue men, negroes, just passed toward the enemy's left. They took the right-hand road at the forks. They will number about 300, perhaps more. Their line in front appears unchanged.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

