HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Marietta, July 4, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland;

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say the two divisions of the Fifteenth Corps now near here have been ordered to move about 9 o'clock and join General McPherson and he desires you will relieve the provost guard of one regiment as soon as convenient, that they may also join their command. Let your command guard the place until such time as some arrangement for garrison may be made.

I am, general, with much respect, yours, &amp;c.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH CORPS,Near Neal Dow Station, July 4, 1864-8.20 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions, General Stanley strengthened his skirmish line and pushed it rapidly across the open corn-field in his front, taking the rebel rifle-pits, under a severe artillery and infantry fire. He immediately moved forward his main line and covered it by a barricade. Later in the day Generals Newtown and Wood seized portions of the enemy's skirmish line, and have established their main line facing the same open field across which General Stanley advanced. The conduct of the troops in the charge to-day could not be surpassed. We have taken 88 prisoners, 3 of whom are officers. General King moved upon our right in conjunction with Stanley and intrenched important heights on the right. Our losses about 95 wounded according to hospital report this afternoon.

O. O. HOWARD,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,GEORGIA MILITARY INSTITUTE.

Marietta, July 4, 1864.

Major General J. M. PALMER.

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that in accordance with instructions from Major-General Sherman you detail one brigade of your corps to garrison the town of Marietta until other arrangements can be made. Give the commanding officer orders to preserve everything in and about the town as nearly in the same state as that in which he finds it upon his assuming command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

General PALMER:

I have ordered the detail, as it is after 9 o'clock, from General Baird.

Very respectfully,

A. C. McCLURG,.

