
Creek, about two miles from its mouth, in plain view of Colonel Garrard's pickets. I have sent a squadron - perhaps 200 - mounted infantry in that direction. At last accounts General Schofield was going on with his movements.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

General Schofield reports his right being turned. The major-general commanding directs that your order your reserve immediately into our old line of works on the Green's Ferry road, holding them there prepared to support the right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Blair, Seventeenth Army Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General LIGHTBURN,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: General Schofield reports his right being turned, and Major-General Logan in pursuance of instructions from Major-General Howard directs that your order your reserve into our old line of works on the Green's Ferry road, holding them in readiness to support the right.

By order of Major-General Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: General Corps reports that he is now (8.45 p.m.) within forty yards of the top of the ridge on which the dead trees are. He says on one advanced on his left until just now, there being some misunderstanding in the matter. He is about advancing to the top, but I judge the enemy is holding the ridge pretty stubbornly. General Corse is intrenching the ridge this side, and if he gets the other to-night will intrench that. In accordance with your orders I have directed my front line to move into the new works at 6 a.m. to-morrow. If I understand the ground the Twentieth Corps should move up also, or it will expose General Corse's left, especially if he should gain the farther ridge. General Ransom is intrenching his line where Major-General Howard directed. The enemy has attacked General Corse twice, but so far he has held all the ground taken to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

