
BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., August 8, 1864.

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

No fighting since last communication. Armies both stretching toward right, striving to turn a flank, and so far rebels have the best of it. Attempted to-day to get in our rear by crossing Utoy Creek, but were stopped by destroyed the bridge. Line of battle now sixteen miles long.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Cipher Operation, U. S. Military Telegraph.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, August 8, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Orders for to-morrow, August 9: All the batteries that can reach the buildings of Atlanta will fire steadily on the town to-morrow, using during the day about fifty rounds per gun, shell and solid shot. General Schofield will, during the cannonading, completely develop the enemy's strength and position on his left flank.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

(Same to Generals Schofield and Howard.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,
 AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

No. 92. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

IX. Corps commanders will cause their present skirmish line to be intrenched completely to-night and will move into them a sufficient number of troops to hold and occupy them to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. Care will be taken to complete the connection between the several corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C.,

No. 57. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. In order to properly carry out Special Field Orders, No. 92, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee (a copy of which is herewith inclosed),* the skirmish line will be strengthened to-night, and sufficient working details will be made to throw up works during the night sufficiently strong to protect the troops, connections being made on right and left with the Twentieth and Seventeenth Corps. At 6 p.m. to-morrow troops sufficient to fill the works will be moved in and they will strengthen the position in every possible way. Batteries will be erected on prominent points. The reserves will be held under arms in the line of works, ready for any emergency. A portion

---------------

*See next preceding.

---------------

