
HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 9, 1864.

Captain CASE,

Chief Signal Officer:

All quiet on this front. The enemy did not reply to our shelling. They fired but two or three shots.

A. F. BERRY,

Signal Officer.

STANLEY'S HEADQUARTERS, August 9, 1864.

Captain CASE,

Signal Officer:

The shots were fired from a fort directly east of Atlanta.

A. F. BERRY.

STATION OBSERVATION, August 9, 1864-9.25 a.m.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer:

CAPTAIN: No change along line since yesterday. Working party on for to right south from here.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, Station Observation, August 9, 1864.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer, Commanding:

CAPTAIN: I have to make following report of the artillery firing along front to-day as seen from tree at General Geary's headquarters. The explosion of shells could be seen from a point southeast around to south. Shells burst in front, above,and in rear of the large redoubt southeast, and between it and four-gun fort. I saw none strike either, although they burst very low. The most noticeable effect of the shelling was in front of General Geary's division at a fort and house. This fort was struck; also the works near it, and the house had quite a large hole knocked in it besides being riddled. Shells burst over the works here and in the woods to rear of them. The shells, which were few, I saw burst along to south, were in rear of enemy's works. Shells exploded over the city and in it, judging from the sound. A small piece was knocked off top of brick smoke-attack in town. The rebels who have usually been lounging around their works went into the ditches, seldom showing themselves, and this evening could be seen coming out for their rations, but a shell bursting near soon dispersed them. Horses which have been daily grazing around large redoubt were led off. The enemy fired from fort in front of First Division for a short time this evening. Their shots seemed to be directed at battery of 20-pounder Parrotts and one on line in front of it. This was the only place I was them fire from during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

