
STANLEY'S HEADQUARTERS, August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Three rebel colors were seen moving along the works south of the Augusta railroad, from the rebel right of to left, and toward the railroad just at dusk. It may be relieving regiments. No other change.

D. S. STANLEY.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

On the evening of the 5th I was ordered by Major-General Palmer to move out my division on the road leading by Mr. Bankston's house, cross the Utoy,and encamp for the night. On the 6th I was ordered to move up to the Sandtown road, and march by that road toward Atlanta until I came up to General Davis' division,when I would find myself in reserve. This movement was performed,though slowly,on account of the stubborn resistance offered by the enemy. Arriving in rear of Davis, and finding our right and rear exposed, I formed my division in the rear of the right, and had a strong line of works constructed. About 3.30 p.m. General Cox arrived with his division, and said he had been ordered to relieve me. I immediately called upon General Schofield, who informed me that he had ordered me to make a reconnaissance to the right to develop the enemy's position, and that I had been ordered to move at 2 p.m. My skirmishers and command had to be relieved, which consumed near an hour, and about 4 p.m., with my small division (3,000), I cut loose from the entire army. The dense undergrowth prevented very rapid movement,and I was unable to proceed more than a mile, where the rebel works appeared to be as at any point I had come in contact with them. Later I received an order to relieve General Hascall, which I did after dark and before daylight on the morning of the 7th. On the 7th I was placed in command of the corps and ordered to advance upon the works to cover the movements on the right. The advance was announced,and the men moved forward rapidly, capturing the enemy's first line of rifle-pits with 172 prisoners. In this attempt the entire line was advanced, the rebels were driven into their main works, and the entire of the corps advanced and fortified. Our loss during the operations of the 6th and 7th was 2 officers and 68 enlisted men killed; 15 officers and 398 enlisted men wounded, and 16 enlisted men missing. Total loss, 17 officers and 482 enlisted men; aggregate, 499. The rebels in my front have no skirmishers out except at a few points. On the 9th little could be done, though batteries were placed in position. On the 9th we kept up a vigorous firing with artillery and small-arms with no visible result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

The prisoners captured by General Baird and Morgan on the 5th - 151 in number - were delivered to and receipted for by Lieutenant Duffield, assistant provost-marshal, Department of the Cumberland. One hundred and seventy-three prisoners, captured sine then, and principally by General King have been turned over to the provost-marshal of the Army of the Ohio, copies of the lists and receipts for whom are herewith transmitted.

R. W. J.

