HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,July 4, 1864-3.30 p.m.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Yesterday after writing to you, and after General Stoneman had moved toward the right of our army, I took 300 men and a section of artillery and advanced on the Howell and Green's Ferry road to a point where it crosses the main Sandtown road. There I found breast-works occupied in part by the infantry of the enemy. I got my artillery within 300 yards of their works, and opened with good effect. I made no effort to take the breast-works, and withdrew at my leisure. Among our wounded was Lieutenant Hill, of my staff. I think that a column of infantry pushed down this road, or the Sandtown or Campbellton roads, could cross the Chattahoochee without much or any opposition now. I will move to Darby's this afternoon, and I feel satisfied that to-day these roads are occupied by nothing but a cavalry force.

E. M. McCOOK.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, on Marietta and Turner's Ferry Road.,

July 4, 1864-6 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say it was not his intention to move you to the left of the army until he succeeds in forcing Johnston across the Chattahoochee. In the mean time you will act in support and co-operate with General McPherson; General Hooker may be, by circumstances as they develop, moved toward General Palmer to concentrate General Thomas' army, in which case you will be required to act upon McPherson's flank. When Johnston is across the Chattahoochee then he will move you to the left.

I am, general, with much respect,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

July 4, 1864-7.45 p.m

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: I have just received your letter dated 6 p.m. explaining General Sherman's intentions as to my movements. I understood the general's orders precisely as you explain them, and have been acting, or rather holding my troops ready to act, accordingly. From a map sent me by General Hooker, showing the position in which his "corps is being established," and from personal examination of the ground occupied by General Dodge, I judge that Hooker's right must be in rear of Dodge's left, and if advanced would overlap it. Perhaps there is some mistake as to positions. I will examine the ground myself in the morning and put in whatever, force can be used between General Hooker and General McPherson's left. General McPherson has had to-day quite as many troops across the Nickajack, beyond Ruff's Mill,

