
Most of the shells from Federal guns strike in the vicinity of the depot, the larger part of them south of the depot. Seven shells have been sent through the Western and Atlantic Depot. In order for the gun firing upon Marietta street to strike the commissary depot it should be depressed a little and the aim taken about 100 yards to the left of its usual range; the shells go about sixty feet over the commissary stores. No buildings have been burned by the shells. The subsistence on hand amounts to about six days. There have been several rumors of a new commander for the rebel army. One report was that Lee was coming to Atlanta and Jeff. Davis was going to command the Eastern army. The last report was that Beauregard was going to relieve Hood. A report came into Atlanta on our about the 5th instant from Brigadier-General Page, commanding Fort Morgan, in Mobile Bay, to General Higgins, that three gun-boats and fourteen ships had passed Fort Morgan into the bay. The rebel gun-boat Tennessee surrendered after a terrific fight, the Gaines was beached, the Selma was captured. The Tecumseh sunk under the guns of the water battery. Federal troops were landed on Dauphin Island; city in great excitement. General Maury called all citizens to arms.

[Indorsement.]

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Dept.of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 9, 1864.

(Received 8.50 a.m.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General Elliott reports to me that he yesterday saw a large herd of cattle and mules on this side of the Chattahoochee, below Proctor's Creek,as he was on his way to visit General Kilpatrick at Sweet Water Town; he also inform me that the enemy's cavalry is on this side of Chattahoochee,a short distance below Turner's Ferry,and could very easily capture the herd where it is at this time. He suggests that it be moved to this side of Proctor's Creek, unless you have a guard sufficiently large to insure its safety against capture.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Howard.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field,near Atlanta, August 9, 1864.

(Received 8.15 a.m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

Don't delay your movements to-day or make them dependent on the sounds of artillery, for you cannot hear the guns of General Thomas that bear on the city, while only four of General Howard's can reach the town. You may persevere in a general activity along the whole line. Orders were sent to General Kilpatrick during the night.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

