
Farragut inside of Mobile Bay. I hope it is true. I will assign Colonel Hamilton to you,and leave you to pick out a commander of brigade.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, August 9, 1864-1 p.m.

Colonel J. S. CASEMENT, Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: I am ordered to put Byrd Reilly,and Barter in one line substantially. This will probably crowd out all of your brigade from the new line, but one regiment. If that is so, I desire, the Sixty-third Indiana to be the regiment left there, for reasons which I mentioned last evening and the rest of your brigade would be held substantially in reserve in the position it occupied this morning.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

In accordance with orders from department headquarters I occupied my advance works this morning at 6 o'clock, but up to this time, 10 a.m., no movement on the right or left of me has been made, a skirmish line only connecting with my front line.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., August 9, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs me to say that the new line in process of completion was occupied this a.m. as directed along the entire front, with the exception of a space between the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps,concerning which some misunderstanding exists. This new line is occupied as strongly as is now necessary for a fighting line, and more troops will probably be in the way of the working parties. In order to settle the division between your corps and the Fifteenth Corps, the general requests that you will direct the engineer officer of your corps to meet the engineer officer of the Fifteenth Corps, with Captain C. B. Reese, chief engineer, at these headquarters at 2 o'clock this p.m. These three officers will determine the division to prevent any further misunderstanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-It is proper to add that the conformation of the ground lengthened the line to be occupied by the Fifteenth Corps, throwing more than one brigade to the right.

(Same to General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps.)

