HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that my command was to-day employed in finishing a new line of works in advance of the one now occupied, which was completed this evening, except head-logs and abatis. The abatis could not be made in daylight and will, therefore, be finished to-night. I would also report that the new line was occupied to-day, by direction of the major-general commanding the department, by troops sufficient to make one rank. Nothing special occurred in front. Picket-firing was quite brisk, and a few shells thrown from the enemy's batteries.

Respectfully submitted.

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, August 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNES,Assistant Adjutant-General:

In accordance with instructions from corps headquarters, I caused my line in front to be strengthened as far as I could, and have moved a portion of my command forward, but the work on my left, and which Captain Klosterman said could be completed by the Seventeenth Corps, in untouched, and to move my line forward would leave it without connection on the left. What shall I do? By advancing my line, unless the Seventeenth Corps moves up and shares this ground; I will not have troops enough to more than up a single line by using them all. The weak part of the line is on the left, between the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps, owing to the exposed position and the complete curve, which hide an approaching enemy until within a few yards. I am having the brush chopped and the work extended toward the Seventeenth Corps, but cannot surely believe that we are excepted to keep feeling for the right of the Seventeenth Corps. By so doing I will so weaken the point indicated as to render it very insecure.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM HARROW,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: Your note is received. If the Twentieth Corps comes up you will be all right. I am anxious to have a good, large, strong battery put in on your front where you deem best. I leave it to you. If you can get to work on it to-night so much the better, as we may want to use it. The Seventeenth Army Corps is moving up this p.m., so that both of our flanks will be secure. Make your front as strong as possible. So long as we are so near the enemy we are likely to suffer from

