
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 73. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 9, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Division commanders will complete the new line of works and occupy them to-night, if possible, with artillery and infantry, or have it ready to occupy in the morning. In case of an attack the new line is the one to be defended; should not be crowded with troops, but sufficient room for them to work freely must be given, and the reserves thus obtained will be placed in position in the old works.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 10, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of the 9th is received. It so to replace our daily losses that I propose that all recruits made daily in the Western States instead of accumulating at depots, should at once come to Nashville and be sent here on the cars, which can bring 400 a day without interfering with freights. I have ordered General Washburn, at Memphis, to have General A. J. Smith, who is now marching on Columbus, Miss., come to Decatur, Ala., whence I can bring to this army certain regiments and fragments that properly belong here, and a division that I originally designed to form a part of this army. The balance of infantry and cavalry I would send back via Savannah and Jackson, Tenn. My lines are now ten miles long, extending from the Augusta road on the left, round of East Point on the south. I cannot extend more without making my lines too weak. We are in close contact and skirmishing all the time. I have just got up four 4 1/2-inch with ammunition, and propose to expend about 4,000 rifled shot in the heart of Atlanta. We have already commanded it with our lighter ordnance. Since July 28 General Hood has not attempted to meet us outside of his parapets. In order to possess and destroy effectually his communications I may have to leave a corps at the railroad bridge, well intrenched,and cut loose with the balance and make a desolating circle around Atlanta. I do not propose to assault the works, which are to strong, or to proceed by regular approaches. I have lost a good many regiments and will loose more by the expiration of service, and this is the only reason why I want re-enforcements. I have killed, crippled, and captured more of the enemy than we have lost by his acts.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 10, 1864.

General THOMAS:

General Schofield has examined closely his whole line, which lies south, a little east, parallel with the enemy,one brigade being on the Campbellton road south of Utoy. He is not absolutely certain that his right

