
is near the West Point railroad, and yet urges that another corps can reach the Macon road, and wants to make Proctor's Creek our left flank, draw our supplies from Turner's Ferry, and keep on extending. My own experience is the enemy can build parapets faster than we march and it would be the same thing by extending right or left. In a single night we would find ourselves confronted with parapets which we would fear to attack in the morning. He describes the country south of Utoy as more open and better cultivated. I want the 4 1/2-inch and 20-pounder guns to hammer away, and I will think of the next move.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Howard.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 10, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I don't hear the 4 1/2-inch guns. Tell General Brannan to keep them going. Tine is too valuable to be wasted. I have a report of the lay of ground south of Utoy from General Schofield, about which I have asked him some questions, when I will telegraph you substance. I have a dispatch from General Grant, in Washington, of the 9th, but nothing of interest. Louisville papers contain news of Admiral Farragut's passage of the Mobile forts.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

THOMAS' HEADQUARTERS, August 10, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

The 4 1/2-inch guns have been firing every five minutes since 5 p.m. I will order them to increase. The battery on Williams' front has been ordered ready as soon as possible and will five fire when completed. The shells from the 4 1/2-inch guns burst beautifully.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, August 10, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have your last dispatch. I hear the guns and the shells also. The enemy's battery of 32-pounder rifled are firing on us here from the White Hall fort to draw off or divert our fire. Keep up a steady, persistent fire on Atlanta with the 4 1/2-inch guns and 20-pounder Parrotts, and order them to pay no attention to the side firing by which the enemy may attempt to divert their attention. I think those guns will make Atlanta of less value to them as a large marching-shop and depot of supplies. The inhabitants have of course, got out.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

