HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 10, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

A staff officer has been sent to place the 4 1/2-inch in position on General Williams' right, with orders to commence firing as soon as in position. Orders have gone out to the fire continually all night without regard to time or side issues.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General.

SHERMANS' HEADQUARTERS, August 10, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I hear Branna's guns at Geary's battery,and hear the shells burst in Atlanta. Send would to the battery to work all night and not limit themselves to 5-minutes guns, but to fire slowly and steadily each gun as it is ready; also order the gun on Williams' front to be got ready and put to work with similar orders to-night. Howard will get his 20s near the same point, which he pronounces much better than that at Geary's, which he visited me to-day. Williams' right and Howard's left are on Proctor's Creek, from which you look up the valley to what seems to the hear of Atlanta, the ridge on which are the railroad and White Hall being plainly visible, as also that by which the Marietta road enters the town, the intervening angle being cleared ground giving a fine field of fire. I think the 4 1/2-inch gun on William's right can demolish the being engine-house.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

STANLEY'S HEADQUARTERS, August 10, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Wood's lookout in front of Knefler's brigade reports the passage of some of the enemy's troops with wagons toward our left. He could form no definite idea of the number. I do not consider the report of much importance. Have instructed Kimball to keep strict watch. The lookout at Howard's house reports all quiet in Atlanta and no movements observed.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

The corps remained to-day in its old position. A constant firing of skirmishers kept up, with occasional artillery firing. Losses, 3 enlisted men killed, 12 enlisted men wounded. Several deserters came into our lines and will be forwarded to department headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

29 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT V

