
as could be used there. Please inform the general that Stoneman's cavalry has control of the country from McPherson's right, on the Turner's Ferryroad, to the river, near Sandtown. He has beaten the enemy's cavalry in several small affairs and captured many prisoners and a large number of good horses and mules. I am just informed by Colonel Cameron, commanding a brigade of General Cox's division, which has been covering General Hooker's right during his advance, that at 5 p.m. to-day General Hooker united with General Dodge beyond Nickajack, and his (Colonel Cameron's) troops were thereby relieved.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., July 4, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps;

GENERAL: I have just received Colonel Perkins' note inclosing a plat to indicate the position in which your corps is being established. If your maps are all right your right must be some distance in rear of General Dodge's left. General Dodge crossed the Nickajack at Ruff's Mill and his line crossed the road leading from that point toward Ruff's Station. I have also a brigade on his left with instructions to feel for your right. In the morning I will put in whatever additional force may be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

SANDTOWN AND MARIETTA ROAD,

July 4, 1864.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade:

As soon as you reach this road or its immediate vicinity, in case you cannot strike, it try be all means to communicate with Colonel Butler on your left and on this road where the left-hand branch from the barricade strikes it and send me word by the bearer of this when you have done so. Scout the country well to your front and right and try to communicate with McCook or Adams on your right. One or both of them ought to be between you and the Chattahoochee River on this road (the Sandtown and Marietta.) I shall be on this road until further notice, and I hope you will be able to send me by this road direct.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

STONEMAN,

General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, GA., July 4, 1864-8 a.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Your dispatch per Lieutenant Vernay, was received last night. Lightburn's brigade, of Morgan L. Smith's division, secured a position

