
BEFORE ATLANTA, GA., August 10, 1864-10 p.m.

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Assistant Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

Still extending our line to the right, and find enemy on our front everywhere. Have got four 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns into position to-day, which burst their shells in Atlanta, and will keep that city awake. No other news.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Cipher Operator, U. S. Military Telegraph.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 77. Near Atlanta, GA., August 10, 1864.

I. The term of service of the First Regiment East Tennessee Infantry having nearly expired, the regiment will be relieved from duty with the army in the field, on the 11th instant; will move, by rail if practicable, to Knoxville, Tenn., and will there be mustered out of the service. This gallant regiment, first among the patriotic men of East Tennessee to take up arms in defense of the Union, has gained an enviable reputation by its three years of faithful and efficient service, and, especially during the present campaign, has won, together with its comrades of the Twenty-third Corps, enduring fame. To Colonel R. K. Byrd and the officers and men of his regiment I tender a soldier's appreciation and regard for soldierly fidelity and gallantry, and bid them farewell, with the hope that they may soon find in their homes in Tennessee the peace and prosperity for which they have fought so long and well.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 94. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 10, 1864.

Corps commanders will thoroughly reconnoiter the front, with a view to the practicability of a nearer approach to the rebel works, and so locating detached works or batteries as to hold the lines with a smaller number of men. The enemy will be annoyed by the skirmishers and our artillery as much as possible, so as to force him to remain inside his works.

* * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

