HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

The lines of the Fourteenth Corps remain unchanged to-day. Constant picket-firing, with occasional artillery, was kept up during the day. One or more cannon belonging to the enemy were destroyed or disabled. This is confirmed by deserters. Deserters represent the rebel army as much dissatisfied with Hood. Their losses are heavy from our artillery. I have directed the batteries on my front to keep up a steady fire upon their lines to-morrow. Few shots were fired by the rebels to-day from their artillery. My lines are so extended that the men are constantly on duty in the trenches and are, of course, somewhat worn and fatigued. This is not mentioned by way of complaining, but simply to let the department commander know that we (the Fourteenth Corps_ are not idle.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding department, that through officers and men of Stoneman's command I learn that the rebel cavalry is concentrating in large force at Monticello, some fifteen or twenty miles south of Covington and on the east of the Ocmulgee. An officer of the Fourteenth Illinois, wounded in the shoulder, is now in my camp; he has been two years in service, and has seen large bodies of cavalry together. Saw Stoneman's and my division together; he was three days in the vicinity of this cavalry, and saw it passing on the road, says he never saw so much cavalry before. Says Breckinridge is there, and that soldiers, officers, and negroes all say that there is to be a big raid to Tennessee. Negroes told him and as he laid by the roadside he overheard the rebels talk. He left Monticello four days ago. A private of same regiment also reports that he had to conceal himself three days near Covington as the roads were full of rebel cavalry going south. Deserters from Atlanta also report that Wheeler's command or portions of it have gone toward Covington. One man of the Fifth Indiana who left Covington on Monday reports four brigades to have passed there on that day en route to Madison. He says the bridge (railroad) over the Yellow River is not repaired, and he could see no attempts to repair the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 11, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I do want to know where our right flank is, how far from one of the two roads south of Atlanta; and as we cannot reach the Macon road I would like to say at least we had found our where the West Point road

