
across Nickajack Creek at Ruff's Mill yesterday afternoon and were relieved by a portion of Sweeny's division. Dodge is pushing forward his command in the direction of the railroad east of Nickajack Creek at Ruff's Mill. Blair is near Widow Mitchell's, and has sent two regiments of infantry and a section of artillery, in connection with a brigade of Stoneman's cavalry, on the road to Turner's Ferry, with orders to secure, if possible, the crossing of Nickajack Creek. Stoneman's cavalry, hold the country from the Sandtown road west to Sweet Water, and most of his cavalry is along the Sandtown road. Your dispatch to me was shown to Major-General Schofield.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, at front, July 4, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Howard charged across the field on his front and captured most of the advance line, but found the main line too strong with artillery. I have worked all along the line and shall continue to strengthen this point where the Marietta and Sandtown road first crosses Nickajack. Davis has a brigade across and the others and Baird in close support. I will give my personal attention that if you have to fight on that line, you shall have the assistance of all of Thomas' army if they have to assault the parapet. Davis is here and can be relied on. Hooker is in communication with you, and if we have a fight will all fight together; you may pitch in strong. I doubt if the enemy will expect an attack by that line, for they seem to have prepared on their front. I think 1,000 prisoners have been taken on this line. I am disappointed so little has been done to-day, but think the causes are at work that will produce the direct result. Our whole line is in communication. I will camp on this road one mile and a half back of this point about five miles out of Marietta on the Sandtown road. Let me hear every chance.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

JULY 4, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I had just got a position and directed artillery to be put in and open when your dispatch came.

McPHERSON,

Major-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Near Ruff's Mill, Ga., July 4, 1864-8.45 p.m

Major-General SHERMAN:

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL; In pursuance of your instructions at daybreak this morning I directed Major-General Dodge to take his entire command and push across Nickajack Creek at Ruff's Mill, General Blair to send two regiments and a section of artillery, supported by Stoneman's cavalry,

