
Mounted Infantry, and crossed Utoy Creek at the bridge. Rebel vedettes were found not far from the bridge and again at Sandtown. There was a picket post near Sandtown, on the Fayetteville road; when driven from it they retreated southward. He showed but a small force, and there appeared to be no re-enforcement of the rebel picket. I concluded that it was a post of observation only. General Kilpatrick had shelled Sandtown day before yesterday, but there were none of his troops in sight from Sandtown. I then took the road from Sandtown to Atlanta and returned on it two miles and a half to the road that leads to Owl Rock Church. I made a scout out on this to the camp-ground. Many fires of a large camp were still smoking. A respectable citizen, and old man, Mr. McWilliams, who lives near the church, stated that Armstrong's division of three brigades had camped there night before last, and had left there yesterday morning on the road toward Campbellton, saying that they were going on a raid. A small force of about 200 came back over the road this morning, and turned down the road that takes them either to East Point or Atlanta. A number of picket-posts at cross-roads on the Sandtown road were found, but the corn blades were two days or more old. It was evident that the cavalry had been moved out of that part of the country. On reaching the post of the cavalry on the Sandtown road in rear of the infantry position, I sent that which I had with me to their old positions on Utoy Creek and in camp near my quarters, and took the other portion and made a scout through to the vicinity of the right of General Hascall's position, but found no rebels in the rear of it. I do not think it practicable to picket the line of road traveled to-day, and think that the line of Utoy Creek is the best one for the protection of the flank from the right of our line to the river. There are no natural advantages on the line of the Sandtown road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 11, 1864.

General HOWARD:

Colonel Hamilton was ordered to report with his regiment to General Schofield and not to you. Please have him do so at once. In a close campaign like this, when horses are so scarce, generals must do without cavalry escorts. I have none.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 11, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

Colonel Hamilton, Ninth Ohio Cavalry, has with him but 200 men. I had him relieve the men of the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry at different headquarters. Is your order to him intended as a transfer to the Department of the Ohio, or only a temporary assignment for duty? For temporary duty on the right the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry is better prepared just now.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

