
from Widow Mitchell's down to Nickajack, near Turner's Ferry. Dodge moved across and ran against Stevenson's division, and as he developed his lines captured a few prisoners from each division of Hood's corps. I sent over Morgan L. Smith's division, and General Schofield sent in an brigade on Dodge's left to try and communicate with Hooker. As soon as the troops were over and in position, I directed Dodge to strengthen his skirmish line, so as to make it almost equivalent to a line of battle, especially over rough ground, and to assault the enemy's rifle-pits. The order was gallantry executed, the works taken, and some 50 prisoners captured; our loss not heavy; Colonel Noyes; Thirty-ninth Ohio, severely wounded. This gives Dodge a position about one mile and a quarter east of Nickajack Creek. He has one brigade of Schofield on his left, and Morgan L. Smith's division on his right and rear. The cavalry and infantry demonstration on the Turner's Ferry road reached a point, as they think, half a mile* from Nickajack and found it tolerably well fortified, with four guns in position. This brought the infantry to a half, and they have not advanced since. They will, however, hold all the ground they have gained, and be ready to try the strength of the enemy's works, if it is deemed desirable. I have about 15,000 men across the creek with Dodge, and Logan's two divisions (Osterhaus' and Harrow's) in reserve at the forks of the road. They got in late and completely worn out. I do not think more than half of the divisions arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Marietta, July 4, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding, you will move your command, starting about 9 o'clock, and report with it to Major-General McPherson, by the way of Cheney's or Wade's. The regiment now doing provost duty will remain until relieved by Major-General Thomas.

I am, general, with respect, yours, &amp;c.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Ruff's Mill, Ga., July 4, 1864.

Colonel E. W. RICE.

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: You will deploy one company of your command as skirmishers, supported by two companies, on the left flank of the Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry. They will move forward the distance of one mile, and discover if any of the enemy are in that locality. Should they meet with opposition they will immediately report the fact to these headquarters.

By order of T. W. Sweeny, brigadier-general commanding;

JAMES DAVIDSON,

First Lieutenant, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Reads a mile and a half in Howard's quotation. See Part III, p. 37.

---------------

