
and General Corse, should it become necessary. This will leave him two regiments in reserve. It seems to me that the Twentieth Corps should relieve one regiment on the left of General Corse's line. Please call General Howard's attention to this, as I informed him differently to-night, not knowing of General Corse's new disposition of troops.

I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I desire to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the fact that the line occupied by the Fourth Division of this corps has become extended to such an extent by the recent movements that neither the division commander (General Giles A. Smith) nor myself consider it safe without some reserve. It is in a very exposed position, and there is not in the division enough men to give a man for every two feet of front. I have been informed that the Sixteenth Corps has been re-enforced by a brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 79. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

I. Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of all the cavalry of the Army of the ohio serving with the troops in the field. Colonel Garrard will at once proceed to organize the cavalry and prepare it for active field service as soon as possible. Regimental and other commanders will make their reports to Colonel Garrard, as required by existing orders and regulations. All the members of the corps staff of the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Ohio will report for duty to Colonel Garrard.

* * * * *

XIII. Early to-morrow General Hascall will move forward and endeavor to reach the West Point railroad, as near as practicable to East Point, thoroughly destroy the road for a distance of two or three miles, and return to the rear of his present line. General Johnson will think out his line to-night and relieve General Cox's division at daylight in the morning. General Cox will occupy General Hascall's works as soon as vacated, and will support General Hascall in his operations, if necessary; especially in case of an attack or threatened attack upon his left. Colonel Garrard will operate upon General Hascall's right, and endeavor to clear the enemy's cavalry from his flank. He will scout and picket all roads leading from General Hascall's right to the Chattahoochee. The pickets should be very vigilant during the day, so as to detect at once any movement of troops about the enemy's lines. In case of the withdrawal of troops from any portion of the lines in his front General Johnson will endeavor to secure possession of them.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

