
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C., Numbers 59. Near Atlanta, GA., August 11, 1864.* * * * *

II. First. Every battery in the command will be placed in position in the front line. Strong works will be built to hold them, and, when necessary, they will be casemated. This should be done by daylight to-morrow, the 12th instant.

Second. As soon as all batteries are in position, whenever the enemy open a gun upon any part of the line every gun that can be brought to bear upon it will be immediately brought into action and continue to fire until the enemy's guns are silenced.

Third. The skirmish line will be instructed to keep a hot fire upon the enemy's skirmish line, or main line, and especially upon the embrasures of his batteries during the day, and every opportunity will be taken to force the enemy's skirmishers into their main works. During the night the skirmish line will not fire unless the enemy advance.

Fourth. Division commanders will select some point on the line to approach the enemy's works, and commence to work up to them by parallels and saps.

* * * * *

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 12, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have the pleasure of informing you that your appointment as major-general in the regular army has been ordered to-day, and will be immediately forwarded by mail. General Mower is appointed major-general of volunteers. His appointment will also be transmitted to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 12, 1864-7.30 p.m.

(Received 1.30 a.m. 13th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please convey to the President my thanks for the honor conferred on me. I would have preferred a delay until the close of the campaign. Also for the commission for General Mower, whose task was to kill Forrest. He only crippled him, but he is a young and game officer. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, August 12, 1864.

DEAR SHERMAN: I am sure you will feel convinced on receiving copies of Brannan's two telegrams* of yesterday to Barry that he did not for one moment think of embarrassing operations by any act of

---------------

*See p. 458.

---------------

