
jealousy toward the Army of the Tennessee. Indeed I do not understand why Barry should have reported to you that Brannan was making obstacles about placing the gun on Howard's left after receiving the telegrams referred to. I visited the bridge yesterday, and have sent Wharton down this morning to make a thorough reconnaissance and sketch of the ground so that Williams may be able to understand the orders which it will be necessary to give him relative to preparing for the defensive. I have already taken measures to mobilize my army when it becomes necessary to make the move you spoke to me about day before yesterday. I have also taken measures to find out more about the concentration of the enemy's cavalry at Monticello. I do not understand why they assemble there if a raid into Tennessee and Kentucky is intended as reported. I hope to know something about their intention in a day or two. Nearly all the ammunition for the 4 1/2-inch guns, which Baylor has been able to get down, has been expended now. The whole will be used up by to-morrow night. I sincerely hope the reports we hear of the movements about Mobile may prove true.

Yours, truly,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 12, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have your note. Assure General Brannan of my entire satisfaction. General Barry, in referring to his dispatches, found he had read it wrong. The dispatch was clear. I am perfectly satisfied that General Brannan did right and Barry led me into the error. Meet Generals Schofield and Howard at my headquarters at 10 a.m. to-morrow. I have just returned from the extreme right. I think the position of Schofield's corps, at least two miles below Utoy, is a threat to that flank that cannot be disregarded by Hood. Watch the motions in Atlanta as close as possible. I have no doubt of the news from Mobile. I know officially per Canby that the attempt was to be made, and it is more successful than I hoped for from the destruction of the rebel gun-boats, without which they cannot defend the city.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 12, 1864.

General BRANNAN:

I will show your dispatch to General Barry. The fact seem different than as represented to me. Yet too much time has been consumed, and I want more rapidity of firing, both for effect and that time may be allowed to remove the guns back to a safe place in case the whole army is required to move quick. I was offended about the gun, because it looked as though you begrudged the Army of the Tennessee the use of a single gun, a spirit of jealousy when there should be a generous rivalry and desire to oblige, but I trust I am mistaken in this also.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

