HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 12, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Last night I received an order from General Schofield to extend my line to the right in order to relieve the Twenty-third Corps, as it was intended to be moved to the right to destroy the railroad. My part was performed, but if the Twenty-third Corps did anything I have failed to hear of it. Thirty-eight prisoners of war and deserters have been forwarded since my report of the 9th. A deserter who came in late this evening reports that the rebels have a line of works about one mile and a quarter in the rear of those now occupied, to which they design falling back to-night. I inclose casualty report for yesterday.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

STATION OBSERVATION, August 12, 1864-9.25 a.m.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer:

CAPTAIN: Men at work on four-gun fort, same place as yesterday.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General Military Division of the Mississippi:

COLONEL: In compliance with your telegram of 10th instant inclosed please find list of Western veteran troops serving in this department. The report is not very complete, owing to the fact that reports have not been received from many of the commands since their return from furlough, in consequence of the movements of the army and the troops being on the march or in line of battle. If the inclosed be not satisfactory it will be necessary to send to each command for the date from which to compile the required list, the reports being received at these headquarters in a consolidated form by divisions. The estimate of the strength of each regiment is in all probability not too great, no allowance being made for the casualties of the present campaign. Many non-veterans still serving with their regiments are no included.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY M. CIST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 510.

---------------

