
alley. The supply trains belonging to Hardee's corps are camped to the right of the cemetery between First street and the Augusta railroad, near Elmore street; can be easily reached by batteries in Fourth Corps. Says no change has taken place in the position of the enemy's corps except that they are strengthening their left by artillery. The buildings in the fair-grounds are used as hospitals for their wounded. Says when he went into town yesterday he was not halted nor asked for a pass till he got into town; went into town from Paul Jones', southeast from Decatur two miles, and returned same way. Says the works along the Augusta railroad are held by militia and dismounted cavalry in small force and without artillery.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

ED. C. DENIG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 12, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

We could not get General Stanley's operator last night, but he got the orders this morning and says he will attend to them at once. I will come over in about an hour and follow to your right. All our big guns are now in position, three firing along the Buck Head road and one at the depot up the valley of Proctor's Creek.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 12, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

Meet Generals Thomas and Howard at my headquarters at 10 a.m. [to-morrow]. Collect to-night the names of as many resident farmers as you can, as I have copy of a rebel map with names on it and ruled to lots. I will have copies made enough for us all. The name of the man who lived at the house we were in this evening will enable us to locate our line exactly.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, before Atlanta, Ga., August 12, 1864-2 a.m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that your division will pass by General Hascall's command and take the advance in the movement to-morrow morning, and he desires you to make all necessary arrangements. The generals will see you at an early hour in the morning and give full instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

