HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 4, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General LEGGETT,

Commanding, Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to withdraw General Force from his present position and move out toward the Fourth Division, camping on the ground indicated by Lieutenant Tompkins, aide-de-camp.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,In front of Marietta, July 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I advanced on the Pace's Ferry road about a mile and a half, driving the enemy's pickets, crossing a creek and taking a range of hills on the south side. The enemy was strong, and being in front of the infantry, while they did not advance, knowing that any farther progress would be impossible on my part, I connected late this afternoon my vedettes with General Howard's pickets. My dismounted men were half a mile in advance of where my vedettes now stand. The enemy's cavalry picket the Power's Ferry road and on the Roswell Factory road; my pickets extend from the Powers' Ferry road to the Fourth Corps.

Are there any orders for me?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 4, 1864.

General GARRARD:

Commanding Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am satisfied the enemy will attempt with his cavalry to cross the Chattahoochee about Roswell and make an attempt on our communications. To counteract him you will move in that direction and watch close, taking some position on which to rally on infantry, a brigade of which is at Marietta, a strong brigade at Allatoona, and General Thomas, will be instructed to hold McCook's brigade ready to go to your assistance. You may draw out at once and go to Roswell, and if you can force your way to it, you may gain a secure position from which you can watch that point. In case the enemy's cavalry get across, you must hang to him, opposing him whenever opposition is possible, and send couriers rapidly to me, and to the points of the railroad threatened. In the mean time report to me frequently and use your cavalry as though you were preparing to cross yourself or were only waiting for the waters to subside and make the ford practicable. You now understand the geography so well that I have no doubt you can prevent Wheeler from doing much damage between Marietta and Alla-

