
that it is nearly hopeless to avoid the force being fully seen, as rebel vedettes are along our front the whole distance. I have no hesitation in saying that any road to the railroad which is not exceedingly long and circuitous must lead through the open valleys around us. The force reported by Garrard proves to be only vedettes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,August 12, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have passed beyond the cross-road between the Sandtown and Campbellton road, about a quarter of a mile to the forks of the Campbellton and East Point roads. The East Point road comes back sharply. Casement is out on it, pushing toward the wooded hill seen from General Hascall's front. The vedettes on the extreme right (Campbellton road) keep up a lively skirmish. The line of the Campbellton road from Hascall's right to this point is a very pretty one for a defensive line if the flank is not too exposed. Captain Twining will wait till Casement gets farther on so as to be able to report definitely whether the wooded hill referred to is held in any considerable force. The line of rebel works is distinctly seen at intervals all the way down to the point stated by Mr. Willis to be near East Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY COMMAND, DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Before Atlanta, Ga,. August 12, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the scouts ordered this morning to scout from the bridge over Utoy to Sandtown, and from Donahue's Mill to the cross-roads near the Owl Rock Church, met heavy pickets of the enemy, indicating that the country over which I scouted yesterday had been reoccupied. The enemy's pickets made a stubborn resistance, but were driven in, and scouts made as far as Sandtown and to the cross-roads near the Owl Rock Church.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 12, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Signal officer reports 5.10 p.m. three trains of cars loaded with troops just arrived at Atlanta. Numbers 1, four passenger and seven freight cars; Numbers 2, thirteen freight cars; Numbers 3, seventeen freight cars, full outside and inside.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

