
announce the capture of Marietta by their cavalry. That indicates a purpose. I think you had better bring the Kenesaw force close in, with a regiment to picket the mountain, with a signal station.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

General SHERMAN:

Following telegram just received:

BIG SHANTY.

VAN DYNE:

Train Numbers 2, first section, engine 25, was fired upon one mile south of Acworth; the road entirely torn up for 8 rods; engine 25 badly off; ties all burnt and iron bent. I have brought my train back to Big Shanty, and will wait orders from you.

SULLIVAN,

Conductor.

I will send a construction train at once to repair track.

J. B. VAN DYNE,

Master of Transportation.

CALHOUN, GA., August 13, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding District of the Etowah:

Citizens from Pickens County report that Colonel Hart's Sixth Georgia (rebel) Cavalry Regiment, with one other battalion, are at Jasper. They state their number at 1,500, but I think greatly overestimate their strength. It is probable they may be a part of the same gang that tore up the roads last night. I start a scout of 100 men on Jasper road at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.

J. K. FAULKNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

PROPOSITION.] HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN.,

Before Atlanta, Ga., August 13, 1864.

Accumulate all impedimenta not going at proposed depot prior to movement, and move trains of Armies of the Ohio and the Cumberland, under cover as much as possible, to vicinity of Utoy Creek, there to be parked and guarded by infantry; this the day before the troops draw out. Then:

First. Move Fourth Corps in the night to position in rear of Fourteenth Corps, so that the Twentieth Corps can withdraw at daylight and march to proposed depot, cavalry following closely Twentieth Corps, and taking up position on the south side of Proctor's Creek. Next night let trains of Army of the Tennessee move down Green's Ferry road, under guard, toward Sandtown, and park near Utoy Creek.

Second. At daylight Armies of the Ohio and the Cumberland move out simultaneously, by two routes if possible, in direction of Fairburn, Army of the Ohio to halt in position, Army of the Cumberland to form on its left, and the Army of the Tennessee, marching at same hour, to pass via Utoy or Sandtown to the rear and right of the other two

