
armies. The three armies will march three roads if possible, not more than two miles part. The cavalry (Kilpatrick's) intended to cover the right flank to precede the Army of the Ohio, and that intended for the left flank to follow the Army of the Tennessee as far as Utoy Creek.

Respectfully submitted.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

No division or brigade has gone from here west, and I shall endeavor to keep the enemy busy that none will go. The great danger has been of troops going from Lee to join Early in the Shenandoah Valley. I attempted a surprise on the north side of the river last night with the hope of getting near to Richmond and getting cavalry on their railroads on that side of the river. The enemy were found fortified, and their works manned by a division of Longstreet's corps, which I supposed had gone to join Early. The great danger you have to apprehend is from Kirby Smith getting his men across the Mississippi. The move you propose is a little hazardous, but I believe it will succeed. If you do not force the enemy out to fight, you will easily get back to your base. Our move to-day has resulted in the capture of 6 pieces of artillery and some prisoners, and probably the killing and wounding of 500 or 600 of the enemy. In killed and wounded our loss will probably reach 400.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 14, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Near Atlanta, Ga.:

Our official information extends only to the passage of the forts by the fleet and Granger's landing on Dauphin Island. Through the rebel papers we learn that forts Gaines and Powell were captured and destroyed. I have seen nothing to indicate that either Fort Morgan or Mobile had been taken, and I have no reason to hope that the fleet or Granger's command will be able to open the Alabama River. Your dispatch will be sent to General Grant for his reply.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 14, 1864.

General THOMAS:

General McArthur, at Marietta, reports small bodies of cavalry approach Marietta from the northeast. General Garrard should send frequently up to Roswell and McAfee's. You may order General Kilpatrick to lay down a bridge at Sandtown, and be prepared to scour the country down as far as Camp Creek.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

