
STATION OBSERVATION,

At General Geary's Headquarters, August 14, 1864.

Captain A. K. TAYLOR,

Acting Signal Officer:

CAPTAIN: I have to report that the shells fired from the heavy guns, with but few exceptions, exploded in the city. The shells fired from a battery, I think on General Ward's line, exploded in front, above, and to rear of the enemy's works south and distant from station two miles and a half. The men in these works confined themselves closely all day to their bomb-proofs. In a direction 10 degrees west of south, and distant three miles and a half, the enemy were working on a fort all day. This evening heard rumbling in direction of the city as if the cars were running in. Considerable firing, both artillery and musketry, on right this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 14, 1864.

General McCOOK:

Cannot John E. Smith's infantry drive that brigade at Fairmount? I think that Steedman at Chattanooga will come out and meet Wheeler at or near Dalton. I have just ordered Garrard and Kilpatrick to take advantage of the absence of Wheeler to strike the enemy's flanks. Collect your men and be ready to catch detachments of Wheeler on their return.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CARTERSVILLE, GA., August 14, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I think there will be no difficulty in driving the brigade at Fairmount away, and that it was only left to cover the retreat of the party with cattle. They retreated toward Jasper, and the force I sent out this morning may intercept them there. I sent all I had, but still fear they are too weak. Colonel Faulkner had sent 250 men when he attacked them at Fairmount. I think Wheeler is after the tunnel.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

CARTERSVILLE, August 14, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Colonel Faulkner has just returned from pursuit of the party that captured cattle. It was Hannon's brigade, four regiments, and two pieces artillery. Major Fidler drove in enemy's pickets at Fairmount. Colonel Faulkner telegraphs that his horses are exhausted, and that Wheeler with 6,000 men is on Oldtown road from Tilton to Dalton, and had demanded surrender of Dalton. Forces ought to be concentrated up there. The Second Brigade detachments still out. I have nothing to take the offensive with.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

