
is on the flanks; says Wheeler's command numbers 25,000 men; has not heard of any raid contemplated by him. The whole army is said to be 75,000 men. With regard to its morale Captain Jordan says it is greatly demoralized, both officers and men feel that they are whipped. The officers will not acknowledge it, but the men feel that there is no longer any chance of success, and, although they will fight desperately if attacked in their works, they would refuse to make a general charge; says he is confident that if the men could be made to know how they would be treated after coming over the majority of Hood's soldiers would desert him, and that if the practice of the picket-lines agreeing to a truce for a few hours at a time was encouraged a great many men would desert them every day. Their men have great confidence in the honor of our soldiers, and a proposition to cease firing is at once accepted. It was during one of these armistices along the picket-lines that he questioned our pickets as to the kind of treatment he would receive in case he deserted, and was told he would be sent North. Their men are taught to believe that the Government would force them into the army as soon as they came over; says he has been looking for an opportunity to desert during the whole campaign and improved the first opportunity after being assured that he would be sent North and allowed to stay there. Since the 20th of July only about one-quarter rations have been issued. There are no supplies of any kind in Atlanta. The are shipped from below as they are needed by the troops, two or three days' supply being issued at a time. The ration consists of bacon and corn bread and occasionally beef; has often seen hi men east a day's supply at a mean and then not be satisfied. Officers draw rations with their men. The supply of ammunition is very small; men are ordered not to fire when upon picket duty or when acting as sharpshooters unless sure of their mark, and whenever an assault is ordered or an attack expected an order is issued cautioning the men to be saving of the cartridges. Our artillery is often not replied to because of the scarcity of ammunition. One-third of the men in the trenches are kept up all night, and at 3 o'clock the whole force is ordered under arms until daylight.

Captain Jordan describes the breast-works as being very strong, and protected by abatis constructed with great care and extending along the whole line; thinks the weakest part of the line is that portion held by the militia. The works there are the same, and were constructed by old troops, but the militia will not stand; does not know what damage was done to the railroad by Stoneman, but learned that all bridges south of Macon for a distance of thirty miles were burned, together with some engines and cars at or near Griswold Station; states that one of his men who was sick at Montgomery came over the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, and that about three miles at each end of the break was repaired. Parties were employed repairing the road at each end of the break. Has not heard anything in regard to the Augusta railroad, whether it is being repaired or not. States that supplies are scattered from Atlanta to Macon, no great quantity at any one point.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the general commanding.

ED. C. DENIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

