
Statement of William McNabb (citizen).

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

Says he is a citizen of Dalton, Ga.; has been in the employ of the Confederate Government on the Western and Atlantic Railroad for three years; has been at Griswold Station with rolling-stock of the road. Came through Atlanta and Decatur day before yesterday. States that on the Central road General Stoneman burned all the bridges, trestles, depot buildings and Government store-houses between Macon and McIntire Station, a distance of sixty miles; did not disturb the track. A large lot of quartermaster's stores, which had been sent from Griswold to Gordon Station, were burned at that station, together with 4 trains, 4 engines, and about 50 cars, which were standing on the side track at Gordon and Griswold. The first trestle south of Macon has been rebuilt and others are being framed at Millen Station, ten miles from Macon. Does not know whether the Atlanta and West Point Road is being repaired or not. Says he was in Augusta last Sunday, August 7. A bridge is being framed at Augusta to replace the one destroyed over the Alcova River. Saw workmen clearing off the timber and apparently getting ready to rebuild the bridge destroyed across the Yellow River. Learned from railroad men and workmen at Alcova Station that the road would be repaired as far as Covington. Did not see or hear of any bridge being built over Yellow River. Says they were looking for another raid. Understood that about 2,000 of Wheeler's command started from Covington last week on a raid in our rear; was told this by citizens near Jonesborough.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

ED. C. DENIG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

(Received 2.45 p.m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

Send an aide to the Campbellton road where we were the other evening, and report to me to-night if the enemy have erected a battery at the point where we saw them at work. Also any other appearances on that flank indicative of an accumulation of troops there. I would also like to have a rough sketch of the lay of the ground and roads from your old headquarters, to what we term Utoy Post-Office, and the point to which General Cox extended his reconnaissance.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

