
NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, July 5, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

On the 3rd we pursued the enemy by all the roads south till we found him in an intrenched position which had been prepared in advance, its salient on the main Marietta and Atlanta road about five miles south of Marietta, and the wings behind the Nickajack and Rottenwood Creeks. During the 4th General Thomas pressed the salient, and McPherson and Schofield moved against Nickajack by pressing close and threatening the Chattahoochee at Sandtown and below. Johnston again retreated in the night and now has his main force and wagons across the Chattahoochee, with Hardee's corps on this side, strongly intrenched in a sort of tete-de-pont on a ridge of hills beginning at the railroad bridge and extending down the river to the mouth of the Nickajack. We have worked hard, and now Thomas' left is on the Chattahoochee, three miles above the railroad bridge at Pace's Ferry. Stoneman has been most active with the cavalry about Sweet Water, and is now on the Chattahoochee about Sandtown, and Garrard started this morning for Roswell Factory. I have no report from him yet. I am now far ahead of my railroad and telegraph, and want them to catch up, and may be here some days. Atlanta is in plain view, nine miles distant. We have had continual skirmishing, but our losses are small, while we have inflicted more to the enemy. Our prisoners taken in the last two days will not fall short of 2,000. The extent of the enemy's parallels already taken is wonderful, and much of the same sort confronts us yet, and is seen beyond the Chattahoochee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 5, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Marietta, Ga.:

The President has issued his proclamation declaring martial law in the State of Kentucky. News just received of a naval battle off Cherbourg between the pirate Alabama and the United States war steamer Kearsarge. After a close engagement of one hour and forty minutes the Alabama was sunk. Semmes and his officers and part of the crew found shelter in a British yacht. No one killed on the Kearsarge.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 5, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: We discovered at daylight this morning that the enemy had gone from in front of us, and I immediately ordered the troops in pursuit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

