HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL DETACHMENT,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 14, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report for today: Lieutenant Fish, one of my officers, went to observation station early in the morning and reports as follows: I found everything as before, with one exception, viz, a casemated fort for two guns is being erected at the right (enemy's right) and in rear of six- gun fort. Three trains of cars arrived at Atlanta during the day: Numbers 1, of four platform and two box- cars, used as a construction train; Numbers 2, of four passenger and five freight cars; Numbers 3, of fifteen freight cars, doors closed; could not see with what loaded, or whether loaded or not. Train ran slow; engine appeared to be working hard.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cartersville, August 14, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

A drove of cattle was this a. m. captured together with escort. Have sent out all available cavalry and 300 infantry. Commanding officer at Adairsville telegraphs 6 p. m.-

That a captured prisoner reports the force to consist of 6,000 men under General Wheeler, with ten pieces of artillery, and that the party capturing the cattle were 2,000 strong, with two pieces artillery, and that their main force is pushing still farther north.

I cannot get any believable information, but do not think there is more than 1,000 or 1,500. I understand further that the telegraph operators at Resaca and Calhoun heard a message from a colonel at Dalton to General Steedman, stating that the rebels had demanded the surrender of that place.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier- General.

(Copy forwarded by General Sherman to Generals Thomas, Howard, and Schofield.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 14, 1864.

General J. E. SMITH:

If Wheeler has passed north, look well to the security of the Etowah bridge and Allatoona. Have as strong a force collected as possible, and watch to catch parties on their return. General Steedman has force enough. In an emergency like this, you can call on the force at Rome, which is not on the main line, and therefore not essential.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

