
do us much harm. I will order that he be kept in that direction. He may disturb some of General Schofield's garrisons; but if he could not take Tilton or Dalton, he will not venture much, and all above will be on their guard and prepared. As soon as this news is confirmed and ratified, I will put in execution our plans. So get ready. I want to hear of Generals Kilpatrick's and Garrard's expeditions before making orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Schofield and Howard.)

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 15, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Following received from Colonel Rum, at Resaca:

I can now give you particulars of the Dalton affair. The town was sieged about 6 p. m. yesterday. Colonel Laiboldt occupied the fort and declined to surrender. Early this morning General Steedman arrived there with one New York and one Ohio regiment and six companies of negro troops, and immediately attacked the enemy, and after four hours' fighting drove them toward Spring Place. The enemy's loss heavy. We are collecting the dead and wounded. Colonel Laiboldt expects another attack. The enemy supposed to be 6,000 strong, with two batteries. I had two companies at the water- tank, one mile and three- quarters south of Dalton. They were attacked at daylight this morning, and after four hours' fighting surrendered. The railroad is destroyed from the tank north to Dalton. The enemy still in the neighborhood of Tilton. General Smith, with 2,000 men, is due here at 11 o'clock. The cavalry at Calhoun, II thin, should be ordered to this place to-night.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 15, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following plan for the withdrawal of my troops from the left, and concentrating them on the right, and at the same time place the Twentieth Corps in the fortifications at the railroad bridge.

First. Have all the wagons that are to be taken with the troops moved over to the right, and parked in some secure position. Then, early in the evening, about 8 o'clock, move General Stanley's entire force from the intrenchments, and mass them on advantageous ground somewhere about the Meyer house. This will enable General Stanley to cover the retirement of the Twentieth Corps, which should be able to commence its movement by 12 o'clock at night. About 2 a. m. both General Stanley's and General Williams' pickets might be withdrawn, General Stanley's pickets taking post in front of his line, near the Meyer house, and General Williams' pickets covering his march to the river. General Garrard's cavalry should preserve its position on the extreme left, and look out for the flank during the movement of the two corps, commencing to fall back when General Stanley's pickets move, and so conduct his.

