
movement as to place his troops between General Williams's skirmishers and the enemy if General Williams is pursued. General Garrard should maintain his position until General Williams has reached is position at the bridge and adjusted his troops.

Second. General Williams having adjusted his troops to cover the railroad bridge, General Garrard should move by the right and place himself on the right and rear of General Howard to protect his flank. After General Williams has passed toward the river General Stanley could continue his march ad go into camp behind and near the extreme right. If possible General Stanley should reach the position on the extreme right the first day, as it would enable his troops to have the whole of the second day to rest.

Third. In continuance of the movements for the concentration of the army, the second day General Howard could move from his position on the left of the Fourteenth Corps, and place his troops on the extreme right as you design, and the Fourteenth Corps shift its position from the left to the right of General Schofield's corps, and in front of the Fourth Corps or on its right flank. This will place the troops in position in the order in which you designed moving them, with General Garrard's cavalry on the left flank.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major- General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI

In the Field, near Atlanta, August 15, 1864.

General THOMAS:

Your written communication is received and read. As soon as we know the extent of Wheeler's operations I will make my specific orders. I have Generals Howard's and Schofield's papers also. Go on and make all possible preparations preliminary to the move.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major- General, Commanding.

CALHOUN, August 15, 1864- 10.40 p. m.

General W. T. SHERMAN:

Colonel Faulkner's scouts report the enemy have crossed to north side of Coosawattee. They have gone from Dalton northeast.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier- General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 15, 1864.

General McCOOK:

In the absence of General Smith, take command of all forces in Allatoona, and be sure to protect the rations deposited there. Can't you hear of those cattle! Until Wheeler is disposed of, everything of value should be collected in Allatoona.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

