HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my command left camp at 5 this a.m. in pursuit of the enemy, and moved down the railroad, Brigadier-General Wood's division leading, followed by General Newton's, and then Major-General Stanley's.

General Wood met the enemy's dismounted cavalry, and commenced skirmishing with it about one mile and a half from camp. They delayed our advance as much as possible, making a stand at every advantageous position from that point to the place where I have gone into camp.

When about two miles from camp I learned from a report of one of my scouts that one of the trains of the enemy was moving toward the river on a road about two miles to our left. I directed General Newton to send a brigade of his division after it, but it had too much the start to be overtaken by infantry.

At 10 a.m. my head of column arrived at Vining's Station on the railroad, and 11 a.m. I started down the road leading from there to Pace's Ferry. Very near the station the enemy's dismounted cavalry took up a position on a ridge behind rail barricades, and when General Wood's skirmishers came up they left their cover, and charging them, attempted to drive them back, but they were quickly repulsed, and from this point were slowly driven back to the river at the ferry. So closely were they followed that they had not an opportunity to destroy the pontoon bridge over which they crossed. They cut in on this side, however, and it swung over to the other side of the river.

I now hold this side of the crossing, and General Wood has gone into position on a ridge almost parallel with the river, and near thereto; General Newton in his rear, and extending to his left, and General Stanley on the left of General Newton.

The losses in this command to-day have been very small for the results. We have taken 101 enlisted men prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Neal Dow Station, Ga., July 5, 1864-4.20 a.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Stanley reports that the enemy have gone from his front, and that he occupies their works.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Neal Dow Station, July 5, 1864-4.25 a.m.

Major-General STANLEY,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy have retreated. Make every preparation to follow him as soon as possible. General Wood's division will lead, General Newton will follow, then yours.

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

