
eral Steedman will go to the relief of Dalton. No matter what happens hold on to Resaca to the death. I want to catch Wheeler if possible. If possible send word to General Steedman by Snake Creek Gap and Johnson's Crook.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

RESACA, August 15, 1864- 7 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

The force which crossed last evening below Field's Mill was 2,000 strong, under General Martin, composed of the First, Third, Fourth, and Sixth Georgia Cavalry, a Mississippi regiment, and some Alabama cavalry. This force destroyed the railroad near Tilton. The force which crossed at the same time at Field's Mill is estimated at 1,000. They had four pieces of artillery. Wheeler was with the column which passed up yesterday morning by Oldtown. Their horses considerably jaded. I think all are north of the river. Some soldiers told their friends Wheeler would go to East Tennessee.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 15, 1864.

Colonel Raum,

Resaca:

General Smith on arrival can command all forces in and about Resaca, including the cavalry at Calhoun. Wheeler won't attack infantry in position. The prisoners taken by him should be rescued, and he should not be allowed to return down the valley, but be forced up toward Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

RESACA, August 15, 1864- 9 a. m.

General SMITH,

Cartersville:

Dalton is invested an the enemy using artillery. Between 2 and 4 this morning the enemy destroyed about one mile of road south of Tilton and have moved toward Spring Place. I have sent the Eightieth Ohio to Tilton. Is it possible to send troops from Rome, Kingston,m and Calhoun to the relief of Dalton! There are two trains here could be used. The cavalry at Calhoun are not acting under my orders.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

RESACA, August 15, 1864- 1 p. m.

General JOHN E. SMITH:

Last night a strong force of the enemy passed north, crossing the Coosawattee below Field's Mill. I think it is the force reported at Fairmount. Cannonading continued north of Tilton two hours ago. We sent courier to Chattanooga.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding.

