HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 16, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I respectfully suggest the following details in the execution of the plan proposed by you on the 13th instant:

First day. Twentieth Corps to take its position on the Chattahoochee and the Fourth Corps in rear of the Fourteenth, the trains which are to move with the army being previously parked along the Utoy, and those to be left in rear sent to the bridge- head.

Second day. General Howard to move via Utoy Post- Office to the south bank of Utoy Creek. General Thomas to pass around General Schofield, beyond the Campbellton road. General Howard's trains to move to where the road from Utoy Post Office to Campbellton crosses a branch of Utoy Creek, those of Generals Thomas and Schofield, near the Campbellton road, in rear of General Thomas.

Third day. General Howard to move via Elton to Fairburn, General Thomas via Mount Gilead Church to Red O, General Schofield to follow General Thomas. Trains to follow General Howard on the road his troops take and ones intermediate between Generals Thomas and Howard. Generals Thomas and Schofield to march by the right flank in strong order of battle (three parallel columns), using the wagon road for artillery and ammunition wagons alone, and cutting roads where necessary for the infantry to the left of the wagon road. I deem this order of march necessary for the reason that the enemy will most probably attack our left during the third dy's march. General Kilpatrick to cover the interval between the heads of column and General Howard's right. General Garrard to cover the rear from General Howard's right. General Garrard to cover the rear from General Schofield's left to the Chattahoochee. Upon reaching the West Point toad General Schofield to take position facing East Point, Generals Thomas, Howard, and Kilpatrick to deploy along the road and destroy it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864- 9 a.m.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty- their Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major- general commanding to inform you that Kilpatrick has reached Fairburn, burned the depot, torn up track, &amp;c. At 9 p. m. last night he was this side of Camp Creek, hoping that Jackson would come out and fight him. He also directs me to request you to have your troops in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and if the enemy's infantry is seen moving out, inform him of it at once, as in such a case we must also move out and meet them. The general will be at the front and see you there in the course of the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SCHOFIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

(Same to General Cox.)

