HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 16, 1864- 2 p. m.

Brigadier- General COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty- third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am informed that General Kilpatrick is about moving out to attack the rebel cavalry nea Mount Gilead Church. At 12 m. he was on the Campbellton road at the cross- road leading to the church, and I believe about a mile and a half from your right. If he meet rebel infantry he will call upon your for aid, in which case please move to his support at once; and in case of need call out two of Hascall's brigades to support you.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cross- Roads, nine miles from Atlanta, August 16, 1864- 12 m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I am requested by General Kilpatrick to present his compliments to Major General Schofield, and inform him that the railroad was cut at Fairburn, and the depot burned there last evening, and the enemy's cavalry found to be in force equal to two brigades, with four guns, near Camp Creek; that he has moved up on this road (the same that General Cox crossed in his reconnaissance a few days ago) to a cross- road that leads to mount Gilead Church, nea r which the rebel cavalry is encamped, with the intention of moving on them. I have the honor to report that if a new line of picket- posts is established from the right of our lines to the river, my picket- lines on Utoy Creek will not be needed, and I can bring these companies on picket up to the new line. This line will probably be the road we are now on, from the river to these cross- roads. From here to the right of our lines it will probably be back from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864- 2 p. m.

Colonel ISRAEL GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: I have your dispatch of 12 m. Present my compliments to General Kilpatrick, and tell him I have ordered General Cox's division of infantry to support him in his operates in case the enemy send infantry to oppose him. If he will call on General Cox, in case of need, the latter will move to his aid at once. If General Kilpatrick establishes his line from the river to the cross- roads,or in any other position in advance of the one you have heretofore occupied, move yours forward so as to connect between him ad the infantry, holding your picket- line as far forward as practicable. It is very desirable to have the main road on which you now are entirely crossed by our pickets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.

