
SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 16, 1864.

General McCOOK:

Remain with General Smith and help him all you can. If you can keep Wheeler up about Spring Place and Cleveland, do so. Telegraph to Colonel Donaldson, Nashville, to send down cavalry by cars, and also call for all cavalry you can hear of that is within reach. I want Wheeler dogged, the prisoners nd plunder rescued, and his force damaged all that is possible. Kilpatrick has already driven Jackson of the West Point road, and mashed that again, and Garrard is out on the other flank. I will avail myself all I can of Wheeler's absence to destroy the railroads south and the cavalry he has left behind. Did you hear anything of the cavalry your sent out from Cartersville!

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.

RESACA, August 16, 1864- 10.30 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

I have heard nothing of the cavalry I sent from Cartersville. You will be telegraphed from there as soon as anything comes. Will send courier through to Dalton with dispatch to General Steedman containing what you direct about cavalry from Nashville.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier- General.

RESACA, August 16, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Cavalry just come in from near Spring Place. Struck the enemy's pickets two miles from the town. martin is at Spring Place with force; scouts report them about 2,000 strong. Wheeler encamped there last night, and citizens report that he was going to Cleveland with the rest of his command, while Martin remained at Spring Place. General Smith is sending this information to General Steedman by courier. I think Martin holds this point in order to control the only roads over which Wheeler could retreat eastward. I telegraphed to Rome to- day to send any cavalry they had over here.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Cartersville, Ga., August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK, Kingston, Ga.:

All the information we can get seems to indicate that the enemy are concentrating for an attack on this place from there south side of the Etowah. Scouts have been sent out to ascertain their force and movements. Colonel Alexander, commanding fortifications at the bridge, advises the removal of all trains under the guns of the fort at the bridge. Unless otherwise directed by you, all the wagons and supply trains will be moved under the guns of the effort and the troops bivouacked in their present position on the Stilesborough road, prepared for an attack from that direction.

J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain and Inspector.

