
CARTERSVILLE, GA., August 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Resaca, Ga.:

GENERAL: I report the enemy (General Wheeler) having crossed at Frog Town and above, from 10,000 to 15,000 strong, between Friday noon and Sunday night. They moved in three columns, Wheeler passing through Jasper with a very large force on Saturday night and Sunday. General Wheeler said he intended striking Dalton, Kingston, Resaca, Tilton, and Tunnel Hill, then move into Tennessee. They reported 30,000 General Lee's infantry following the force of General Wheeler. They have made no attempt to carry off the cattle south, but keep them with their column. The country about Jasper is full of rebels hunting down Union men, shooting some, and burning uses. I marched six miles beyond Jasper on the east, and have been ten two guides, were captured. Country eaten out of subsistence. The enemy had fourteen pieces of artillery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS T. HEATH,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

RESACA, August 16, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

I move out this a. m. for Spring Place. Shall be governed by circumstances, as I cannot communicate with General Steedman in less than twenty- four hours from time of my arrival last night, 11.30 o'clock, at which time I sent couriers. Wheeler has concentrated his fores. I think if he is north I can accomplish what you desire by moving to Spring Place. I have 2,200 men, five days' supplies, and one section artillery. Colonel Raum will forward any communication you may have to make.

J. E. SMITH,

Brigadier- General.

RESACA, August 16, 1864- 12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The operators at Cleveland report the enemy moving toward Charleston, having passed within one mile of that place last night. I have sent out cavalry in direction of Spring Place; have not heard from them.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier- General.

RESACA, August 16, 1864- 2.30 p. m.

General SHERMAN:

Six rebel regiments reported within ten miles of Cartersville. Waiting to hear from General Steedman.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier- General.

