
action on this side of Nickajack, consequently I have not moved my column beyond Watson's house. I will confer with General McPherson to-night and see what can be done in the morning in case the enemy remain on this side of the river. I understand he is behind strong works along the Nickajack, covering Turner's Ferry, and presume McPherson will not be able to force a crossing this evening. If I do not hear from you to-night I will move down at daylight in the morning and co-operate with McPherson.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 5, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Move your entire command, except Stoneman's cavalry, to Ruff's Station, en route for position on our left, which will be either about Roswell Factory or the mouth of Rottenwood Creek. Ruff's Station is five miles south of Marietta, on the railroad, and I think there is a plain road from where you now are. Notify General McPherson of your departure and report to me by letter or in person on arrival.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Lynch's, on Sandtown Road, July 5, 1864-9.30a.m.

Colonel BYRD,

Commanding Third Brigade:

SIR: You will, on receipt of this, move your command by the road leading in this direction from the front of your works, and down the Sandtown road from this point to the intersection of the road from Powder Springs to Ruff's Station with this road, at which place you will receive further orders. The point you will reach is at or near Wade's house, and at any convenient locality near there you will halt and mass your troops, unless you receive other orders. The whole division is in motion. The enemy are again in retreat.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., July 5, 1864.

Colonel R. F. BARTER,

Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., 23rd Army Corps:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that I inform you that this division will move out upon the Sandtown road immediately. But he desires that your command remain in its present position, guarding cross-roads, trains, &amp;c., until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. COX,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

