
MARIETTA, August 16, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

The train I sent to Cartersville this p. m. has just returned. The arms were distributed at Etowah bridge. The conductor reports that they were expecting an attack, both at the bridge and at Cartersville.

J. B. VAN DYNE.

MARIETTA, August 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN.

At 4 p. m. to- day we had four trains at Resaca, one at Kingston, and two at Cartersville. At 5.10 p. m. I sent a train of four cars from Marietta to Cartersville with 300 muskets and a guard of 75 men. I have four engines and forty cars at Marietta, and the regular hospital train is at the front.

J. B. VAN DYNE,

Master of Transportation.

DALTON, August 16, 1864.

Major- General STEEDMAN:

I just received following note from J. E. Smith, brigadier- general:

RESACA, August 15- 11.30 p. m.

I have just arrived with 2,000 men. General Sherman directs me to communicate with General Steedman; if he is not there you will communicate such information as you may have of the movements of enemy. General Sherman desires that Wheeler be driven toward Tennessee and not be allowed to return down the valley. I shall move out toward Spring Place in the morning. You will telegraph General Steedman and send me reply as soon as possible.

Yours, respectfully,

J. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

I shall endeavor to find out Wheeler's whereabouts, and do all in my power with there troops at my disposal to accomplish the desired object. Please answer immediately.

B. LAIBOLDT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DALTON, August 16, 1864- 6 a. m.

Major- General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

I just received information that Martin's (rebel) division is in camp four miles from here on this side of the river.

B. LAIBOLDT,

Colonel, Commanding.

DALTON, August 16, 1864- 7 p. m.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

The enemy is collecting forces on the Spring Place road, near Thompson's Mill, and the Connesauga River. Citizens report that their intention is to blow up the tunnel.

B. LAIBOLDT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major- General, Commanding.

