
weeks, and that too without risking his cavalry. You will, therefore, order General Garrard to send to Sandtown, via Pace's Ferry and the west bank, the two brigades of cavalry, heretofore notified, with a battery of artillery, to move to- night and report on arrival to General Kilpatrick at Sandtown. The horses should be well fed, and could take some wagons of shelled corn as far as Sandtown, when the wagons may return. Men provided with full ammunition and five days' bread, sugar, coffee, and plenty of salt. General Kilpatrick will keep his command concealed all day to- morrow and move to - morrow night, cross the West Point road above Fairburn, reach the Macon road near Jonesborough, face toward East Point, and break road to the south. The dispatch from Cartersville I sen you an hour since is conclusive that Wheeler is away, and but little cavalry is left here. Kilpatrick will want a diversion day after to- morrow, and I will see that Schofield makes a considerable one, and I wish you to have Garrard's remaining brigade and Stanley's division give full occupation to that flank; I will risk the other. Instruct Garrard to be sure to send the pioneers along with the cavalry, provided with the tools to break up railroad. Kilpatrick represents forage abundant down there. Kilpatrick ranks Garrard, and the latter may go along if you prefer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NOTE.- Instead of moving via Pace's Ferry the two brigades will move to- night on this (east) side of the river to Sandtown.

By order of Brigadier- General Elliott:

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 17, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

The report of General Kimball that the enemy seemed to be massing on his left, as if with the intention of attacking him, does not seem to be well founded. General Stanley reports that he cannot perceive any evidence of the enemy, though he observes more than the usual activity along their lines.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major- General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field,near Atlanta, August 17, 1864.

General THOMAS:

I now have positive and official information that General Wheeler has gone up into East Tennessee beyond Spring Place. We will repair all damages to railroad and telegraph to- night. I will not move our infantry, but break the Macon road all to pieces with our cavalry to- morrow night. Therefore be active and demonstrate against Atlanta to occupy the front and make believe we will attack them in their trenches during to- morrow and next day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Schofield and Howard.)

