
HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 17, 1864-8 a. m.

Captain CASE:

I cannot discover anything new in enemy's line. I can see but the upper part of the large for southwest of here on the south side of the city. Cannot see any embrasures. Think it is a barbette fort. Saw but on man in it yet. Can see no guns in it. Think the fort faces southeast. Very few people to be seen in the city, and very little firing on skirmish line. Cannot see any more marks with the big glass than I could with my own.

BURTON.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain CASE:

There does not seem to be as many troops behind the works to the left of enemy's for on our extreme left. Cannot see as many shelters there as usual. It is remarkably quiet, and scarcely any one to be seen in the city; only an occasional artillery short heard on our right. The battle-flag that has bee flying from their first line is gone.

BURTON.

VINING'S, August 17, 1864.

Captain CASE:

Heavy column of dust one-half mile length, south 20 degrees, five miles from here, moving to the west.

BRENT,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864-1.45 p .m.

General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The communication of Colonel Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois, and indorsed by General Kimball, seems to have created a wrong impression. While the enemy have displayed much activity along his line to-day, and his troops have been seen getting into line apparently t change position, there are no more, if as many, troops visible to-day as yesterday. I have four good lookouts along the line of my front, and every moment of the enemy is closely watched and reported to me. I am carrying out the order of General Sherman transmitted through your headquarters, and have ordered Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, to open along the line during the p. m.

I am, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 17, 1864-2 p .m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

General Wood is very anxious that the order transferring Post's regiment to the Third Division and the Twenty-third Kentucky to the First Division should be issued at once, as he wants Post installed before the contemplated movement. Could you send the order this afternoon?

Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

