HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864-7.45 p. m.

General KIMBALL:

GENERAL: By instructions received from the headquarters of the department, the movements of this corps, indicated by instructions this morning for to-morrow evening at dark, are postponed until further and definite orders. It is desirable, however, that everything should be kept in as much readiness for movement as possible. To this end the supply and ordnance trains provided for in this morning's note will be kept loaded ready to move, and all surplus baggage will be sent to the corps train at Vining's Station. By General Sherman's order all the demonstrations of force and disposition to attack possible be paraded frequently and marched near the line of works from one part of the line to another. Reveille, without drums or bugles, will be at 3.30 to-morrow morning, and the regiments will all be paraded and the purpose of raising smoke must be kept up on the woods to the rear of our lines, giving the impression of increased force.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:]

GENERAL: Nothing new occurred on the front of the Fourteenth Corps to-day. One prisoner and one deserter received to-day. The troops in our front have been changed to prevent desertions. If I was supplied with the President's proclamation and General Orders, Numbers 64, War Department, 1863, I think I could induce the greater portio of the Georgia and Alabama troops to join us.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteer, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry:

I am directed by the general commanding to say that you will have one of your brigades ready to make a demonstration, without risking battle, on our left. You will also have the effective force of two brigades, under command of Colonel Long, ready to move to-night by moonlight, via Pace's Ferry and Sandtown bridge, to Sandtown.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

