HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he is in receipt of a report from Major-General Stanley of a movement on the part of the enemy on our left. He desires you to keep a strict lookout, and watch any movement that may be made by him, exercising great caution to prevent a stampede on the part of your command and prepared to resist any ordinary attack made on your lines. Should, however, the force sent against you be more than you could successfully cope with, your will be expected to withdraw your troops in good order. Please report any indications of a movement on the part of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 17, 1864-10.40 a. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

I think I will defer the grand movement for a day or so, and precede it by a cavalry movement on the Macon road between Rough and Ready and Jonesborough, I propose to give General Kilpatrick his whole division and two of General Garrard's brigades to move quietly down to Camp Creek, and then by a rapid movement strike and break thoroughly the Macon road, your infantry to co-operate and divert attention. We know that Wheeler is well to the north with a large part of the cavalry, and now is the time. I expect General Kilpatrick up. Any preparations for the infantry move will be all right, and we need only postpone the time of execution.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

At what time will Kilpatrick start? I propose to push out in the direction that Cox took the other day and threaten East Point. If Kilpatrick is to start to-morrow night, probably I had better push out some distance to-morrow, fortify and stay there, and then press East Point closely the next day. If he is to start in the morning I ought to press closely to-morrow. Please inform me whether this accords with your views.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 17, 1864-6.45 p. m.

General SCHOFIELD:

To-night two brigades of cavalry will march to Sandtown, and to-morrow night General Kilpatrick will start out with his own com-

