
mand and the two brigades for Fairburn, and then for Jonesborough, where I want him to make a most thorough break in the road. He will therefore not manifest himself to the enemy till the next morning. I want you to-morrow to act so as to give the impression that we propose to extend our lines. Your dispatch is just received. I see you anticipate my wishes, only, in addition, I want, in case the enemy do sally, to fight him on that flank, even if I have to bring General Thomas from the left. But if General Kilpatrick can, as I believe, in the absence of Wheeler, whip the cavalry that remains, all we have to do is to see that he is not interfered with by infantry. Therefore, to-morrow a mere development will do, but next day we must be ready to let go, and make toward Red Oak, if necessary, to help General Kilpatrick.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 17, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I send you the report of my operations of yesterday by one of my aides to make certain that you get it.* I am satisfied that with two of General Garrard's brigades and my own division I can break the Macon road effectually at any point the major-general commanding may be pleased to indicate. Such an opportunity to strike the enemy a terrible blow has never offered. If it is decided to make the attempt, I should with to see you and will visit your headquarters for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,August 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Prisoners captured by General Logan this morning report that the enemy sent all their reserves and all the men they could spare yesterday over to their extreme left.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 17, 1864.

General HOWARD:

I have telegraphed to Generals Thomas and Schofield the substance of your dispatch to the effect that prisoners report that the enemy's reserves were all moved to the left. I will probably postpone our grand movement for a day or so and send General Kilpatrick with all our cavalry on the Macon road, supported by General Schofield.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 531. Report forwarded by Schofield to Sherman.

---------------

