HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report nothing of interest to-day. I inclose herewith a report from Colonel Jones, commanding First Brigade. It seems that these truces have been practiced by other corps, which have given them some precedence; whether sanctioned by their commanding officer or not I am unable to say, and I have never had the general's views on the subject, but I think it unmilitary and have given orders positively forbidding it, and unless otherwise directed will severely punish any violation of the order. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Captain G. LOAFLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that last evening intercourse was carried on between a portion of the pickets of my command and the enemy's opposite to them; papers, &amp;c., were exchanged. Rufus Ready, Company F, Sixth Missouri Veteran Volunteers, went over to the enemy's rifle-pits for the purpose of making an exchange of some kind and was retained by them. I had no knowledge of the affair until this morning, when immediate measures were taken to keep the man in their proper places. It seems that the picket officer of this brigade permitted two men to meet a similar number midway between the enemy's line and our own for the purpose of exchanging papers. Afterwards advantage was taken of this precedent and meetings were had which ended in the retention of Ready by the enemy. Owing to the previous good service rendered by Captain Kendrick as brigade picket officer, I had deferred taking any active steps in the case, but think that I can assure you that nothing of the kind will occur again while I have the honor to command this brigade. Nothing further of note occurred on the line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. JONES,

Colonel, Commanding.

ALLATOONA, August 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Seven hundred recaptured cattle are at Allatoona on the way to the front.

J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

RESACA, August 17, 1864-7 a. m.

General SHERMAN:

I left Dalton at 4 o'clock this morning. Went by railroad within two miles and a half of that place; found nearly two miles of road badly

