
intrenchments on the Chattahoochee. Leggett's division moved down to Howell's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee; drove the enemy away on the opposite side of the river, where they were erecting rifle-pits; left a brigade there and four 24-pounder howitzers (brass), and then moved up the river toward the mouth of Nickajack Creek, and connected with Gresham. We have had some pretty lively skirmishing and a good deal of artillery firing. The enemy appear to have strong works north of the Chattahoochee, but if they remain where they are to-morrow I think we can punish them severely, as I am getting batteries into position to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Gordon's, on Turner's Ferry Road, Ga., July 5, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I send you herewith sketches* of the position of the Army of the Tennessee to-night. Early this forenoon Gresham's division, of Blair's command, charged and carried a line of rebel rifle-pits on the Turner's Ferry road, and then pressed forward until about 6 p.m. they gained a position on Nickajack Creek, within about 500 yards of rebel intrenchments on the Chattahoochee. Leggett's division moved down to Howell's Ferry across the Chattahoochee; drove the enemy away on the opposite side of the river, where they were erecting rifle-pits; left a brigade there and four 24-pounder howitzers (brass), and then moved up the river toward the mouth of Nickajack Creek, and connected with Gresham. We have has some pretty lively skirmishing and a good deal of artillery firing. The rebels appeared to have strong works north of the Chattahoochee, but if they remain where they are to-morrow I think we can punish them severely, as I am getting batteries in position to-night. You can move up as soon as practicable toward Widow Mitchell's. In the mean time I expect to receive orders from Major-General Sherman. Hooker's train is on the Sandtown road, at least a portion of it; where his troops are I do not know, as I have not seen or heard any firing to my left to-day.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, three miles from Railroad Bridge,

July 5, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General McPHERSON:

GENERAL: I have ordered Schofield over to this road, in rear of the center, preparatory to moving him over to about the mouth of Rottenwood or Roswell Factory according to reports I may receive from General Garrard. I was in hopes you would get control of the ridge commanding Turner's Ferry before the enemy could get across, but I think it is now too late unless you have gained the ridge described as lying along the Chattahoochee above the mouth of Nickajack. Do not

---------------

*See pp. 57, 58.

---------------

