
RESACA, August 17, 1864-4 p. m.
General SHERMAN:

I give below a copy of Wheeler's letter to General Steedman:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,August 16, 1864.

Major General GEORGE [JAMES] B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Communications, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Colonel Hawkins, commanding my scouts, having some months since entered into an agreement with General Granger, commanding the line of communications of the Army of the Cumberland, for the exchange of such prisoners as might be captured in the rear of the army, an as their compact was approved by the commanding officer of the Army of the Cumberland, and also by myself, i feel it my duty to return to you the prisoners which were captured in and around Dalton. I have heard such statements as to lead me to believe that you will approve of the course pursued by me, if you desire to lessen the horrors attending upon war, and that you will aid me in lessening the afflictions of those captured. I rely upon you to release such prisoners of my command as you may capture, or have heretofore captured, and direct them to rejoin me until the number equals that which I have returned of yours. I will keep an accurate account of the number returned to you, and also of those of my command which you may release. I have paroled these prisoners, and shall consider them exchanged as soon as you may commence sending my prisoners to me, or to our lines.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding.

RESACA, August 17, 1864-4.30 a. m.

General SHERMAN:

I move out to Spring Place. General Steedman moves from Dalton at 6 a. m. with 1,800 men and one section artillery.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 17, 1864.

General JOHN E. SMITH:

I have your dispatch of this morning. With your and Generals Steedman's, forces acting conjointly you can whip all of Wheeler's cavalry. Don't depend on artillery, but get to close quarters with the small-arms, and shoot rebel cavalry horses whenever you ate a chance.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RESACA, August 17, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have just returned from Spring Place, where I arrived at 1.30 p. m. Wheeler's command had left yesterday p. m. in direction of Cleveland. Sent scouts out to see if any portion had gone south or east. They report that none have taken those directions. They reported that they had 10,000 men. Citizens say the horses were generally in good condition, and that men said they were going to Tennessee. Cannonading

36 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

