
was heard in direction of Cleveland at 2.30 p. m. Commanding officers: Wheeler, Martin, Kelly, Robertson, Allen, Williams, Dibrell, and Colonel Hannon.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

RESACA, August 17, 1864.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry:

Have just returned from Spring Place with Watkins. Wheeler left there yesterday evening after the cavalry scout attacked their pickets, and has moved toward Cleveland. Heard cannonading in that direction this p. m. Will send Watkins to Fairmount to-morrow, as citizens report some of their cattle were they yesterday. General Croxton is at Kingston.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

CARTERSVILLE, August 17, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Major Briggs, in command of 250 men of the Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division, has returned, having gone give miles and a half beyond Jasper. He reports that Wheeler in person, with from 5,000 to 7,000 cavalry, and eight pieces of artillery, passed through Jasper twenty-tour hours in advance of him, leaving a strong rear guard of 800 to 1,200 in that lace, so that he was compelled to go around it. He, Wheeler, went toward dalton, saying that he intended holding the railroad fifteen days. From Jasper he moved his force in three columns toward Dalton, Tilton, and Calhoun. Major Briggs thinks no attempt was made to drive the cattle captured back across the Etowah, but that they went along with the main force of the enemy. The rebels gave out reports of rebel information following them. They also said they were going to East Tennessee to form a junction with forces from Lee, General McCook is out with Colonel Watkins' brigade.

J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

(In absence of General McCook.)

CARTERSVILLE, August 17, 1864.

General W. L. ELLIOTT:

The following is just received by telegram from Resaca, 17th:

Captain J. A. S. MITCHELL:

General McCook left here this morning for Spring Place. General Steedman thinks that enemy has gone to East Tennessee. The railroad is not threatened. Yesterday evening Wheeler was on the Federal road, going north in great numbers. There were no enemy at Spring Place.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Scouts are kept out in the direction of Fairmount, Jasper, and Canton from the portion of the Second Brigade here that had horses able for duty.

J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain and Inspector.

