
KINGSTON, GA., August 17, 1864-3 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

For the first time since Sunday morning we have telegraphic communication with Chattanooga. Wheeler has been on the line and has kept it down since that time between here and Dalton, and has destroyed the railroad-to what extent I am as yet not informed. He attacked Dalton, but was repulsed, and retreated toward Spring Place, pursued by Generals Steedman and John E. Smith, who will give him no rest. Matters at Atlanta as at last advices, except that the left is retired to prepare for flank movement in earnest in a few days.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain, &amp;c.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 226. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, Major-General Stanley, commanding Fourth Army Corps, will, early during the day to-morrow, dispose of his wagons as directed in paragraph I of the order referred to, sending those which he is to take on the march to the rear of the position he is directed to occupy, south of Proctor's Creek. At 8 p. m. he will withdraw his entire corps from the breast-works, except a picket-line, and mass it on advantageous ground, somewhere about the Meyer house, and cover the withdrawal of General Williams' corps.

The pickets of the Fourth Corps will withdrawal at 12 midnight, retiring by the left flank, and march to join their corps. After General Williams' corps has withdrawn, General Stanley will continue his march to the position indicated, south of Proctor's Creek, to near the Utoy. Brigadier-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, will send his wagons to the rear early in the day to-morrow, and at 12 midnight will withdraw from the breast-works, the pickets following immediately after the passage of those of the Fourth Corps.

He will move to the Chattahoochee River and take up the position indicated in the order from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi. The movements directed for the cavalry are so clearly defined in General Sherman's order, that no further instructions are considered necessary in this order.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864-10 a. m.

GENERAL: To carry out Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, Division of the Mississippi, division commanders will at once select a sufficient number of their best wagons to carry 100 rounds musket-cartridges per man; fifteen days' forage of six pounds per animal per day must also be carried in each of said wagons. In like manner they will select the best team from the supply train, and load them with sufficient rations to give, with the tree days' carried by the men, fifteen days' rations, commencing on the 20th. The ammunition wagons will move at noon to-morrow

