
to a position west of Proctor's Creek, and part in rear of General Sherman's headquarters. The supply train will move by the Marietta and Atlanta road from the railroad bridge, and part at the same place to-morrow (near General Sherman's headquarters).

All surplus wagon will be sent back to Vinning's Station to be parked by Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster. These can be moved back this p. m. and to-morrow a. m.

Headquarters wagons, ambulances, and all extra caissons and artillery wagons will be sent out of the way before sundown to-morrow. Men going on picket to-morrow will be prepared for the march. In executing the movement at dark to-morrow every precaution of secrecy will be observed.

Second. To enable the First Division to carry it subsistence General Newton's chief quartermaster will turn over to the quartermaster of the First Division ten wagons and teams of the average quality.

Third. All men, animals. and material not fit for active service will be left with the surplus wagons at Vining's Station. Details from the ordnance guard will be left with surplus ordnance train.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To division commanders.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., Numbers 85. August 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

IX. To-morrow General Cox will move forward toward the enemy's left, to the position reached by him in his reconnaissance on the 12th instant, and fortify so as substantially to extend our line parallel to that of the enemy's. General Hascall will throw forward his right into the works vacated by General Cox, and hold his two right brigades in readiness to support General Cox if necessary.

General Hascall and General Morgan will push forward their skirmishing, using artillery freely, and endeavor to gain possession of the valley in front of General Morgan's right and General Hascall's left. General activity will be kept up along the lines during the day.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE Numbers 101. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

In order to carry out the instructions contained in Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, Military Division of the Mississippi, the following movements and dispositions will be made:

1. Corps commanders will select from their trains their best wagons and teams, and cause them at once to be loaded with fifteen days' rations of bread, meat, sugar, coffee, and salt, 100 rounds of ammunition to the man, and forage equal, if it can be obtained, to half rations to the animals for fifteen days. Forage must be taken from the country to make up the deficiency. These trains will, except the ammunition, one wagon to each regiment and battery, cooking utensils, &amp;c., for the men, the

