
medical wagons and ambulances be parked to-morrow evening, the 18th instant, under the supervision of Colonel J. D. Bingham, chief quartermaster, at the point where the Turner's Ferry road crosses Proctor's Creek, and be prepared to move at a moment's notice on Friday morning, the 19th instant, in the direction indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, Military Division of the Mississippi. All the remaining trains and material and all the artillery, except two batteries to a division, will be sent across the Chattahoochee River, and within the old rebel works at the bridge, and as far down as Turner's Ferry if necessary. The batteries to be sent to the rear will be indicated by Major Osborn, chief of artillery, and will be subject to the orders during the absence of this army of the commanding officer of the troops guarding the depot of supplies, &amp;c.

2. Major-General Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will, unless otherwise ordered, at 8 o'clock on Friday evening, the 19th instant, withdraw his command, moving out on the Green's Ferry road, crossing Utoy Creek at Judge Wilson's, the proceeding by the most direct road toward Fairburn, marching the first day as far as Camp Creek.

3. Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will, at the same hour, unless otherwise directed, draw out his command by the road past Ezra Church, inside our old line of works, striking the Green's Ferry road near Wilson's, and following up the Fifteenth Army Corps.

4. Major-General Dodge, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will, as soon as the troops of Major-General Blair commence to draw out, fall back with his command to the position occupied by the Fifteenth Army Corps in the battle of July 28. When the rear of General Blair's column has passed, General Dodge will take up his line of march on a road to the north of the Green's Ferry road, striking that road near Wilson's, and following up the Seventeenth Army Corps. General Dodge's command will form the rear guard of the army.

5. Corps commanders will cause their engineer and staff officers to make themselves thoroughly acquainted with all the roads on which their commands are to march, and, wherever practicable, new roads will be made to facilitate the movement.

6. The necessary disposition of troops will be made during the day on Friday, the 19th instant, in order that the movement may be executed with dispatch and silently.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 79. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

V. Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters, in compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 101, extract

