
V, dated headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, August 17, 1864, is hereby assigned to command the Second Division, and will relieve Brigadier General J. A. J. Lightburn, who will, upon being relieved, assume command of the Second Brigade, Second Division.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 18, 1864-5.35 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The appointment of Colonel Long as brigadier has been made and will be forwarded to you my mail immediately. We have recent news from Mobile. Nothing new from General Grant. The enemy is concentrating on Sheridan in large force in the Shenandoah Valley.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., August 18, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Richmond papers of the 17th give it as the opinion military men that Atlanta can hold out one month yet. In the mean time, like Micawber, they expect something to turn up. If you can hold fast as you are now and prevent raids upon your rear you will destroy most of that army. I never would advise going backward even if your roads are cut so as to preclude the possibility of receiving supplies from the North, but would recommend the accumulation of ordnance stores and supplies while you can, and if it comes to the worst move south as you suggested. I have forced the enemy to move a large force north of the James River, and am now moving one corps by our left around Petersburg. I expect no great results, but will probably cut the Weldon road again, and will also demonstrate to the enemy that he has now the minimum garrison possible to hold his present lines with, and that to hold his roads he must re-enforce.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 18, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 12.30 p. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have been hammering away at Atlanta, and I was going to put a corps (intrenched) at the railroad bridge, and with the balance swing round by the south and east; but Hood has sent off his cavalry, which touched our road at two or three points, which are already repaired, and that cavalry has gone up into East Tennessee, leaving me now superior in cavalry, and I hope the opportunity thus given me will save me the risk and excessive labor of making a wide circuit in this hot weather. To-night General Kilpatrick will start for the Macon road with five brigades of cavalry, which can whip all the enemy's cavalry present, and to-morrow I will demonstrate along my whole line to give

