
sounded before 12 m. I offer these suggestions respectfully in view of the indications on my own line, without asserting them as applicable to the line of the whole corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864-8.30 p. m.

General NEWTON,

Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your report just received, that he approves of your suggestions in endeavoring to draw out the enemy's pickets in the morning, and he wishes you to adopt the plan you have mentioned. At daylight to-morrow a demonstration will be made with a brigade in front of General Kimball's left to draw off attention from General Kilpatrick's movements. The brigade will be pushed out toward the railroad, and will be kept well out all day. Two or three of General Wood's regiments will be also withdrawn to be moved over to the left this will weaken our lines very much; therefore, the general commanding directs that you keep a close watch for any movement the enemy may make during the day to take advantage of such movements on the part of Generals Wood's and Kimball's troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

In order to favor General Kilpatrick I am ordered to make a strong a demonstration as possible on the left at daylight to-morrow morning. I must draw on General Kimball for all the troops to do this, and I do not think I can safely carry out my plan with less than a brigade. In order to aid in guarding General Kimball's line, I wish you to send two regiments, or three if you think safe, to start at 3 o'clock in the morning, carrying three days' rations with them, to march by way of General Kimball's headquarters to the position of Opdycke's brigade, upon Kimball's left. At daylight make a demonstration by firing, similar to the orders practiced to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

It is supposed that the enemy opened his artillery upon us this morning to ascertain whether we had fallen back from our lines during

37 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

