
last night. He may do likewise in the morning. Therefore you had better have your pickets instructed to cease firing altogether toward morning, and do not reply to any fire from the enemy's artillery. Such action may cause the enemy to advance his skirmishers and give us an opportunity to capture some of them. These same directions have been sent to General Newton.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Reports during last night from the picket-line indicate a movement of the enemy toward our left. This morning, under orders from General Schofield, I pressed forward my skirmishers and found the enemy still in force in my front. A deserter reports the rebels preparing to evacuate Atlanta and take position near East Point. I inclose yesterday's report of casualties, &amp;c.* Eight deserters forwarded to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

General Kilpatrick reports that his command will make to-night for the direction of Jonesborough, on the Macon railroad. The general commanding directs that you endeavor to attract the attention of the enemy this evening and early to-morrow morning, with a view if possible to draw his cavalry toward our left and from the route to be taken by General Kilpatrick.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Atlanta, August 18, 1864.

Captain KENNEDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The patrol from Decatur has returned. They went into town, found no rebels there. None have been there since our reconnaissance on Monday except small scouting parties of eight or ten. Eleven or twelve were in town this morning. They captured two of our stragglers yesterday. Reported that they frequently capture men at Mrs. Seely's, on Peach Tree Creek, said woman being in concert with the rebels. No infantry been near there. Ferguson's command camped one mile and a half from Decatur, with pickets on Atlanta road, one mile

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

