
west of town. All the scouts in town have been of Ferguson's command. The Cross Keys patrol reports scouting parties through that country yesterday. Twenty-five at Cross Keys last night.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. O. MILLER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Division Cavalry:

I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication* of 10 a. m., and to say that our cavalry on our left is on Augusta railroad, near and east of Atlanta. Decatur is occupied alternately by scouts from both armies. Should you find it necessary to return by our left, the route by Flat Rock, Latimar's, and Decatur would probably be the best. You will have many officers of Garrard's division, who can give you more information about South River and its branches than I am able to get for you. The entire cavalry force on the left cannot be detached, but orders will be given to make a demonstration this evening and early to-morrow morning to engage the attention of the enemy's cavalry on our left draw him in that direction.

I am general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Statement of J. Milton Glass (scout).

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Went into Atlanta past our left flank on 13th instant; saw one brigade of Martin's division of cavalry between the cemetery and Decatur. Strahl's brigade, of Cheatham's division, holds the extreme right of the enemy's infantry line and is in position about one mile from the cemetery toward Decatur on the south side of the railroad. Says the militia commences on the left of Strahl's brigade. Lee's corps is on the left of the militia and Stewart on his left. Hardee is on the extreme left; Cleburne's division hold s the left flank and is in position, the left resting opposite Mims', five or six miles southwest of East Point. Says he rode along the liens from Atlanta to East Point on Monday; left East Point yesterday morning and went to Fairburn. Did not see or hear of any reserves along their lines; says their lines are very thin. The country between the enemy and Fairburn is open; nothing there but a few cavalry pickets and scouts. Saw large squads of negroes throwing up breast-works. General Toombs arrived there about one week ago with second in command of the militia, and that there were 30,000 of them, including the troops brought up some time ago by Generals Roddey and Lee. Was told also that these troops, the 30,000, were to be organized into two corps. Says this Camp of Direction is a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

