
sort of headquarters for guards and couriers. Says that Wheeler started from Covington with about 6,000 men, and that Lewis with about 800 Kentuckians crossed the Chattahoochee below Campbellton and passed our right flank. Thinks it was Lewis' brigade that cut the railroad at Acworth. Says the enemy was very anxious to learn from him what force was after Wheeler. Heard that Morgan was to form a junction with Wheeler some place near Cleveland in East Tennessee. Reports the Atlanta and West Point Railroad in running order. Trains passed through Fairburn yesterday morning for Atlanta. Reports the depot buildings and car sheds destroyed by Kilpatrick. Says that a large block of buildings near the corner of Marietta and Woodley streets was fired by our shells on Saturday night and destroyed. The buildings contained cotton and a large drug store; another building in same part of town was destroyed Sunday evening. Visited several camps; the men appear to have plenty of rations and forage from day to day, but there is no supply on hand; supplies are all brought from Macon. Says there are six strong forts at East Point all ready for artillery; none in them yet. On the evening of the 15th instant a train of fifteen cars loaded with infantry went down the Macon road; did not learn to what point; and on the 16th another train full of troops, about 1,000 men, went down same road. Says no train came up from Macon on 16th and that the cause of detention was not known at headquarters. Thinks Wheeler has all their mounted force off with him, except the brigade on their right near Decatur, and about two small brigades picketing and scouting between East Point and Fairburn.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

ED. C. DENIG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, August 18, 1864-2.40 a. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Major Edie, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, informs me through General Johnston that his pickets report the enemy passing for three hours (his dispatch dated at 10 p. m.) to our left. General Johnston in his indorsement says a copy has been sent to General Thomas. My telegraph operator failed to connect with yours, and I send this by courier for your information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 18, 1864. (Received 4.35 a. m.)

General SCHOFIELD:

Your dispatch received. Have you observed anything further during the night?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

