
do it well; to break as much of the Macon road as you possibly can, and, as you swing back, to rest on the West Point road somewhere below Fairburn, and make another big break there. If you find you are master of the situation on that road, take time enough and destroy as long a line of track as possible. Do the work thoroughly by heating and twisting the rails, and burning ties, &amp;c. In places where you have not time to work, you can still do great dame by prying up the track (rails and ties together), propping it up above the surface of the ground, piling in large quantities of dry fence rails and burning them. There is good reason to hope that you may be able to accomplish what the whole army would otherwise have to do, at great risk, by a long and difficult flank movement. Early to-morrow I will move with a corps of infantry toward the railroad near East Point, and engage the enemy so as to prevent his sending infantry to oppose you. General Sherman directs me to assure you that he will have the same done all along the line, especially on your extreme left, and he will see that Garrard occupies the attention of the enemy's cavalry about Decatur and Stone Mountain. The most abundant success attend you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 18, 1864.

General HOWARD:

Feel the enemy to your front, and ascertain if they occupy their positions in force or only as a blind. They contemplate something to-day.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Schofield.)

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 18, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

I ordered a demonstration last night, directing corps commanders to feel for the enemy. I have sent for them since receiving your dispatch, so as to secure concert of action.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 18, 1864-8.30 a. m.

General HOWARD:

The reason for feeling the lines this morning and to-day is that a Colonel Edie, commanding brigade of Fourteenth Corps, reports the enemy moving for three hours past his position toward our left.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

