
viously reported consisted of seven regiments of infantry. When last seen they were moving opposite the left of the Fifteenth Corps, going toward our left. There were a great many stragglers.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: At 4 p. m. this afternoon a strong demonstration will be made by your command, using artillery freely, for the purpose of developing the strength of the enemy in your front. Display freely the colors and make every threatening movement that you think proper to discover the strength of the enemy, and, if possible, draw him from his fortifications. Keep your command well in hand for any emergency.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Hazen and Harrow.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps, I made a demonstration with a view to develop the enemy's force at 4 p. m., while the artillery opened a lively fire on the rebel lines. At the appointed hour I pushed strong re-enforcements forward to the lines held by the reserve of our pickets. The pickets themselves advanced in converging lines toward and in neck of timber in my front held by the enemy's sharpshooters. My pickets advanced from 200 to 300 yards and dislodged the rebels from their first line of rifle-pits. The ground gained is now occupied by my troops, and will be intrenched in compliance with your orders received since.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that I assumed command of this division at about 1 p. m. to-day. At 4 p. m., in obedience to orders, a strong demonstration was made along the line of the division, eliciting a weak fire of artillery from positions to the right and left of my division, but none in its immediate front. None of the enemy were seen during the demonstration, but their shelters were seen in a few places and after-

