
ward a few men walking about on all points of the line. But a few muskets were fired in reply to ours. I have no reason for believing that any change has taken place in the positions of any of the enemy's troops in my front during the day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Second Division:

At 10 a. m. to-day open every gun on your line and continue to fire upon the enemy's line, also have the entire skirmish line open a heavy fire on the enemy. Should an opportunity offer, and the enemy leave their skirmish line, take advantage of it to occupy it.

Respectfully,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions received this morning my command opened with all batteries and the skirmish line opened a heavy fire on the enemy. We received only an occasional response, but the enemy could be seen in his main works in considerable force, especially when we first opened. Afterward they kept very low. The signal officer reports that the firing of batteries was excellent, doing considerable damage. More teams than usual have been noticed going in and out of town.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RESACA, August 18, 1864-9.35 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I go back to Cartersville this morning; came from Spring Place yesterday. The enemy left there the evening before, just after their pickets were driven in by my scouts, and have gone toward Cleveland. Citizens state they learned from deserters Wheeler designed passing from Cleveland, between Chattanooga and Bridgeport, into Alabama, and join Forrest there. Watkin's horses nearly used up. All able to march started for Fairmount. The Rome cavalry did not come over, and I have none except the small force at Cartersville, who came in from Jasper yesterday. Do you desire them to remain there or be sent to East Tennessee, to follow the enemy? Answer at Cartersville.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

