
CARTERSVILLE, August 18, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I just received this dispatch from Colonel Watkins:

CALHOUN, August 18.

Have just received positive information that there were three regiments of rebels at Jasper yesterday, and that they mounted toward Fairmount yesterday evening or last night.

I have ordered all my cavalry here (480) to be in readiness to move to-night, and unless you give other instructions will march to Fairmount and try to drive these fellows out of the country. Please answer.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 18, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK:

I would like to have a good force scour the country from Fairmount to Canton. I will give occupation to all the rebel army here, and I suppose that Wheeler is off on a wild-goose chase. Your force is not enough, but General Smith can make up a command of infantry, which, with your cavalry, could get on the road below Fairmount and give the rebel cavalry great trouble. They are doubtless left behind to watch for Wheeler's return. All roads should be obstructed about Talking Rock, or any by which Wheeler will attempt to return. I would like, if possible, those cattle to be recovered or prevented reaching Atlanta or Covington. General Smith can give you several infantry regiments, and they can march by moonlight and lay by in the heat of the day. These, with your small force of cavalry as scouts, can whip any cavalry left by Wheeler on the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

RESACA, August 18, 1864-12 m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I left the break at 9.20; delayed an hour and a half by engine getting off track. Trains can now run through to Chattanooga. An unnecessary delay of twelve hours has resulted from the withdrawal of the working party and guard sent from Dalton. The arrangements there have not been equal to the occasion. Thanks are due Captain Nevins, First Michigan Engineers, A. W. Mears, division master of repairs, and G. J. Spears, superintendent of bridge carpenters, and their men, for the energy they have displayed. I have no further news of the enemy.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 18, 1864-3 p. m.

Colonel RAUM,

Resaca:

Your dispatch received. Wheeler can do comparatively little harm in East Tennessee. Put the paroled men to duty. It is a well estab-

