
attempt it except it be certain of success or unless you know that some part of Johnston's army or material is not yet across. My information is that Hood's and Polk corps are across and that Hardee remains on this side occupying a line of intrenchments from the bridge down to Nickajack. I rather think that the enemy will preserve this order of things until we develop our game. Stoneman will continue to threaten the river between Nickajack and Sweet Water, and you may co-operate and again any substantial advantage you can, but be prepared to move wherever events may call. Hooker should be up nearer to Palmer. Howard's left is on the Chattahoochee about Pace's Ferry, where the enemy had a pontoon bridge, which is cut loose and is swung to their bank. I understand he has two pontoon bridges at the railroad bridge. That bridge is still good, and was being very actively used to-day in passing trains. We have the road to within about two miles of the bridge, including Vining's Station, where Johnston was last night.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., July 5, 1864-7 p.m.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Please inform me what the situation is after your operations this evening, and report what you think can be done to-morrow in case the enemy remain on this side the river. I will move down early in the morning and co-operate with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to state that he wishes you to throw a strong line of skirmishers forward and follow up the enemy, picking up stragglers.

GEO. E. FORD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division:

You will move with your command, following General Veatch's division, across Nickajack Creek and taking the Sandtown road. General Veatch follows the Fifteenth Corps, and it will probably be some little time before he moves.

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

