
ARTILLERY HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Before Atlanta, August 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRANAN,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The movement of the army which involves the sending to the rear the 4 1/2-inch siege guns having been temporarily suspended (of which fact Major-General Thomas has been advise), Major-General Sherman directs me to say that the fire of the three 4 1/2-inch guns on Geary's front will be resumed and will be continued at the same rate as heretofore as long as possible. Captain Baylor informs me that there are upward of 1,500 rounds of ammunition for these guns at Chattahoochee railroad bridge, depot.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

WM. F. BARRY.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 86. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 18, 1864.

* * * * * *

V. To-night General Johnson will withdraw from the trenches two brigades of each division of his corps, distributing the third brigade of each so as to occupy the division front. The troops withdrawn will remain out of the enemy's view until morning, when they will march to the right of the Twenty-third Corps, the head of column to reach Utoy Creek, near the Sandtown road, by 6 a. m. The tents should be left standing and every means adopted to keep the enemy in ignorance of the diminution of force. The troops will probably return to their present position to-morrow night or the next day. General Hascall will in like manner distribute one brigade so as to hold his present line and report to General Cox with his other two brigades, and act under his command during the day. All trains will be kept hitched up during the day and ready to move to the rear i case of danger. No wagons will accompany the troops beyond General Hascall's present works. Colonel Garrard, commanding cavalry division, will continue to operate on the right of the infantry. Further orders will be given in the morning.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 19, 1864-10.45 a. m.

General GRANT,

City Point:

I have your two dispatches of 14th and 16th, also that of 18th. I will never take a step backward, and have no fears of Hood. I can whip him outside of his trenches, and think in time I can compel him to come out. I think at this moment I have a fine cavalry force on the only road which can feed him, and if necessary will swing my whole army across it also.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

