HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,August 19, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Signal officer at Howard's house reports saw column smoke south of Atlanta, distant about eight or ten miles. General Stanley reports having advanced a strong line of skirmishers in his front, and drove the enemy's skirmishers into their main works, but found them too strong to attempt assault. He has kept them fully occupied. He will to-morrow morning move the rifle-pits as far as the railroad, and then throw out a strong brigade beyond the railroad to see if he can find their flank, and drive it in. Our cavalry has kept that of the enemy fully occupied from daylight this morning, taking a few prisoners between Decatur and Atlanta.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 19, 1864-2 p. m.

Captain CASE:

I fell satisfied there are but few rebels in the works in this front. Have not seen fifty all day. Can see four or five guns (6-inch). See no movements of any description. The enemy have not fired a shot in reply to our artillery. Can see no smoke or dust in the direction of Macon yet.

Very respectfully,

A. F. BERRY,

Signal Officer.

HOWARD'S HOUSE, August 19, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain CASE:

Saw a large column of smoke south of Atlanta about eight or ten miles distant. Our troops advanced this p. m. at 5 o'clock, and after a brisk skirmish retired. We lost only few men. Don't know the number. Could see but very few in enemy's lines.

BERRY.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I moved Kirby's brigade to the railroad at daybreak and sent strong reconnoitering parties toward Atlanta and south toward the battle-ground of the Seventeenth Corps. About one division of the enemy was seen going into the rebel works opposite our lines and the flank works running south of Atlanta. We drove the enemy out of his works, which he appears to man quite as strongly as heretofore.

The regiments are now intrenching or improving the intrenchments at the angle near the railroad to give the idea of permanent extension of our line. General Grose on his front also made a vigorous advance and his skirmishers engaged the rebel main line. No rebels will leave that part of the works. I will make additional movements this even-

