HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864-9.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Our demonstrations in favor of Kilpatrick will continue to-morrow. This is in accordance with instructions received from department headquarters. At daybreak to-morrow you will station two regiments of Opdycke's brigade and one regiment of Taylor's brigade in the works about the "burnt brick house," and also so as to cover the ravine between your present left and said house. You will also at the same time move a brigade toward the enemy's right flank and execute the movement in such a manner as to lead him to think you are hunting for it (the flank). Move toward the position where the right flank of the enemy appeared to be to-day, not down the railroad, though you will have to send pickets in that direction and make as large a show of force as possible. General Wood has been directed to send two regiments to report to you at daylight to-morrow. They will report at the same place that the two regiments reported this morning.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General NEWTON,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will keep up the demonstration that you have been making to-day in favor of General Kilpatrick during to-morrow. Do this by engaging the enemy's skirmishers. Do not advance your troops unless the situation of the enemy in your front will allow you to do so with comparative safety.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

Our demonstration in favor of Kilpatrick will continue during to-morrow. You will therefore send two regiments to the same point that you sent the two this morning on General Kimball's left. Start them from their camp at 3 o'clock in the morning. Engage the enemy's skirmishers through the day, and keep up the same show and activity that you have exhibited to-day; also, watch closely for any movements that the enemy may make.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

