HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 5, 1864-8p.m.

Brigadier-General LEGGETT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Gresham succeeded in throwing skirmishers across the Nickajack this afternoon, and is ordered to attack the enemy's works to-morrow morning early. He will have to form his command under the fire of the fort after crossing the creek. The major-general commanding therefore desires you at daylight to-morrow morning to open vigorously from every gun you have upon the enemy's works to divert their attention from General Gresham's movements. Any other diversion you can make will be to the advantage of the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,July 5, 1864.

Captain DAYTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have to report for the information of the major-general commanding that my command is camped on the Willeyo Creek near Roswell Factory. My advance is at the Factory. I will destroy all buildings. The bridge at this point over the river is burnt by the rebels. The ford is passable; so reported by citizens. I sent a regiment to the paper-mills, burnt the paper-mills, flouring-mills, and machine-shops. The citizens report the banks of the river high at Powers' Ferry and batteries in position on south bank. They had a pontoon bridge at Pace's Ferry, a few miles below, where a portion of their army crossed. There is a road running from Roswell Factory down the river below the paper-mills, and near the mills and above passes on the bank of river. As fast as possible I will send information of the roads, fords, ferries, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SANDTOWN FERRY, GA., July 5, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: I think, or at least hope, that during the past six or seven days we have accomplished all that was expected of us; if not, it has not been from [lack of] efforts to do so. We have worked day and night and covered a good deal of country. I was detained on the 1st by representations from General McCook to the effect that a few days before a large cavalry force had been in Villa Rica, and the correctness of which I was forced to ascertain by sending out strong scouting parties, and also to see where the force had gone to. I found that the force had been a good deal magnified, and that it had gone either south of the Chattahoochee River or across the Sweet Water near its mouth, where there is a good ford and the only one on the creek. As soon as we got to the

