
are in a position where you will most likely receive the first news of his approach. You will therefore keep a sharp lookout; keep scouting parties well out on all the roads east and southeast, and guard well against a surprise, and be sure you have timely notice of his approach, and upon the first certain notice of his approach send couriers both to me at this place and to General Van Cleve at Murfreesborough. Put your command in the best order for active operations. Collect in all stragglers and keep your men well in hand. Get everything ready for falling back on short notice, and be prepared to move what Government stores you can, and what you cannot move be prepared to destroy. When you are certain that Wheeler is approaching you will fall back to this place. If you should find that impossible you will fall back on Murfreesborough. In either case keep your force, with the exception of a small advance guard, between the enemy and your transportation. Inform the Union citizens that there is danger, that they may be prepared to act as they think best for their safety. Be sure you are not alarmed by guerrillas alone to evacuate the place without cause. Be vigilant, brave, and calm, and there will be no danger of being gobbled. Wheeler may turn his attention toward Knoxville and not come this way. It would be well to give out to the inhabitants that you are to make a stand and hold the place till relieved.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I have concluded to send Major Waters, of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, to take command at McMinnville, and the above instructions to Captain Cain will be carried out by Major Waters.

R. H. MILLROY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Brigadier General R. W. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Schofield desires you to withdraw four brigades from your line to-morrow morning (as you did this morning) for to-morrow's operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Considerable artillery firing was heard from our right this morning, commencing at daylight and lasting about two hours. It first appeared to be near Fairburn, and moved continually toward Jonesborough. The enemy is very quiet in our front this morning and shows no change. Our skirmishers have advanced some distance, and Cox is about to move forward with four brigades.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

