HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 19, 1864-9 a. m.

General JOHN E. SMITH,Cartersville:

If you send to Canton notify the people that if our road is let alone we will feed ourselves, but if it be interrupted we will of necessity strip the country and destroy all things within reach.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH TENNESSEE INFANTRY, Kingston, Tenn., August 19, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain H. C. CONNELLY,Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

CAPTAIN: Yours per courier received. Reports just in from scout below Post Oak say the rebels are crossing Tennessee River at Brady's Ferry, about twenty-five miles below this place, variously estimated from 2,000 to 5,000. Reports from south side of Tennessee say two regiments were crossing at the same place, this about 11 a. m. Cannot find out which direction they are moving. My scouts nearly form a connected line from Cumberland Mountain to Sweet Water Valley. I am confident that they cannot surprise us. The three pieces of artillery here have each 100 rounds of grape-shot and shell. The steamers on which they belong speak of running up to Loudon if the rebels attack us here, and will take off the pieces with them, for the captains say that they had orders from General Thomas to not run without them aboard. The ammunition sent from Loudon is received. Will fix up receipts, &amp;c., as soon as possible.

The men are all anxious to have the rebels try us, and I have the utmost confidence in them. I am inclined to this that the intention of the rebels is to make a raid through Middle Tennessee and cut communication off from Nashville, though I may be wrong, but will try to be ready for them when they come. If we are attacked you shall know it at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. REEVES,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

CARTERSVILLE, August 19, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Colonel Cooper started to Fairmount at 4 o'clock yesterday; reports rebel force gone. A few scattering ones at Jasper.

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 19, 1864-9 p. m. (Received 2.40 a. m. 20th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Situation at front not materially changed since my last. Kilpatrick is to-day raiding the Macon railroad with an infantry support, and has besides his own division two brigades of Garrard's, under Long. General Sherman expects much from the movement. Railroad hence to Atlanta all right again, and Wheeler is now in East Tennessee above

