
the Hiwassee, no doubt on the same route he went over last year, and will be next heard from on the Nashville railroad in vicinity of Wartrace or Duck River bridge. He has not less than 5,000 men and ten guns. Two wires to Kingston, and business will be more promptly forwarded if rebels don't keep both cut, as has been the case for the last three or four days. Awful hot.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., In the Numbers 58. Field, near Atlanta, August 19, 1864.

I. Brigadier General R. W. Johnson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as chief of cavalry of the Military Division of the Mississippi. HE will take post at headquarters, Nashville, Tenn.

II. General Johnson, as chief of cavalry, will have charge of all remounts, care of horses that are issued to the cavalry by the quartermaster's department or by the purchasing officers of the Cavalry bureau, will direct their issue and determine the order in which horses shall be issued, giving preference always to the best cavalry troops dismounted, or to such as take best care of their horses.

III. He will from time to time make inspection of the different cavalry commands; will make his reports to the head of the Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C., and to these headquarters, and may call for reports of all men, horses, equipments, arms, &amp;c., pertaining to that branch of service in his command.

* * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 3. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Colonel Horace Capron, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio. The brigade will be composed of the following regiments: Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, Eighth Michigan Cavalry Volunteers, Fifth Indiana Cavalry Volunteers, Sixth Indiana Cavalry Volunteers. Colonel Capron will at once proceed to organize the brigade to make it as effective as possible. Regimental commanders will make their reports to Colonel Capron, as required by existing orders and regulations.

By command of Israel Garrard, colonel, commanding division:

T. F. ALLEN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 81. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

I. Division commanders will, at 12 m. to-day, make such a demonstration as to induce the enemy to believe we are going to assault their works.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

