
operations up the Alabama are of equal assistance to me. I would not take Mobile City, for that would simply tie up a garrison, whereas now General Dabney Maury holds it with a Confederate garrison which is lost to our opponents. A single gun-boats can watch Fort Morgan, two more the river at and near Mobile, and, if I am not in error, General Gordon Granger's troops could go up the old Spanish channel by Blakely and reach Selma, and it may be Montgomery, which would compel Hood to detach as against him, for a large portion of the Confederate supplies come through the reach of the Atlanta River between Selma and Montgomery.

I beg you will submit these views to the lieutenant-general commanding, and I will be perfectly satisfied if the troops hitherto subject to my orders can be directed to the accomplishment of these ends.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 20, 1864-7 p.m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Kilpatrick is out yet, and I infer has broken the Macon road, because three trains of cars left Atlanta and returned, backing the trains. Our infantry to-day was on the West Point road at Red Oak, five miles below East Point. General Lightburn was struck in the head last evening by a sharpshooter, very much as General Dodge, but will get well. We have kept up brisk skirmishing all day. Our road is now repaired and in good order. Wheeler is above the Hiwassee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 20, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Sixteen hundred and seventy-five men, recruits returning from furlough, convalescents, have been sent to the front within the last ten days. Surgeons are busy at the different hospitals here, at Louisville, Jeffersonville, and other places, weeding out those fit for duty. Every exertion is being made to forward all who arrive here. No new troops have reported.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 20,1 864-9.15 a. m.

General THOMAS:

I leave in a short time for General Howard's headquarters, and then over to General Schofield's right. I would like to have before starting or by the time I reach General Schofield's any news of General Stanley's

