
operations or of General Garrard's if heard from. Large fires were reported last night below Atlanta, but almost too near for General Kilpatrick.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 20, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,At Schofield's:

General Stanley reports that the brigade started out on his left, drove back the enemy's skirmishers one mile, and found the right of his infantry line, took 8 prisoners form Strahl's brigade, who report that Ferguson's brigade of cavalry left their right at daylight yesterday morning, and that they have now only two new regiments of Georgia cavalry on their right. From Garrard's report of last evening I think Ferguson's brigade must be after or watching his brigade in the vicinity of Decatur. The signal officer at the Howard house reported t 7 a. m. to-day that he saw's a larger force of the enemy in the works opposite General Stanley's left this morning than he had observed there yesterday or the day before. I hope Stanley's demonstration may have the effect of causing the enemy to concentrate on the Decatur road and thereby relieve pressure on our right and draw off any troops that he may think of sending against Kilpatrick.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 20, 1864-7 p. m.

General THOMAS:

I have been to General Schofield's. General Jeff. Davis reached the West Point road and tore up a section to prevent infantry going out to bother General Kilpatrick on his return. The signal officer at General Howard's reports three trains of cars that went out of Atlanta returned, backing into the station, so I infer they could not go ahead. Nothing from General Kilpatrick. An officer was up from Sandtown bridge saying he had 600 men there, and all was quiet. I hope General Kilpatrick has reached the road and has made a good job.

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, August 20, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I forwarded Stanley's report of operations since 3 a. m. about 1 o'clock to-day. He has kept the enemy fully occupied sever since yesterday noon; so has Garrard's brigade. We have made three captures of rebel scouts, and from papers found on one of them I infer Hood is exceedingly anxious to know where our left flank is and its strength.

