
north of Red Oak, destroying about 200 yards of it, and returned. General Morgan captured about 20 prisoners. More of the railroad would have been destroyed, but the command was ordered in by General Schofield. Morgan marched about twenty miles to-day.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, August 20, 1864.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from division headquarters, my command moved early this morning to the right and in rear of trenches lately occupied by Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps. About 8.30 a. m. I received orders to make a reconnaissance with my own and the Third Brigade toward Red Oak Station, on Atlanta and West Point Railroad. When within two miles and a half of the station, on the Newman road, the First Brigade was left to cover certain roads leading in the direction of East Point, while the Third Brigade moved toward Red Oak, striking the Atlanta and West Point Railroad half a mile east of that station, cutting the telegraph wire and tearing up portion of the railroad track. From here the troops moved by the most direct route back to camp. The heavy rains made the creeks almost impassable, and some delay occurred in crossing Camp Creek on my return. The troops met with no resistance until reaching the railroad, where I found a small force of the enemy's cavalry. Distance marched during the day, full twenty miles. Prisoners captured by both brigades, some 12 or 14. Full reports have not received. Casualties, none.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

NEW YORK, August 2-, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

Are the assignments made for the Fourth, Fourteenth, and Twentieth Corps? Do I get either?

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, August 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the return of the brigade sent to Decatur. Little information was gained. The pickets, &amp;c., were driven in yesterday and this morning, but the rebels could not be persuaded to follow us back and fight. The roads were patrolled beyond Decatur several miles. The impression is that Wheeler has left considerable of his force in and about Lawrenceville, and hat the railroad at Covington is about being repaired. An Irishman just from there

