
says the timbers for the bridge over the Ulcofauhachee are on the ground and the bridge about being rebuilt. The brigade camped near Decatur last night and returned this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Sandtown, Ga., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, commanding Firs Brigade, Third Cavalry Division, has just returned to this place with his command. Lieutenant-Colonel Klein was detachment from Brigadier-General Kilpatrick's command on the night of the 18th instant with about 300 men, and proceeding toward the Atlanta and Macon Railroad he stuck that road at Fayette at noon of the 19th instant. At this place he destroyed one-quarter of a mile of track and captured a train 8 cars, which he destroyed, together with the locomotive. Another train arriving from the north with an infantry force, and being also attacked by cavalry, he was compelled to leave the railroad. Being unable to rejoin General Kilpatrick, in the direction of Atlanta, he returned to this place with the loss of 2 men.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. T. PATRICK,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifth Iowa Cav. Commanding Detachment Third Cav. Div.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA, Decatur, August 20, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,Nashville:

The cavalry is all in at this point. Colonel Prosser returned to-day from his exsection to Moulton. He was attacked last night by the enemy under Paterson, 500 or 600 strong. He killed 15 of them; number of wounded unknown. Our loss is 1 man slightly wounded; we had several horses killed and wounded. Colonel Prosser brought in a number of prisoners. Please let me know where Wheeler's force was when last heard from.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS, August 20, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

I have started Cox and Davis to continue operations on the extreme right, and will probably remain in camp until you arrive unless something serious occurs on the field. I am trying to get my cavalry in shape, which I find difficult enough. I will have six regiments dismounted. Is there any chance of getting horses at Nashville?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

