
number and have a couple thousand prisoners, some taken in fair fight and some gathered up straggling behind. He can no longer look into our camps as he did from Kenesaw. Try and pick up as many of his scouts as you can, and gather in as prisoners every citizen of whom you entertain a suspicion. Schofield will move over to our left, up the Chattahoochee about Roswell or below it. Write often. My headquarters are on the main road about three miles back from the railroad bridge.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR GORDON'S, ON TURNER'S FERRY ROAD,

July 5, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General STONEMAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

The enemy are still reported in force in the works we were firing at yesterday. I inclose herewith a letter from General Sherman, which will give you his idea of matters.* Schofield goes over to the "left," and you are to go to-morrow on the right and continue to threaten the river. I am having Nickajack thoroughly examined to see if I cannot find some point or points where a crossing can be effected and a good position secured. You will continue to move your cavalry so as best to cover the country and threaten the river. I will send one division of Dodge's command to Howell's Ferry and one to the intersection of Howell's Ferry and Sandtown road. I will endeavor to keep you advised of any important movement along my front.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Ruff's Station, Ga., July 5, 1864.

Colonel N. GLEASON,

Commanding, Marietta:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you endeavor to preserve public and private property in Marietta as nearly as possible in the state in which you found it, and prevent plundering and pillaging. You will arrest all deserters and stragglers from all the armies and forward those belonging to the Army of the Cumberland to these headquarters by squads of from thirty to fifty. Those belonging to the Armies of the Tennessee and the Ohio you will send to the headquarters of their respective armies as opportunity offers. You will permit no officer to take quarters in Marietta, except by order of Major-General Sherman, and the topographical engineers of the Army of the Cumberland who have been sent there to establish a lithographic press for making maps. You will permit all Union people desiring to go north for the purpose of remaining there to do so, and order transportation for themselves, families, and baggage. You will arrest all resident rebels and report their names to these headquarters. You will seize all cotton belonging to the rebel Government, or which has been abandoned, and turn it over to the quartermaster's department for shipment north, taking receipts for the same, which receipts you will for-

---------------

*See p. 56.

---------------

