
DALTON, August 20, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

We arrived here this evening, having thoroughly scouted the country from Graysville, through Parker's Gap eastward on the old Alabama road, to within twelve miles of Cleveland, thence across to Red Clay and to Varnell's Station, thence via Tunnel Hill to Dalton. There are no rebels, even in small parties, within that range, and none to be heard of nearer than East Tennessee. The rebel cavalry that cut the road at Graysville was a Kentucky brigade, under General Williams, numbering about 900 men, which came through Parker's Gap and McDaniel's Gap, and went back the same way. The last of these left the old Alabama road at Blackburn's, eight miles from Parker's Gap, near which they fed on Wednesday at 3 p. m., and took the road to Red Clay, but turned off toward Cleveland. Some of the soldiers told the people they were going to Kentucky. The rebels fed their horses on green corn, with what hay and sheaf they could pick up. They also said they were to meet General Vaughn at Charleston, on the Hiwassee River.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 20, 1864-9 p .m. (Received 11.10 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

No movement of the army to-day. No news of cavalry expedition south of Atlanta, but the fact that railroad trains than took out troops to meet in backed up to Atlanta again indicates success. Large fires seen last night south of Atlanta. Wheeler not heard from since last advice. Railroad and telegraph from here to Knoxville still broken, and scouts bring rumors that Wheeler will attack Loudon before crossing mountains.

J. C. VAN BUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 88. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 20, 1864.

I. To-day General Cox will continue his demonstration upon the enemy's left, using his own division and two brigades of General Hascall's. He will occupy the Newman road to Diggs' during the day. General Johnson will send two brigades to reconnoiter and threaten the railroad about Red Oak. Colonel Garrard's cavalry will operate in conjunction with this force.

* * * *

III. The major-general commanding is pained to find it necessary again to call the attention of the officers and men of this command to the disgraceful practice of marauding and plundering which, in spite of past orders, is still prevalent in the command. All officers and soldiers are strictly forbidden to pass beyond to skirmish line, expect by order of a division commander. When foraging parties are sent out they must be sufficiently strong to protect themselves and always in charge of a trustworthy commissioned officer two will be held to a rigid responsibility for the good conduct of the party. Any soldier found entering the house of a citizen without permission, or taking the property of citizens, or committing any outrage whatever, will be punished with the

