
severest penalty of the law. The attention of all commanding officers of cavalry, as well as infantry, is called to this order. It must be enforced and obeyed.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 20, 1864.

The following officers are announced as members of the staff and staff corps on duty at these headquarters. They will be respected and obeyed accordingly: Catp. A. Hickenlooper, Fifth Ohio Battery, action assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant William Henley, Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

[ROWLAND COX,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 21, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 8 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

General Howard and I have talked over the affairs of the Department of the Tennessee, and admit the wisdom of General Canby exercising command of the all troops on the Mississippi. To preserve organizations already existing without materially diminishing the military force on the Mississippi, we ask that certain fragments of regiments and brigades, no exceeding in the aggregate 2,500 men, be allowed to come to their organization here. Also, if possible, that a division of the Seventeenth Corps, originally designated as part of General McPherson's column, but detained up Red River, be also allowed to come by any route deemed advisable by General Washburn. To accomplish these results General Howard sends to-day a staff officer to Louisville to confer with you by telegraph, and then to go to Memphis and accomplish whatever you may conclude. Be assured that General Howard and I both cheerfully concede anything that will produce good results. I think it would be well not to change the limits of departments, but to have all troops now belonging to the Department of the Tennessee still make returns to General Howard, but be subject to the military orders of General Canby, to whom they could make reports of effective force that would satisfy his purposes. All well. Expect to hear of General Kilpatrick every hour. Nothing further of Wheeler.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, August 21, 1864.

General THOMAS:

General Steedman reports some of Wheeler's men last night near Charleston, but says they have moved toward Maryville. I think you had better hurry forward all the cavalry you can from Nashville and

