HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Prisoners captured by General Cox last evening report that Kilpatrick struck the railroad at Jonesborough the morning after he started. Very distant artillery firing was heard in the direction of Macon from our extreme right last evening. I have learned nothing further indicative of Kilpatrick's movements. Cox is making a demonstration on the right to aid him in his return. The enemy is using his artillery quite in front of the Fourteenth Corps this morning.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,Major-General.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS, August 21, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

How far out did Cox go to-day? did he observe anything different from usual. Have you heard anything from Kilpatrick?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS, August 21, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

I have no report yet from Cox, and have heard nothing of Kilpatrick. I doubt if he can get across Camp Creek since the rain.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Camp, August 21, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Ohio:

SIR: In addition to the dispatch sent you yesterday I have the honor to report that during the movement on my right General Reilly pushed forward his brigade to the advanced point occupied by him the day before, and Colonel Casement connected by swinging forward his line of skirmishers. They enemy made a dash with some force, about 2 p. m., to get in between Reilly and Stiles, but were unsuccessful, and retired after a brisk skirmish. The line of vedettes became broken necessarily by the movement, and I have reason to believe that my aide, Mr. Coughlan, was captured. He had been to General Reilly with orders and started to return to me, passing in rear of the skirmish line, and has not since been heard of. The probability is that, not being aware that any portion of the chain of vedettes had left their position, he passed through the gap about the time of the demonstration by the enemy at that point and was surrounded before he was aware of it. If there is any proper means of doing so I should like very much to make inquiry of the enemy whether he was wounded. The gap in the skirmish line was closed as soon as Colonel Stiles became aware of it, and it could not have existed long. Citizens on the Newman road report that the rebels do not expect to keep open the West Point road, and, making a

