
merit of necessity, profess to have made arrangements to abandon it. They report General Kilpatrick's cavalry in the vicinity of Jonesborough night before last. Very distant cannonade was heard yesterday afternoon in a southerly direction. Your orders as to the demonstration to-day will be carried out by Reilly's brigade and part of Stiles'. The order in regard to foraging is substantially the same as one I had issued for my own command. I regard General

Morgan did not arrest the plunderers he saw, as I should like to know whether they belonged to this division and to what regiments.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, In the Field, August 21, 1864-5 a. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that he desires you to continue to make a show of a demonstration to-day until we hear from General Kilpatrick. He does not wish you to use much force nor to go very far, merely enough to compel the enemy to occupy his works in force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS, August 21,m 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

A train of eleven freight-cars, one baggage, and one passenger-car, all empty except the passenger-car, which had a few person in it. has just left Atlanta.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACH., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 21, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to state that there has been very little of interest transpired to-day. The rebel lines appear to be unchanged. At 5 p. m. a train of cars, four freight and one passenger, with a few passengers, arrived in Atlanta-freight-cars empty. At 6 p. m. a train of freight-cars, empty, left Atlanta. I shall comply hereafter with your order.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.

