
VI. The following regiments, viz, the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, the Eighth Michigan Cavalry, the Fifth and Sixth Indiana Cavalry, having lost on the late raid under Major-General Stoneman a large portion of their arms and horses, and it being impossible to rearm and equip them as cavalry for several weeks, it is hereby ordered that they be temporarily armed and equipped as infantry. The commanding officers of the above-named regiments will without delay turn over to the proper ordnance officer such cavalry arms, accounterments, equipments, and ammunition as there may be left in their respective commands, and will draw from the same officer and arm their men with Springfield rifled muskets and accouterments. The turning over of the above-named ordnance stores will be preceded by an inspection for the purpose of determining their actual condition. The necessary receipts and invoices will be given.
By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Near East Point, Ga., August 21, 1864.

Having been appointed chief of cavalry for the Military Division of the Mississippi, I relinquish the command of the Fourteenth Corps to Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, a true and tried soldier. Let your past conduct be a guide for your future, and history will be bright with the record of your brilliant and honorable services. To every officer and enlisted man in this command my thanks are due for the zeal and devotion to duty manifested by them under all circumstances.

By command of Brigadier General R. W. Johnson:

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 22, 1864-10 p. m. (Received 11 p .m. 23d.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Kilpatrick is back. He had pretty hard fighting with a division of infantry and three brigades of cavalry. He broke the cavalry into disorder and captured a battery, which he destroyed, except one gun, which he brought in in addition to all his own. He also brought in 3 captured flags and 70 prisoners. He had possession of a large part of Ross' brigade, but could not encumber himself with them. He destroyed 3 miles of the road about Jonesborough, and broke pieces for about 10 miles more, enough to disable the road for ten days. I expect I will have to swing across to that road in force to make the matter certain. General Kilpatrick destroyed 2 locomotives and trains. It has been very quiet with us here. Wheeler is about Athens, Tenn., and General Steedman will move out against him from Chattanooga.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

