
Chattahoochee any place above there. It might be hard for his force to procure subsistence over these routes, but no more difficult than over the route he has already marched, where everything has already been consumed. Talking Rock is another important point, and scouting parties sent there and to Pine Log Post-Office continually will give notice of any attempt on the road south of the Coosawattee. I am satisfied that the recent attacks on the road south of the Etowah have been encouraged and assisted by citizens. If some terrible lesson is not taught them now our line of communications will suffer through the whole campaign. If they learn that when they destroy our railroad we will destroy their houses I think they will be willing to quite. The experiment is worth trying at any rate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

RESACA, GA., August 22, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

The enemy is reported in heavy force at Holly Creek Mill, ten miles east of Tilton. They arrived there after 4 this p. m. I suppose it is part of Wheeler's force returning. I am yet unable to estimate the number.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

RESACA, GA., August 22, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy was in heavy force at 4 this p. m. at Holly Creek Mill, ten miles east of Tilton. It may be that Wheeler is returning and that a large part of his force is at Spring Place. I have notified Tilton, Dalton, and Tunnel Hill.

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 22, 1864-10.15 p.m.

General G. B. RAUM,Resaca:

General Steedman reported this forenoon that Wheeler was north of Hiwassee River and could not ford it. Please telegraph to General Steedman such information as you are able to get, and also keep us advised promptly as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

RESACA, August 22, 1864-11.20 p .m.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have just received your dispatch, also one from Colonel Laiboldt, Dalton, stating that scouts coming in to-night report bodies of rebel cavalry moving down the Westfield pike toward Ellijay. If may be that the force reported at Holly Creek are there for the purpose of covering

