
the return of Wheeler's whole force. General J. E. Smith sent a brigade of infantry to Dalton to-night. I have advised General Steadman, and the commands at Tunnel Hill, Dalton, Calhoun, Adairsville, Kingston, and General Smith at Cartersville.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CHATTANOOGA, August 22, 1864. (Received 5.40 p. m.)

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH:

Send me five regiments to Chattanooga instead of Dalton as soon as you can procure transportation. Exercise your own judgment where to take them from.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

CARTERSVILLE, August 22, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I have two of Vandever's regiments here, which, with the Fifth and Tenth Iowa Infantry at Kingston, I have in readiness to send to Dalton as soon as transportation arrives. Do you wish me to uncover Etowah and Allatoona by sending up a brigade in addition? General Sherman instructs me not to uncover these points.

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, August 22, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Wheeler is now between the Hiwassee and Little Tennessee Rivers, both too high to ford. I think I can force him back through the mountains toward North Carolina by concentrating force at Charleston, and moving on him from that place. I have force enough and can concentrate them in time. I await your orders; concentrating at Dalton as you directed.

Respectfully,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 22, 1864-12 m.

General STEEDMAN:

I have your dispatch to-day relative to attacking Wheeler. I am at General Thomas' now, and he will see and approve this dispatch. If you have force sufficient send word to Loudon and Knoxville, by the west bank and most rapid way, stating the time and manner of your movement; then concentrate your command at Charleston; send a detachment rapidly up to Columbus to intrench there and picket the river fords. With the balance of your command move rapidly toward Tellico, and there turn on Wheeler, trying to break up his command into fragments, and capture his wagons, artillery, plunder, and all you can. If another plan suggests itself to you I don't hold you to mine, but

