HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Near East Point, August 23, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Miner, commanding Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, reports some force of rebel infantry moving off to his right about a mile from here. I have ordered a reconnaissance from Third Brigade to determine what the movement may be.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Atlanta, August 23, 1864-9.15 a. m.

General HOWARD:

I think the rebels have repaired the Macon road. How soon can you be ready to execute the former plan of swinging our whole army by the right across by Fayetteville or Jonesborough?*

W. T. SHERMAN,Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACH, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Atlanta, Ga., August 23, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of to-day: First Lieutenant C. H. Fish, of this detachment, took his position on lookout station at 7 a. m. At 7.30 a. m. two engines, with some cars, passed into Atlanta. The fog prevented the counting of the cars or seeing what was on them. At 9.15 a. m. an engine with one box-car left town. At 2 p. m. an engine with two box-cars left town; no men to be seen on them. At 3 p. m. the engine and car that left at 9.15 a. m. returned, closely followed by the other engine. No men to be seen on them. At 6 p. m. a train of seventeen freight and one passenger cars left Atlanta. Nothing aboard but a few men. The enemy are tearing down old barracks and using the lumber for shelters along their line of works. First Lieutenant J. H. Weirrick, of this detachment, reports the rebels busy extending and completing their skirmish pits. Enemy's main lines unchanged as far as I can see them from my position at De Gress' battery and other points along the line. The enemy are still working slowly on their new forts and rifle-pits in front of the Twentieth Corps.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.

RESACA, August 23, 1864-8 a. m.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Cannot send an infantry force toward Holly Creek without uncovering the bridge. What a squadron of cavalry can do to ascertain the

---------------

*Answer not found.

---------------

