HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Chattanooga, August 23, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Sherman:

A party of Wheeler's raiders were seen to the southeast of Charleston last night. They are moving toward Maryville, Tenn.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

DALTON, August 23, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I sent out one company yesterday morning eastward to Holly Creek, beyond Spring Place, and another through Ship's Gap to Summerville via Broomtown Valley; the last will not return till to-night. The first company returned last evening, and report a body of 500 rebel cavalry lying on the Westfield turnpike at the foot of the Cohutta Mountain, about twenty miles from here on the road to Ellijay. They are apparently holding that gap for the protection of couriers or other communications between Wheeler and Atlanta. They came there on Sunday from the direction of Columbia, having been sent to learn the old Federal road in the neighborhood of Cohutta Springs on Saturday evening, and to proceed in the direction of Ellijay. This body has two companies guarding the ford of Hold's Creek. I do not think they intend to harass the railroad but merely to hold that gap.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH, Chattanooga, August 23, 1864.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,Calhoun, Ga.:

Send all your mounted force effective for a march by way of Spring Place and Cohutta Springs toward Savannah, on the Hiwassee River. Colonel Palmer sends a detachment from Dalton by way of Spring Place to Columbus; try to communicate with him. He reports 500 rebel cavalry at the foot of Cohutta Mountain on Westfield road, evidently keeping open communication between Wheeler and Atlanta. Try to break up the line and move on same route to the Hiwassee and co-operate with Colonel Palmer.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

ROME, August 23, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My cavalry has returned. It accomplished nothing. They report Clanton at Guntersville, with means of crossing the river. Wheeler was expected back that way after cutting the railroads beyond Chattanooga. My two regiments sent to General Smith have not returned. I am informed they have gone to Chattanooga.

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General.

