HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tenn., August 23, `864.

Captain A. P. GALLAGHER,Co. C. 4th Indiana Cav., Commanding Detach. 1st Cav. Div.:

The general commanding directs that you proceed to-morrow morning with your company and the detachments from other regiments of the First Cavalry Division to Dalton, Ga. You will on arriving there report by telegraph to Brigadier General E. M. McCook, commanding First Division Cavalry, at Cartersville, Ga., and await instructions from him respecting your future movements. Two days' forage will be carried upon your horses and three days' rations in haversacks by your men. Your command will be fully armed and equipped and have forty rounds of ammunition per man. Two extra horseshoes and nails will also be carried by each man. You will, on the march, keep your command well closed up, and allow no straggling or pillaging. On camping at night post pickets to guard the approaches to your camp, and while on the march and in camp be vigilant against surprise. You will reach Dalton at the end of the second day you an obtain forage and rations for your command from the post commander during your stay there.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JACOBS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 23, 1864-9 a. m. (Received 2.10 p .m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Kilpatrick has returned, having destroyed a few miles of the Macon road, and fought Ross' cavalry, capturing a battery and 3 stand of colors. Wheeler has thrown part of his command to north bank of the Tennessee, and yesterday captured men, mules, and wagons within ten miles of here. I think Steedman is too late with his movement, and ten Wheeler will strike Nashville road. Too much rain.

J. C. VAN DUZER,

Captain,&amp;c., U. S. Military Telegraph.

CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 23, 1864-10 p .m. (Received 11.40 p. m.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Nothing from Wheeler or the front at Atlanta to-day. Flank movement to our right and the rear of Atlanta will begin day after to-morrow, if no unexpected delay.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 59. In the Field, near Atlanta, August 23, 1864.

In order to carry out the provisions of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, and the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury relative to trade and intercourse with States and parts of States in insurrection,

