HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga., July 5, 1864.

Colonel GREEN B. RAUM,

Resaca, Ga.:

General Vandever, at Rome, informs me that on Friday fifty of Wheeler's scouts left Cedartown, destined to the railroad near Calhoun or Resaca, expecting to form a junction with Hart's cavalry (Sixth Georgia). He states that this force is prepared with torpedoes to blow up trains. He also states that Pillow is to act in concert with an additional force.

CARL. L. WHITE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Kingston, Ga., July 5, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM VANDEVER,

Commanding at Rome, Ga..

GENERAL: For your information I would respectfully state that on the 2nd instant the cavalry command of Colonel Lowe, then guarding the railroad and Etowah River, were relieved by my division from Tilton, Ga., to this place, and from Caldwell's Ford to Murchison's Ford, placing at Tilton the Seventeenth Iowa Infantry, Colonel C. R. Wever commanding; Resaca, Tenth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Colonel F. C. Deimiling, also Second Brigade headquarters, Colonel Green B. Raum commanding; Calhoun, one-half Fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel John P. Hall commanding, and at Adairsville one-half Fifty-sixth Illinois, Captain-commanding. The river at and between the points mentioned above is strongly guarded by the Fifth Iowa and Ninety-third Illinois, under command of Colonel Jabez Banbury, commanding Third Brigade. As my present force is composed entirely of infantry, which will not enable me to patrol the country as I should desire to do, rendering my line liable to attack without warning, I should be obliged for all information in regard to the movements of the enemy that may come to your knowledge.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

ON CHATTAHOOCHEE, July 6, 1864-7 p.m.

(Received 7th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just received Secretary Stanton's dispatch, and do not understand how Semmes and crew were allowed to leave the sinking Alabama in an English yacht. I would have preferred the President had not proclaimed martial law in Kentucky, but simply allowed the military commanders to arrest and banish all malcontents, while the honest and industrious stay-at homes were encouraged by the increase of security. Johnston made two breaks in the railroad, one above Marietta and one near Vining's Station. The former is already done, and Johnston's army has already heard the sound of our locomotives. The telegraph is done to Vining's, and the field wire is just at my bivouac, and will

5 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

