
were postponed until further orders, in accordance with instructions from department headquarters, received August 17, p. m., will commence just after dark to-morrow evening. During to-day and to-morrow morning you will send all of your surplus men, horses, wagons - ammunition and baggage wagons, &amp;c.- and material not absolutely necessary for the success of the expedition, to Vining's Station, on the other side of the Chattahoochee River, and you will send a small force to the same place to guard such. Let every preparations for this movement be completed by to-morrow noon. Place a good and reliable division officer of the day, or commander of your division pickets, on duty to-morrow. A staff officer will be sent to you to point out the route of march for your division, and further instructions will be given in reference to the time and manner of withdrawing your pickets.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of staff.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

(Received 3.20 p. m.)

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS, Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to send you the following copy of a dispatch just received from Major-General Sherman, with instructions that is requirements may be at once complied with:

CHATTAHOOCHEE BRIDGE, August 24, 1864.

General THOMAS:

You had better order down the pioneers and working parties with Lieutenant Ludlow, engineer department, and prepare the bridge-head before the troops come down; the two small redoubts here on this side are inefficient and of little account. It may be the troops will not have time to cover themselves and the bridge before Hood may strike them, as his first impression may and will be that our whole army is retiring.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACH., TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS, Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at least three houses, two frame and one brick, were destroyed by the fire in Atlanta this afternoon. Our shells burst in the city to right and left of brick stack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. HOPKINS,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

[AUGUST 24, 1864.- For Miller to Kennedy, reporting operations on railroad between Decatur and Stone Mountain, see Part II, p. 851.]

