
At 12 m. I received information from General O. O. Howard that it was currently reported that the rebel were evacuating Atlanta. I therefore proceeded to the lookout station and examined entirely the enemy's lines, but could see nothing to justify the report. A large fire appeared in Atlanta that I could tell but very little about. The smoke appeared like that of burning grain. I then proceeded to Captain De Gress' battery; while there I discovered considerable movements along the rebel line. They appeared to be fixing up their equipments; most of them moved back to a camp or new line in rear of the one in sight. At 5 p. m. I returned to the lookout on tree and discovered a few men leaving the rifle-pits in front of Twentieth Corps with their equipments; they appeared to be militia. At 6 p. m. I saw four old citizens, well dressed, come out on the big work in front of town. They appeared to be agitated and excited. It is evident from their motion and downcast appearance that there is some move about to take place. Two more large fires occurred, one in the evening and the other at about dark; appeared to be large buildings of some kind. From my observations this afternoon I am satisfied that the enemy are about to make a grand move of some sort. The rebels fired their big gun three times, once before dark and twice after. Very few pieces of artillery in sight.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.

RESACA, August 24, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

I have positive information that on the 17th instant the cattle captured near Calhoun were within fifteen miles of Athens, Ga., under escort of two regiments of mounted infantry. They passed up through Ellijay. I think troops left at Fairmount to cover the removal of cattle near Holly Creek have withdrawn.

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding.

CLEVELAND, TENN., August 24, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

The 300 rebels, telegraphed you about by Colonel Palmer yesterday, as reported by citizens in Holly Creek, are only thirty bushwhackers and citizens. Captain Woody, Murray County Home Guards, was wounded in a skirmish with them near Westfield late the night of 22d. One hundred mounted men said to be at Ellijay; none nearer. On Friday thirty-eight of Wheeler's men passed down Federal road across to Ellijay with dispatch; none have been seen since.

CHAS. B. LAMBORN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

42 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT V

