
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 233. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.
* * * * *

XV. Brevet Brigadier-General Colgrove is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Near East Point, Ga., August 24, 1864.

Having been assigned to that duty by order of the President of the United States, expressed in General Orders, Numbers 241, War Department, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, I hereby assumed command of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

The following officers are announced as a part of the corps staff: Captain A. C. McClurg, assistant adjutant-general, chief of staff; Captain T. W. Morrison, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Captain John F. Squier, Seventy-fourth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Thomas J. Carney, Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel A. von Schrader, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain J. E. Remington, U. S. Volunteer, chief quartermaster; Major Charles Houghtaling, First Illinois Artillery, chief of artillery; Major John B. Lee, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, provost-marshal; Captain Jesse Fulmer, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters; Captain A. S. Cole., chief signal officer; Captain W. H. Collins, One hundred and fourth Illinois Volunteers, chief of ambulances.

By command of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

The division of this corps will be held in readiness to move to-morrow night, the 25th, at such hour as may be hereafter designated.

The First Division, with Colonel Harrison's brigade, of the Third Division, to move to the Chattahoochee River at the railroad bridge; the Second Division to the river at Pace's Ferry; the Second and Third Brigades of the Third Division to the river at Turner's Ferry. Positions will be taken at each of these crossings for their protection. At daybreak to-morrow morning each division commander will send all of his pioneers, with one regiment from each of his brigades, to the position he is to occupy, for the purpose of constructing intrenchments and abatis. General Ward and General Geary will each send a competent staff officer to locate their lines. Lieutenant Ludlow, engineer, will superintend the erection of the works at the railroad crossing. Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, will assign one battery to each General Ward's and General Geary's divisions, to march with them, and dur-

