
ing the day to-morrow will select positions at the railroad crossing for the other four batteries, which will march with the First Division. The ordnance and regimental trains of the First and Third Divisions will start early to-morrow, and be parked on this side of the river at the crossings they are respectively to hold. The trains of the Second Division will march simultaneously with the division, taking an interior road. The caissons of the batteries will accompany the ordnance trains of the division to which the battery is assigned. All trains must be out of the way, so that when the troops commence the march they will have a clear road. Further instructions will be given regarding the withdrawal of the picket-line.

By command of Brigadier-General Williams:

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTER DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 108. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Special Field Orders, Numbers 101, August 17, from these headquarters, and Special Field Orders, Numbers 58, Military Division of the Mississippi, will be carried into effect as follows:

1. All the trains will be loaded to-day as therein indicated, and be ready to move, under the direction of the chief quartermaster, to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock.

2. All wagons, artillery, &amp;c., to go to the rear as specified in said order, will be sent to-day.

3. Major-General Blair and General Ransom will to-morrow evening move their commands into the new works. The hour of moving will be made known hereafter.

4. The line of march will be as indicated, Major-General Logan, moving out first with his command, and Major-General Blair on a separate road, followed by the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, under command of Brigadier-General Ransom. The time of moving will be given.

5. All other provisions of Special Field Orders, Numbers 101, will be observed as far as practicable.

* * * * *

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 48. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as aides-de-camp on the staff of the general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain George S. Doane, Eleventh Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers; Lieutenant J. D. Tredway, Twenty-third Regiment Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

