
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 70. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In addition to the orders from military division and department headquarters forwarded to division commanders for their information and guidance, they are instructed to be ready to withdraw their commands into the new works to-morrow morning at a moment's notice, the movement to commence from the right of each division of the same time, each division taking the most direct road in rear of the old works to its new position.

Second. The ammunition and regimental wagons and ambulances will be ready to move at 9 a. m. to a point, to be designated by each division commander, in rear of the new works.

Third. The skirmishers of the Second Division will be withdrawn to the new line heretofore designated as soon after the division moves as the division commander may deem prudent. Care will be taken to notify and connect with the skirmishers of the Fourth Division, the left of whose line will retire to conform with the new line of the Second Division.

Fourth. The Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry will picket Proctor's Creek, connecting the left of the skirmish line of the Second Division, reporting direct to these headquarters.

Fifth. The second move will be made in the following order, viz: First. Trains of both divisions, in the same order of march as the divisions, each accompanied by a detail from the pioneer corps, following in the rear of the Seventeenth Army Corps, and, if practicable, on an interior road hereafter to be designated. Second. Fourth Division. Third. Second Division. The Ninth Illinois will receive further instructions at the time this move is to be made.

Sixth. The command will be supplied with three days' rations in haversacks from the morning of the 26th instant.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

SOLDIERS: It becomes necessary for me to relinquish my command for a short time. No one can regret this more than I do. Upon leaving you I cannot refrain from extending to you my heartfelt thanks for the efficient and brave manner in which you have supported me throughout this campaign. Whether on the battle-field, in the trenches, or on the march, you have given that earnest, zealous, and efficient attention to your duties that always insures success.

From Chattanooga to Atlanta, through a campaign unparalleled in its severity and its successes, you have done your full share; your comrades are buried on every field, and while we deeply mourn their loss we have the satisfaction of knowing that they fell nobly doing their duty. I leave you in the hands of able and tried commanders; give them the same cheerful support you have always given me, and there will be no fears of the result. I shall watch your course with the same interest; your victories will be mine. May God bless and protect you.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

