
the rebel forces do not cross the Tennessee and attack the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad. They can only do so upon flat-boats, which can be prevented by watchfulness. Moreover the gun-boat will soon be down the river.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 25, 1864.

General W. T. SHERMAN:

Arrived yesterday. Second Michigan mounted and ready for the front; Ninth Pennsylvania mounted and leaving for front by rail. Will mount 300 men per day, beginning to-morrow. Could mount two regiments by taking horses from Government wagons, ambulances, and dismounting clerks and other fancy persons. Recommend that an order by issued requiring mules only to be used in teams. The finest horses in this city are in Government wagons. Shall Second Michigan be sent by land or rail?

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 25, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: From what I have been told by General Brannan, I fear there is some difference in the manner in which we interpret Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi. General Brannan informs me that in conversation with you you told him that you were going to swing back your left to-night. As General Stanley is required to move his corps to-night from our extreme left to behind the right center of the Army of the Tennessee, I would respectfully suggest that you should not withdraw your left from its present position until General Stanley has taken up his, as indicated in the first move of Orders, Numbers 57. General Stanley's movement will undoubtedly occupy him during the greater portion of this night, and should you swing back your left until after his corps has passed, you expose him to an attack in flank, for the consequences of which I cannot be held responsible.

Yours, very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 25, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department and Army of the Cumberland:

I do not intend to move till Friday night. I merely ordered a refusal of my left to Ezra Church, for as soon as Williams is withdrawn I am

