
obliged to do it, as I cannot extend my line to hold the line of Proctor's Creek. I will, however, hold that line - Proctor's Creek - till an hour before daylight to-morrow night if possible with my picket-line. I had intended to have ordered an earlier refusal of line but have postponed on reception of your note. Surely Stanley will be past my left by that time.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

How about the Fourteenth Corps? When I withdraw at dark Friday will it be withdrawn in conjunction?
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACH., FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 25, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I leave the honor to submit the following as my report of the day. Lieutenant Fish, of this detachment, took his position on lookout station at 7.30 p. m. and reports the following:

At 10.05 a. m. a train of thirteen box and one passenger cars arrived in Atlanta. The doors were shut; could not tell if loaded or not; a few men in passenger-cars. At 5 p. m. a train of fifteen box-cars arrived in Atlanta with between 150 to 200 men on board. They appeared to have other freight besides the men. At 5.35 p. m. a train of three passenger, one baggage, and seven box cars arrived in town. Baggage-car well filled with what appeared to be trunks, and quite a number of passengers. At 6 p. m. a train of eighteen box-cars loaded quite heavy with men and freight left town. At 6.20 p. m. a train of four cattle-cars loaded with men and freight left town, also one box-car with two engines in front; the hind engine had no fire in.

Lieutenant Weirick, of this detachment, reports:

Everything of the rebel lines in front of the Fifteenth Corps unchanged. From my own observation the rebel forts and lines as far as I can see appear unchanged. Very little sign of an evacuation. The men on the cars appeared unarmed, probably convalescents. The train of five cars and two engines were well filled with men sitting on top of some kind of freight. One of the engines appeared to be disabled. A fatigue party of forty men and an officer on horseback came from the rebel left and moved to their right a little before dark. The men had picks, shovels, and axes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant, Chief Acting Signal Officer.

CHARLESTON, August 25, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Wheeler reported over the Little Tennessee and crossing the Holston. Will know positively to-day.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

