
NASHVILLE, TENN., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala.:

The forces at McMinnville report that a brigade of rebel cavalry staid at Polk's place last night. If that be true, they are after the Chattanooga road. Colonel Spalding has been ordered to move his two regiments to Decherd in the morning.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Northern Alabama, Decatur, Ala.:

General Carter telegraphs that Wheeler has crossed the river above Knoxville and will be upon us. All our cavalry should be ready to move at any moment. Clanton and Roddey, I think, will cross and act in concert with Wheeler. The menace of Decatur was no doubt a sham. A large portion of the cavalry must be moved to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, to points to be indicated hereafter. If practicable, the rebel flat-boats you referred to should be destroyed, but not to interfere with the disposition above indicated.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 25, 1864.

General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

The enemy crossed the Holston, two miles below Strawberry Plains, yesterday and last night. He is apparently moving toward Big Creek Gap. Our cavalry, numbering seventy, had a skirmish with the enemy and was worsted. We have no cavalry here and cannot purpose to advantage. The force of the enemy is probably 4,000, with four or nine pieces of artillery. Did not attack garrison at Plains, and did but little damage to railroad. All quiet here.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

LOUDON, August 25, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The gun-boat Stone River, with six guns of Tenth Indiana Battery, is now here, laying at Huff's Ferry. Will leave for Chattanooga in about an hour. If you have any news for General Steedman telegraph and I will send it down. Captain Naylor, an old friend of yours, is in command of the boat. All quiet on river below.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

