
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., August 25, 1864-9 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Washington:

Armies finally in motion. Headquarters Army of the Cumberland struck camp at 9 a. m. this day, and my front office is now at Chattahoochee, near the railroad bridge, where Stanley, with the Fourth corps, is intrenched. General Steedman telegraphs from Charleston, Tenn., that Wheeler has crossed the Little Tennessee, and is crossing Holston, going to Middle Tennessee or Kentucky, probably the former, to destroy railroads.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 234. On Lick Skillet Road, GA., August 25, 1864.

I. Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, having been assigned to the command of the Fourteenth Army Corps, according to his brevet rank, vice Major-General Palmer, relieved at his own request, will be relieved in command of the Second Division, Fourteenth Corps, by Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 25, 1864-10 a. m.

Order of the day for Fourth Army Corps, August 25, 1864:

The movement of this command from its present lines will commence at night-fall this evening. Colonel Opdycke will withdraw his brigade first, and he will move it promptly by the best road to General Newton's headquarters, where he will rejoin his division. Next, Brigadier-General Kimball will withdraw his division, commencing on the left, and he will march to the present corps headquarters. As soon as General Kimball passed the left of Brigadier-General Wood's division he, General Wood, will withdraw his division and follow him. General Newton will in turn withdraw by his left as soon as General Wood's division has passed the same. General Newton's division and the artillery will move on the "outside" road, which passes in the rear of department headquarters. Captain Steele, aide-de-camp, will guide this column. All of the columns will march right in front. Brigade commanders will assemble their battalion commanders and enjoin secrecy upon them in this movement, and instruct them to see that all commands are given in an ordinary tone of voice. They will also instruct their captains to prevent talking in the ranks and by the pickets. The pickets of General Kimball's division and Colonel Opdycke's brigade will move back into the main woks promptly at 11 o'clock this p. m. As soon as they arrive in the main works the whole line will move to the right, commencing on the left, and they will keep the road near the breast-works, and be ready to repulse any sudden attack that may be made. The picket officers of the day will meet the General Kimball's headquarters at 4 o'clock this afternoon for consultation. They must have a perfect understanding as to where to find each other to-night, and General Newton's picket officer will notify the picket officer of General Geary's division, Twentieth Corps, where to meet him and where he can be found

