
NEAR EAST POINT, GA., August 26, 1864-6.45 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have moved the Twentieth Corps to the Chattahoochee bridge, where it is intrenched, and with the balance of the army am moving for Jonesborough on the Macon road. Last night we made the first move without trouble; to-night I make the second, and the third will place the army massed near Fairburn. If Hood attacks he must come out, which is all we ask. All well thus far.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Utoy Creek, Ga., August 26, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report the following operations of this corps to-day: At daylight this morning my command was in position, two divisions on the other side of Proctor's Creek (Generals Newton's and Wood's), on the ridges about one-quarter of a mile therefrom, and my other division (General Kimball's) on the hill on this side of the creek, the same hill formerly fortified by General Davis. Soon after my troops had taken these positions the enemy's skirmishers opposed and engaged them. A lively skirmish was then kept up until about 10 a. m., when our pickets at the creek were withdrawn. The enemy did not appear disposed to attack us, and, therefore, in accordance with instructions, I commenced to withdraw my troops at about 9 a. m., and marched them to Utoy Creek, where I arrived at 4 p. m. The First Division is in reserve a short distance back from the creek, and the Second and Third Divisions are in line of battle facing the creek, and are on the ridges about a quarter of a mile from it, General Newton's division on the right of the Sandtown road, and General Wood's on the left.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Utoy Creek, Ga., August 26, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

First Division:

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a dispatch just received from department headquarters:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp on Campbellton Road, August 26, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that to-morrow morning you march your corps by the road running nearly due south from the Widow Kennedy's to Mount Gilead Church, on or near the eastern branch of Camp Creek, and take up a position at that place. Be prepared to move out at 8 o'clock, and a guide will be sent to conduct you to the place mentioned.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

