HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the Twentieth Corps crossed the Nickajack this afternoon and two divisions of the established on a line indicated by your instructions of to-day. No news. My headquarters are in rear of the center of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. M. McCOOK,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

You will proceed with your command to Powers' Ferry and hold that position, communicating with General Garrard, who it is reported is at or near Howell's Factory (of linen map Numbers 3). Your supplies will be drawn from Marietta.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,July 6, 1864.

Lieutenant D. F. HOW, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders received, and also with verbal directions from Major-General Sherman, I proceeded to this point (Hargrove's house), divided my force, sending one detachment to Powers' Ferry, and marching with the other to the mouth of Soap Creek, about six miles distant, where there is also a ferry and a bad ford, said by citizens to be almost impracticable. Artillery was opened from the other side of the river on my men at both points, one gun at the upper and two at the lower ferry, without any effect, however, except killing 3 horses. I found a bridge across Soap Creek, three-quarters of a mile from its mouth, burned; the bridge at Roswell Factory has also been burned. The distance between here and there is twelve miles. There is no difficulty in communicating with General Garrard, as there are no rebels on this side of the Chattahoochee. I find this country full of ravine and bridges, tolerably open and well watered, but there is neither grass, wheat, nor other forage on which to subsist stock. The little that was in the vicinity has been exhausted by Wheeler's force, who has been encamped here, until yesterday morning, for the last five days. I will furnish you with a map of the roads, &amp;c., some time to-morrow. None of the enemy's trains had passed this way; they all crossed on bridges below. I forgot to mention that at Powers' Ferry is a small boat and a wire stretched across. I can get my artillery in position within 500 yards of their battery. This ferry is well watched and guarded. I have pickets also at mouth of Soap Creek and at Johnson's Ferry, a mile and a half above that point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

