
In accordance with the above you will make every preparation to move at 8 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864.

[Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: My lookouts report seeing, about half an hour since, rebel troops moving. The troops seemed to be about two miles distant to the left of my brigade, toward Atlanta. The column was about twenty minutes in motion, since which all has been quiet; probably a brigade. The direction they were taking it was difficult to determine, on account of the trees and the haziness of the atmosphere. The lookout thought their directions was to our left, their right, though not certain. No apparent changes in my front.

Respectfully,

GEO. P. ESTE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this corps is in position as ordered at Pace's, Montgomery's, and Turner's Ferries. The withdrawal was effected last night without molestation from the enemy. Scouts that I have sent out to-day report the enemy's scouting parties at Howell's Mill and in the vicinity of the old headquarters of the Department of the Cumberland, but no force. Our positions have been strengthened so as to be safe. The bridge at Turner's Ferry is complete. General Slocum has arrived and will assume command of the corps to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Pace's Ferry, Ga., August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Geary directs me to state to you, for the information of the general commanding corps, that this division reached Pace's Ferry about daylight this morning and was placed in position on chain of hills east of the Chattahoochee River, the left resting near the river, about 500 yards above the bridge at the ferry, the right resting near the river, about two miles by course of works below the

