
bridge. Our pickets that were left in front of Atlanta last night rejoined the division here, two hours after daylight, having come the entire route unmolested. About noon slight skirmishing commenced between our pickers and the enemy's cavalry, who are devolved in rather heavy force in our present front. A portion of their cavalry (dismounted charged on our picket-line and were instantly driven back, with a loss of 3 captured. Slight picket-firing continued during the afternoon. General Geary directs me to say that the series of hills on which our line is formed make a naturally strong line of defense, but that the number of troops in this division is not sufficient to hold the position against a very heavy attack by infantry. Defensive works are rapidly being completed throughout the entire line, which is about two miles and a half in length. Much of the timber has already been slashed, as abatis, and that work will be steadily pushed to completion. The general is busy along the lines and has no opportunity to address you over his own signature.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. FORBES,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864.

Colonel MINTY,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that scouts sent from these headquarters toward Roswell Factory report a force of the enemy's cavalry, 400 strong, on this side of the river at Roswell, located there (as the citizens say) for the purpose of making demonstrations on our trains. The general desires that you make such disposition of your troops (those that are to remain up the river from here) as will prevent the enemy from molesting in any way the wagon trains now posted on the north side of the river in this vicinity. He has directed his escort to picket for to-night the road along the railroad and the one which passes by signal hill. All other roads and approaches between the latter and the river he wishes you to place guards and vedettes on. Please answer.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the time for the commencement of the movement to-night by 8 o'clock. He also directs that your pickets and skirmishers be not withdrawn until the rear of the column is well under motion. A staff officer (Lieutenant-Colonel Strong) will superintend their withdrawal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

