
entire effective force of your command to Decherd Station, Tenn., by the most direct route; the men will carry four days' rations in haversacks. You will take a sufficient number of teams to carry 100 rounds of ammunition per man. You will relieve your pickets immediately. Two efficient officers will be left in charge of camp of each regiment.

By order of Colonel George Spalding:

HERVEY A. COLVIN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Resaca, Ga., August 26, 1864.

Captain S. M. BUDLONG,

Actg. Ass. Adjt. General, Third Division, Fifteenth Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have directed Colonel Hall to survey a route for a road as near as possible along the railroad between Calhoun and Adairsville, crossing the Oothkaloga Cree railroad bridges. If this route proves practicable I propose opening a wagon road, and throwing two bridges across that creek, and then obstruct all fords on the creek east of the railroad. I have also directed him to erect a stockade for the accommodation of forty men at a point half way between the two block-houses, to which point roads converge from the country.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GREEN B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel M. L. PATTERSON,

Loudon:

The enemy came down the Emory road or Beaver Creek road inquiring for Lee's and Black's fords below Clinton. A portion of them are on the road from Ball Play to Campbell's Station, encamped. Yesterday they tried to burn the bridge at Strawberry Plains but failed, as the garrison there of 150 men, with two pieces of artillery, drove them away without any loss on our side, but some of them. If they attempt the bridge at Loudon you can keep them away be sending infantry to this side into the two works by railroad, near end of bridge (one already occupied by Fourth Tennessee), and some at this end of bridge. Do not send out too far on this side, except scouts. You may expect assistance soon. You can whip them easily of they do not improve very much. If the gun-boat helps Major Reeves, Kingston will be safe with moderate fighting and tolerable management. Their whole force is evidently on this side, and they do not intend to fight much if they can avoid it. Our estimate of their numbers is right. You know what we thought. They certainly intend to cross to Middle Tennessee or Kentucky. You can whip them easily. They tried to apply torches to the bridge at Strawberry Plains, but the guns on this side were in the way. You can do as well with your guns. Shut the cut as before in railroad and man the fort opposite. The two forts on this side, with a few skirmishers in front to observe and afterward fall back into the works and to the end of the bridge on this side, will make the defense good, probably the best.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

