
KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 26, 1864.

Major SMITH,

Strawberry Plains:

We have certain information that the whole force of the enemy has crossed the Clinch River at Lee's Ferry. The last brigade crossed this a. m. Send this information to Gillem with all the dispatch possible.

It is supposed the enemy are making for Middle Tennessee.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 24. Nashville, Tenn., August 26, 1864.

Pursuant to assignment by the Secretary of War, Colonel Langdon c. Easton, quartermaster, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as chief quartermaster of the Military Division of the Mississippi. He will be respected accordingly.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Before Atlanta, August 26, 1864.

The following will be the movement of the Fourteenth Army Corps during the night of the 26th of August:

General Carlin will withdraw his division from its present position simultaneously with the withdrawal of the Army of the Tennessee on his left, and passing in rear of the other divisions by the most practicable road, will take position with his right resting upon the Twenty-third Corps, refusing his line so as to run parallel with the south branch of the Utoy Creek, posting two brigades in front line and one in reserve. General Baird will withdraw his division in the same way, following General Carlin, and take position on Carlin's left, continuing his line down the creek, with two brigades in front line and one in reserve. Generals Carlin and Baird will each post their divisions with two brigades in the front line and one in reserve. General Morgan, following General Baird, will withdraw and take position on Baird's left, unless General Gaird's line should reach that of the Fourth Corps, in which case he will place his troops in reserve in rear of General Baird's left. The picket-line of the respective divisions will remain in their present position until near daylight unless driven in by the enemy, in which case they will fall back, skirmishing, to their commands. All hospitals, and trains, and batteries not in position, will be removed this afternoon to the rear of the positions indicated, the batteries being withdrawn with and protected by the troops with which they are now posted in line, under the superintendence of the chief of artillery. During the movement now commenced the corps will be held in position and maneuvered as to moving column, and officers kept in their places and men in their ranks. Trains will be placed in secure positions and guarded carefully.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

