
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 87. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864.

I. In order to carry out the instructions in Special Field Orders, Numbers 101, and paragraph II of Special Field Orders, Numbers 108, from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee-

First. Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, commanding First Division, will this evening withdraw his command, moving out on the road surveyed by Captain Klostermann, engineer officer, crossing Utoy Creek near Judge wilson's, thence proceeding by road designated by Captain Klostermann, engineer officer, to Camp Creek.

Second. Immediately after the troops of Major-General Osterhaus' division have moved out of position, Brigadier-General Hazen, commanding Second Division, will withdraw his command and closely follow that of Major-General Osterhaus.

Third. Immediately after the troops of Brigadier-General Hazen have moved out of position, Brigadier-General Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will withdraw his command, and closely follow that of Brigadier-General Hazen.

Fourth. Headquarters wagons and ambulances will precede their respective divisions and will be moved out this afternoon to Utoy Creek, where the supply train is parked, and await the arrival of the division to which they belong, and then move in their proper place. Care must be taken not to delay the column. All other wagons will be sent during the afternoon to the place where our line of march crosses Utoy Creek, there to await the arrival of their respective divisions.

Fifth. A strong skirmish line will be maintained until the works of the last division have withdraw from the main line of works. they will then be withdrawn to the main line of works by signal agreed upon by their respective division picket officers, and then held until the column is well out of the road, when they will be conducted by their respective officers by the most practicable road to their commands.

Sixth. The time for withdrawing will be announced during the day by General Howard.

* * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 49. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 26, 1864.

Captain Frederick Welker, First Regiment Missouri Light Artillery, is hereby assigned to duty temporarily as chief of artillery of the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps. He will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., Must 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that soon after my skirmish line withdrew from the opposite bank of the creek (Utoy) the enemy

