
established his there. Light skirmishing has been kept up during the day since. I do not think there is a greater force than a skirmish line. A brigade of infantry has been posted southeast of Patterson's, with orders to guard the trains there as directed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Mount Gilead Church, August 27, 1864.

Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis, Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that at daylight to-morrow morning you commence the march for this place, moving by Patterson's into the Campbellton road, moving along that road to the cross-roads, about a mile from our camp of last night. At this point leave the Cambellton road and move upon the one inclining to the left and passing Peyton Holbrook's and the Widow Smith's on to this point, where you will reach the left of the Fourth Corps. You will pass the latter, move on to its right, by which time further orders will be given you. You will this afternoon seek for some road running to the right of the one I have move your wagons and park them in an open space near this place. You will report to-night whether you have succeeded in finding such a road for your wagons, and in the morning come on in advance of your troops, as the major-general commanding desires to see you.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near East Point, Ga., August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Your communication directing me to move my command to Mount Gilead Church, commencing the movement at daylight in the morning, came to hand at 5.30 p. m. I was out reconnoitering the road in the vicinity of Patterson's at the time. I did not receive it myself until dark. My troops will move as directed. I will report in person in advance of the column. My general supply trains, under charge of the corps quartermaster, will move from Patterson's on some road as near parallel as can be found to the one on which the troops march, and to the right of the one occupied by General Stanley's corps. My quartermaster informs me that such a road can be found. I had but little time to make inquiry myself about the roads in that direction. I have sent an engineer to make a reconnaissance, with a view to finding a road in that direction. He will report by morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Since writing the above the engineer has reported a practicable road in the direction desired, and my trains will move on it accordingly.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Corps.

