
enemy and to keep us informed about larger bodies I hope you will see General Garrard, for I do not think he now has a correct notion of the position of the different corps, though he may.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S. - Quite heavy cannonading was heard by one of my staff officers between 12 and 1 o'clock to-day in the direction of the railroad bridge.

O. O. H.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In Field, on Wolf Creek, Ga., August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have placed my command in position on a line of ridges extending across Wolf Creek, about three-quarters of a mile south of Aldrich's house, fronting south-south-east. General Harrow forms the left, General Hazen the center, and General Osterhaus the right. The pickets of General Harrow extend to Camp Creek, and those of General Osterhaus connect with those of the Seventeenth Corps. The position is a good defensive one. My batteries are in position, and the men are engaged in throwing up works.

My headquarters are in the right of the road near Aldrich's house. See inclosed map.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ga., August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that this division was withdrawn from its recent position at 8.30 last evening, with the loss of 1 enlisted men killed by a shell, and arrived at this point at about 11 a. m. to-day. The position of this division at present is shown by the accompanying sketch.* It has already a good defensive line of rifle-pits with a broad belt abatis and entanglement in its front. The hill marked A in the sketch commands all the lines of this corps besides seeing them all in reverse. Were this position to be maintained it is my opinion the hill should be fortified.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, August 27, 1864.

Colonel PATTERSON, Loudon:

The enemy crossed at Lee's Ferry, and will go toward Sparta, probably. They inquired for road to Crossville, &amp;c. Please send word to General Steedman. All quiet here.

J. AMMEN,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

