
extra ambulances, then all other wagons, and following these General Newton's division will march. General Wood will take with his division the two batteries formerly attached thereto. Five ammunition wagons quarters trains will follow the division to which they belong.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 2. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 27, 1864.

Each division commander will at once establish a line of pickets in his own front upon the line of the Utoy Creek, General Carlin's connecting on the right with those of the Twenty-third Corps, and the line connecting on the left with the pickets of the Fourth Corps. All regimental and other wagons, expect hospital wagons, and ambulances and ammunition trains, and one wagon each to division and brigade headquarters, and (when they have the tools) one wagon to each brigade for intrenching tools, will be collected under the division quartermaster and reported to-day to Captain Remington, chief quartermaster of the corps, on the farm of Mrs. Patterson, on the Campbellton road. During the projected movements the trains will be moved and parked under Captain Remington's directions. The troops will be in readiness to move at 3 o'clock this afternoon.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 3. Near East Point, Ga., August 27, 1864.

The movement which was contemplated for this afternoon will begin at daylight to-morrow.

General Morgan will move his division from its present position at 4 a. m., striking the main Campbellton road with the head of his column at or near the Widow Holbrook's, at which point he will receive further instructions. General Baird will move his division at 5 a. m., following General Morgan. General Carlin will move his division at 6 a. m., following General Baird. The ammunition trains will move upon the main Campbellton road in the order in which their divisions march, following in the rear of the troops of the corps and pursuing the route they have taken.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 10. Chattahoochee River, August 27, 1864.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 238, of July 30, 1864, Adjutant-General's Office, the undersigned hereby assumed command of the Twentieth Army Corps.

