
The following-named staff officers are hereby announced: Major E. W. Guindon, aide-de-camp; Captain W. W. Moseley, aide-de-camp; Captain W. G. Tracy, aide-de-camp.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS, Numbers 69. Chattahoochee River, Ga., August 27, 1864.

I. The First Brigade, Third Division, is hereby relieved from further duty with the First Division, and until it rejoins its division will report to corps headquarters for orders. Colonel Harrison will at once post his brigade in accordance with the verbal instructions given him by the corps commander.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General A. S. Williams, U. S. Volunteers, having been relieved from the command of the Twentieth Corps, will resume the command of the First Division, and Brigadier-General Knipe will resume command of the First Brigade, First Division.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. W. PERKINS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 95. Before Atlanta, Ga., August 27, 1864.

* * * * *

VIII. The following movement will be made to-morrow, viz: Promptly at daylight the division trains will move out on the Sandtown road toward Patterson's and join the corps train, leaving a few ambulances with the troops. The entire train will then move in rear of the troops and train of the Fourteenth Corps (not interfering with the latter) via Patterson's and Mount gilead to the valley of Camp Creek, in rear of General Stanley's present position, where it will park until further orders. As soon as the trains are out of the way and the Fourteenth Corps has withdrawn from its present position (soon after daylight), General hascall will draw back to his new line, covering the Campbellton road, and General Cox will simultaneously draw back to the Mount Gilead road and take position, covering that road, with his left near Mrs. Holbrook's. When the trains reach their park at Camp Creek General Hascall will move down to Mount Gilead, passing General Cox, and will occupy the position now held by the Four the Corps as soon as the latter has moved out. General Cox will prepare to throw back his left, so as to cover the road, as soon as General hascall shall have passed. General Garrard's cavalry division is to connect with the left and cover the rear of the infantry during the movement. Colonel Garrard will operate from the left of General thomas along the front of the Twenty-third Corps, observing the enemy until the corps, by its advance from Mount Gilead, shall again encounter the enemy's pickets. Generals Cox and Hascall will keep their skirmish lines, with very strong supports, well out toward the enemy. Orders for further movements will be given during the day.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

