
GENERAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, Near Widow Forsyth's, Numbers 12. On Campbellton Road, Ga., August 27, 1864.

While the general commanding assures the officer and men of this army of his appreciation of the very satisfactory manner in which the late delicate and important movements have been made, he desires to call the attention of corps, division, brigade, and regimental commanders, in our future movements in the face of the enemy, to the necessity of keeping the columns well closed up, and preventing straggling by proper rear guards.

2. The artillery especially requires notice, and chiefs of artillery will be held responsible that their batteries are kept constantly closed up, receiving the individual attention of their commanding officers wherever bad places in the roads shall be likely to occasion delay.

3. At the hour of retreat to-day there will be a roll-call in every regiment, battery, and detachment of this command, when every absentee will be accounted for and patrols sent out to pick up stragglers and men who have fallen by the way, weary from the march.

4. The attention of corps commanders is called to the orders, requiring the pioneers corps to accompany the advance of the column, in order thoroughly to repair the roads, and so complete their work that the command can move on without delay.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, Near Widow Forsyth's, Numbers 111. On Campbellton Road, Ga., August 27, 1864.

Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will cause two bridges across each of the creeks, Camp and Wolf, to be immediately constructed at suitable points in his front.

II. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will cause two bridges across each of the creeks, Camp and Wold, to be immediately constructed at suitable points in his front.

III. Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom, commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, will direct the pioneer corps of his command, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Tiedemann, to report forthwith to Major-General Blair for temporary duty.

IV. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, this army will move to-morrow at 7 a. m., in two columns, to the vicinity of New Hope Church, situated between Fairburn and Red Oak. The right column will comprise the Seventeenth Corps, Major-General blair, followed by the Left Wing, Sixteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Ransom; the left column, the Fifteenth Corps, Major-General Logan, followed by the general train and a brigade from Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, as rear guard. The routes are being reconnoitering, and will be indicated before the hour of march. Corps and division commanders will familiarize themselves as much as possible with all the roads in their front. In addition to the permanent guard the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Ransom commanding, will furnish a rear guard of one brigade for the general train.

