
General Kilpatrick will move in such a manner as to cover the right, and, if possible, mask the movement so that the infantry will not be noticed.

* * * * *

VII. Major-General Blair will, at the hour heretofore ordered, move forward with his command, followed by Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Ransom commanding, on the direct road in his front toward Sidling, or Shadna, on the West Point railroad 9th same heretofore noted as New Hope).

2. Major-General Logan will at the same hour move forward with the left column on the road in his immediate front, passing by our near Sewell's, and pursuing a route to the left of that followed by Major-General Blair. He will construct a road to move on beyond Sewell's, should no practicable route from that point be discovered. The command will go into position to the left of Fairburn, about one-third the distance between that point and Red Oak. The routes to be pursued and the positions to be occupied are indicated on the accompanying map.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, on Wolf Creek, Ga., Numbers 88. August 27, 1864.

I. Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will extend his picket-line on the left in a northeasterly direction to Camp Creek, and join on the right with the picket-line of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, commanding Second Division.

II. Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus will connect his picket line on the left with that of Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, and on the right with that of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

III. The picket-line must be thrown well forward, and the pickets instructed to be unusually vigilant. Division picket officers must make frequent visits to the picket-lines of their respective commands and see that the duty is performed properly.

* * * * *

VII. In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, the command forming the left column will move at 7 a. m. to the vicinity of New Hope Church, situated between Fairburn and Red Oak.

First Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus' command will have the advance and will be followed by the commands of Brigadier-General Hazen and Harrow respectively.

Second. Ten wagons of ammunition, the ambulance and medicine wagons, will follow each division. All other wagons will follow the corps in order of march superintended by the chief quartermaster of the corps.

Third. Brigadier General William Harrow will detail two regiments as train guard, to be disposed at proper intervals through the train. The ranking officer of the two regiments selected will have charge of the entire guard and train and will see that it is kept well closed up.

Fourth. Division commanders must cause their troops to march in good order and keep well closed up, and to this end will designate a staff officer to ride along the line of march frequently and give notice to

