
brigade commanders of any break that may occur in their lines, with orders to at once close it up by marching in quick, and if necessary in double quick, time.

Fifth. Straggling must under no circumstances be allowed. Division commanders must give the most stringent instructions regarding it, for they will themselves be held responsible here. Each regiment should detach a small rear guard, under an officer who can be relied on to prevent it in his command.

Sixth. The route to be taken will indicated before the hour of march.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C., Near Campbellton Road, Ga., Numbers 72. August 27, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In carrying out the provisions of Special Field Orders, Numbers 111, extract IV, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, the Second Division, Brigadier General J. M. Corse commanding, will take the advance, following closely in rear of the Seventeenth Corps. Brigadier General J. W. Fuller, commanding Fourth Division, will designate one brigade of his command to act as rear guard for the general train, which moves in the left column, in rear of the Fifteenth Corps. Brigadier General J. W. Fuller, with his command, will follow the Second Division, General Corse commanding, with the exception of the ordnance trains, which will move in the immediate rear of each division. All teams will move in rear of the Fourth Division in the same order of march as divisions. Brigadier General J. W. Fuller will designate two regiments to act as rear guard to these trains and to gather up all stragglers.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No 214. In the Field, Ga., August 27, 1864.

In order to carry out Special Field Orders, Numbers 111, extract IV, headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, the following dispositions will be made:

First. Brigadier General Charles R. Woods, commanding Third Division, will have the advance, and will move his command promptly at 7 a. m. to-morrow, on the direct road to New Hope Church.

Second. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General Giles A. Smith commanding, will follow immediately in the rear of the Third Division.

The route will be indicated by a member of the staff of the major-general commanding.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

