
and cover up and fill with dirt. Please given minute instructions on this subject to-night, and have the work commenced as early in the morning as possible, taking proper precaution also to guard against attack on either the working parties or the general position. General Howard has received similar instructions and General Schofield will be moved to your left front.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to inclose you an official copy of a letter received from Major-General Sherman for your information and direction.* In addition or explanation the major-general commanding directs that you throw forward one division of your corps on the left of the railroad as far to the front as possible, and while care should be exercised that it be not suddenly attacked, your whole line will needs be guarded against such a movement on the part of the enemy. General Davis will throw forward a division on the right of the railroad. The track will be effectually destroyed from your most advanced position as far back as the line now held by General Howard. The major-general commanding directs that when the rails are red-hot in the center of the rail soldier can take hold of each end, and by giving it a twist it will prevent its use again without first being rerolled. The present opportunity to break the railroad effectually should not be passed by unimproved.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Red Oak Station, Ga., August 28, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General KIMBALL,

First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you readjust your lines to-morrow morning, and build a strong barricade along your front. We will remain in our present position to-morrow. He also directs that you instruct Colonel Taylor to report with his brigade to General Wood to-morrow, to assist him in destroying the track of the Atlanta and West Point Railroad. Have these troops make preparations to perform such duty as soon as rations are issued to them in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

44 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT V

