HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Red Oak, Ga., August 28, 1864-11.30 p. m.

General NEWTON,

Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: We will remain here to-morrow. You will readjust your lines early in the morning and construct strong barricades in your front.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Red Oak, Ga., August 28, 1864-11.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

Herewith inclosed please find copy of instructions from Major-General Sherman in reference to destroying the track of the Atlanta and West Point Railroad.* In accordance therewith, and with instructions received from department headquarters, you will throw forward two brigades of your division and Taylor's brigade, of General Kimball's division (which will report to you for duty to-morrow), "on the left of the railroad, as far to the front as possible," and thoroughly destroy the railroad track. "Care should be exercised that you be not suddenly attacked." You will take with you one battery and leave behind all pack-mules and teams, shelter-tents, &amp;c., so that the troops may move as light as possible. Your camp will be guarded during your absence by the brigade you leave behind. Also instruct the commanding officer of such brigade to construct strong barricades along your front after you have readjusted your lines, early to-morrow morning. General Schofield will cover your left flank.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, August 28, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor, by direction of the major-general commanding, to inclose you an official copy of a letter received from Major-General Sherman for your information and direction.* In addition or explanation the major-general commanding directs that you throw forward one division of your corps on the right of the railroad as far to the front as possible, and while care should be exercised that it be not suddenly attacked, your whole line will needs be guarded against a similar movement on the part of the enemy. General Stanley will throw a division forward on the left of the railroad. The track will be effectually destroyed from your most advanced position as far back as the line now held by General Howard. The major-general commanding directs that when the rails are red-hot in the center of the rail one soldier can

---------------

*See p 688.

---------------

