
take hold of each end, and by giving it a twist it will prevent its use again without first being rerolled. The present opportunity to break the railroad effectually should not be passed by unimproved.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Red Oak Station, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that at an early hour to-morrow morning you send out your largest brigade upon the railroad with instructions to make a reconnaissance to your front and to destroy the road as effectively and as far as possible, and that you send another brigade to the rear with orders to destroy the road thoroughly in that direction. The general also wishes you as early as possible to open a wagon road from your lines to the cleared farm land in your rear upon the south side of the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near West Point Railroad, August 28, 1864-4 p. m.

General SLOCUM,

Bridge:

Army of the Tennessee is on the West Point railroad near Fairburn, Cumberland at Red Oak, and Ohio will be on Camp Creek to-night. We will break it good and move on to the other at once. Keep me advised of all things of interest, if possible, via Campbellton, and when you fell strong at the bridge give a help to Marietta. Order as many stores to your position as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Chattahoochee River, August 28, 1864.

Lieutenant M. J. KELLY,

Chief of Couriers:

LIEUTENANT: Your note of this morning is just received. General Slocum is absent from headquarters along the lines. The firing yesterday was at Turner's Ferry. The enemy's cavalry, with a section of artillery, appeared in front of Ward's division and fired a few rounds, which were returned. After a slight skirmish with our infantry they retired, and all has been quite since. They have made no demonstrations on Williams' division at the railroad crossing, though their cavalry picket along the front of that division. On the 26th, Geary's division, at Pace's Ferry, had a sharp skirmish with cavalry (dismounted), but nothing since. The demonstration of yesterday amounted to nothing - merely reconnoitering to ascertain whether or not Turner's Ferry was

