
held by us. The enemy have cavalry on all the roads leading from the river to Atlanta. Our positions at each of the three ferries have been strengthened so as to be perfectly safe, and we have one brigade on the north side of the river at this point, which occupies a portion of the old rebel works, and completely protects the depot and trains here from any attack in the rear. Colonel Minty has one regiment of cavalry up the river from here toward Roswell Factory and two regiments at Sandtown. The enemy's cavalry hold Roswell. Their force there is supposed to be about 400. They scout down the river as far as Soap Creek. A patrol this moment returned reports the enemy in front of Ward's division withdrawn. The patrolling party, starting from Turner's Ferry, went out on the road to Atlanta three miles, took a road to the left, and came in to our lines again at this point. The general will, I presume, make a reconnaissance to-morrow morning. Is it your intention to keep open the communication by courier line to this point via Sandtown?

Yours, respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Forwarded by General Thomas to General Sherman.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Colonel H. LE FAVOUR,

Commanding Reserve Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you place your brigade on the railroad early to-morrow morning just in front of your camp, for the purpose of tearing up the track and effectually destroying the road by burning ties and twisting the rails. Your brigade will destroy to the rear, working along until it meets with General Howard's troops, which will approach you from the rear. General Howard's troops are now about one mile and a half back. By heating the rails red-hot in the center, one soldier taking each end can give them such a twist as will effectually prevent them being used again without first being rerolled.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARTERSVILLE, GA., August 28, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Colonel O. H. LA GRANGE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

General Smith says citizens report a large body of rebels two miles and a half east of this point, and desires 100 men sent to occupy the road where it intersects the railroad between here and Allatoona. Send out the men immediately and let them hold this point, and from time to time report anything they may observe. Our pickets at Allatoona were fired on this afternoon, killing 2, wounding 2.

I am, colonel, your very obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

