
ing a strong left flank near the Oliver house. Instruct General Garrard to feel eastward from the Oliver house and to reconnoiter well to the east and north, reaching, if possible, the point marked on our map as Trimble's Mill.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I send you a map showing my present position, and from which you can see what my probably movement till be to-morrow. General Thomas is now on the railroad about Red Oak, and General Howard has crossed it, between Red Oak and Fairburn. To-morrow I shall probably move to or near the railroad via Mims' and Trimbel's. With the aid of Colonel Garrard you will, I think, be able to keep up connection with my left, and cover all roads on which army trains are moving. This being the object, it does not matter about preserving your line so far advanced as it is now. As fast as you have to gain ground to the right to keep pace with my movement, and the trains get out of your way, you can draw back your line until it rests along Camp Creek instead of Utoy. I would like, however, to have the Sandtown road covered during to-morrow if practicable, on account of some forage trains which I hope will arrive by that route. Please arrange with Colonel Garrard as to the position of the line which he shall hold. The cavalry ought to be pretty strong immediately on my left. If anything occurs to modify the proposed movement for to-morrow, I will inform you in the morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,On the West Point Railroad, August 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Arrived at 11 o'clock this a. m., and troops now going into position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S.- General Kilpatrick arrived before 8 a. m.; encountered considerable cavalry, which he drove back.

O. O. H.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,August 28, 1864.

General HOWARD:

General Thomas' column is on the railroad at Red Oak also; communicate with him up the Newnan road. Do the job of tearing up, burning, and twisting in the most approved style. You can't do too much of it. I don't think the enemy yet understand our movement.

