
They have made no effort to stop us, only cavalry holding the road. Schofield reports a force which he thinks may threaten him. In case of heavy battle up our way come up the Newnan road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Red Oak, Ga., August 28, 1864-6.45 p. m.

Major-General HOWARD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Wilson is here. I wrote you by Captain Knox. Our movement has been slower on the left on account of the proximity to the enemy, and a necessity for greater caution. General Thomas is in position, his two corps crossing the railroad and facing Atlanta. General Schofield still remains about Mount Gilead Church. We will remain on the road to-morrow, and break it in the most thorough manner possible. General Thomas will work forward and break to you. I want you to do the best job of railroad destruction on record, using General Kilpatrick to cover you while at work, and to explore roads to the east and make such reconnaissance toward Campbellton as would be useful to us in the future; also fill up some cuts in the railroad with logs and trees covered with dirt, so we may rest perfectly satisfied as regards the use of this railroad during the remainder of this campaign. It is more important that each bar of iron should be heated and twisted than a great amount of imperfect work done, for it the iron can be used again in this wooded country ties can be easily supplied.

Yours, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Fairburn, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier General WILLIAM HARROW, Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as your troops have a little rest and get some coffee, you march a brigade or more to the railroad and commence its destruction at the right of General Osterhaus' line and extend to our picket-line toward Atlanta. The work must be done complete by burning the ties and warping, twisting, and bending the iron in such a manner as to preclude its future use. The telegraph poles will be cut down and burned and the wire broken in pieces and carried off a considerable distance from the road into the woods and, if possible, concealed. The execution of this order will be reported in writing to these headquarters.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Shadna Church, August 28, 1864-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: My command is in position on the right of General Blair, with one brigade thrown forward on the Jonesborough road. My lines

