
extend along from the front of this brigade across the road and railroad to a point about half a mile from the road. My artillery is in position, covering the country in the direction of Jonesborough and Fairburn. I have cut a road from the rear and center of my command through the country, striking the road upon which we advanced this morning in rear of your headquarters. I await further orders.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Commanding Third Cavalry Division.

LOUDON, August 28, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

By dispatch per courier all was quiet at Kingston up to 6 p. m. last evening. Major Reeves had sent seamer to Chattanooga with dispatches to General Steedman, informing him of strength of enemy and their probable course, which he thought would be Murfreesborough, and that they would reach there in about four days. No fears are felt for safety of Kingston. Re-enforcements sent last night. All quiet here.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP ON CHATTAHOOCHEE, August 28, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 12.10 a. m. 29th.)

Major THOMAS T. ECKERT:

Officers in from front report General Thomas' headquarters near Red Oak, and army in position on Macon railroad, having found but few Johnnies and met with no serious resistance. One hundred prisoners have arrived here. Slocum is in command Twentieth Corps. No news from Wheeler. Railroad is repaired nearly to Athens, Tenn. I go front to-morrow.

J. C. VAN DUZER.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Mount Gilead Church, Ga., August 28, 1864-5.45 a. m.

Orders to the day for the Fourth Army Corps for August 28, 1864:

The corps will be ready to move at 7 a. m., but it will not move until further orders are given. General Newton's division will lead, General Wood's will follow, then General Kimball's. The line of march will be directly southward to the railroad. The two batteries formerly attached to the Second Division will accompany it. One battery will accompany each of the other divisions. Headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which they belong. All other trains and the surplus artillery will move on the road to the right of the road on which the troops march. On this road the artillery will move first, then the hospital trains, then the ammunition trains, then the general supply train. These trains will move in the order in which the divisions march, and they will be conducted by Captain Schoeninger, assistant chief quartermaster. Fifteen ambulances and five ammunition wagons will accompany each division on the march.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

