
Supplement.

6.15 A. M.

Orders of the day are changed, in this, that General Kimball's division will lead, followed by General Newton, then General Wood. General Kimball will take the two batteries formerly attached to his division; General Newton will take but one battery with him.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. DEPT AND ARMY OF THE TENN., FIELD ORDERS, Near Shadna Church, Numbers 112. On West Point Railroad, Ga., August 28, 1864.

Corps commanders will direct all empty wagons and surplus animals in their commands, not necessary for immediate use, to be sent at daylight to-morrow, in charge of a competent officer, back to the old corral at Chattahoochee railroad bridge, there to remain until further orders. When forage arrives at that point these teams will be loaded and sent forward if communication is opened and intact, which fact will be learned from Major-General Slocum, commanding Twentieth Corps.

2. No more grain will at present be issued in this command except for artillery and riding horses and the animals belonging to the ordnance trains; all other animals must obtain subsistence form the country. Quartermasters will be governed accordingly.

II. This army will move forward in two columns to-morrow at 7 a. m. in the following order:

1. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Corps, will pursue the direct route toward Jonesborough, crossing Pond Creek and Shoal Creek, aiming to reach the vicinity of Renfroe Place.

2. The Left Wing, Sixteenth Corps, Brigadier-General Ransom commanding, will have the advance of the right column, moving on a road to the right of that pursued by the Fifteenth Corps, and followed by the Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding. Should the column of General Ransom at any point intercept the column of the left, he will construct a road to the right, pursuing a line of march converging toward Renfroe Place. The trains in charge of the chief quartermaster will follow the Fifteenth Army Corps, and a brigade from the Seventeenth Army Corps will form the rear guard. Major-General Blair will accordingly detail a brigade to report to Captain J. T. Conklin, chief quartermaster at these headquarters, at 6 a. m. to-morrow, to relieve the brigade from the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps, now the rear guard to the train. The accompanying map will indicate the route to be followed. Brigadier General J. Kilpatrick, commanding cavalry division, will make the same disposition of his command as of to-day, conforming his line of march to that pursued by this army.

III. Captain William Kossak, aide-de-camp, is relieved from duty as engineer in charge of pontoon train. He will turn the command of the pioneers over to Lieutenant Shaffer, who will report to Captain Woodward, who will assume command of the train. Captain Kossak will then without delay report to Major-General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty as chief engineer.

