
IV. In accordance with instructions from Major-General Sherman, the movements indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 112, extract II, of this date, from these headquarters, are suspended, and will not be made until further orders.

V. Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Corps, will immediately direct the officer in charge of the guards for the trains of his corps to throw out a strong line of pickets well to the east and north of his trains in order to prevent any cavalry dash by the enemy upon them. General Logan will direct the officer in command of the guard in future to report through these headquarters to the chief quartermaster, in order that he may be advised upon what troops he may depend for the proper protection of the trains under his charge.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 89. Near Fairburn, Ga., August 28, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In pursuance of orders this command will move forward at 7 a. m. to-morrow on the direct route toward Jonesborough, crossing Pond Creek and Shoal Creek, aiming to reach the vicinity of Renfroe Place.

III. Brigadier General W. B. Hazen's command will have the advance, and will be followed by the commands of Brigadier General William Howard and Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, respectively.

IV. The same general disposition of trains as indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 88, of yesterday, will be observed.

V. Major-General Osterhaus will dispose a sufficient number of troops, with the wagons moving immediately in rear of the column, to protect them.

VI. The rule relating to straggling must be regarded strictly.

VII. Division commanders are hereby directed to act in compliance with instructions contained in Special Field Orders, Numbers 112, Department and Army of the Tennessee, herewith inclosed.*

VIII. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters, the movements indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 89, extract II to VI, of this date, from these headquarters, are suspended, and will not be made until further orders.

IX. Brigadier General William Harrow, commanding Fourth Division, will forthwith throw out a strong line of pickets well to the east and north of the general supply train parked immediately in rear of department headquarters, in order to prevent any cavalry dash by the enemy upon them.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 28, 1864.- For General Orders, Numbers 13, headquarters Seventeenth Army Corps, conferring medals of honor, see Part III, p. 556.]

---------------

*See p. 697.

---------------

