
the army commander to which such medical officers belong. Any other proceeding is ruinous to discipline as well as an efficient working of the details of army administration.

Third. The Sanitary and Christian Commissions have done much good when we have been fortunate enough to deal with sensible and public spirited agents, but it has occurred to me that frequently complaints have been made when there has been no earthy necessity for them, and many obstacles to the efficient working of the medical department interposed, either absolutely or by insinuation, which has caused much embarrassment, and ultimately resulted in unnecessary suffering to the wounded and sick of our armies. Both institutions have done much good, but they would do much more if their agents confined themselves to their legitimate duties under the direction of the medical department of the army, the alleviation of the suffering of our sick and wounded soldiers, and not to pointing out whenever officers of the medical department have neglected their duties. It has been my experience to observe that when a new bureau or separate department of the military service has been or attempted to be established that the officers of that bureau make a point to decry all other departments which might interfere with its complete success. So with the Sanitary and Christian Commissions. They have caused much trouble and could be easily dispensed with for the good of the service, as their duties are legitimately those of and should be performed by the medical department.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, July 1, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Stoneman reports the enemy's cavalry in strong force west of Sweet Water toward Villa Rica. He thinks it will not do to cross to the east of Sweet Water, leaving the enemy in his rear.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 1, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Stoneman crossed the Sweet Water just below the mouth of Powder Springs Creek at 7 o'clock, and is pushing toward Sweet Water Town. Hascall is progressing satisfactorily. Will be able to give you more definite information soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General,

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI

[July 1, 1864.]

General SCHOFIELD:

It is not reasonable to suppose Joe Johnston will keep at Villa Rica anything more than a cavalry force of observation. If General Stoneman deems it impossible to occupy the position of Sweet Water Town,

