HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, August 29, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your column at 6 a. m. to-morrow from its present position by the road leading past Ballard's, Godby's, and Miller's to Mrs. Long's, thence to the Decatur and Fayetteville road, and take up a position on the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps and covering the above-named road. Your wagons will move by the road which will be taken by the Fourteenth Corps, and which crosses the railroad a short distance southwest of Red Oak and which runs in nearly a direct line of Long's. Inclosed I send you a copy of the instructions given to General Davis.* After taking up your position you will connect by your pickets with General Davis on your right and feel for the Twenty-third Army Corps on your left.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Red Oak, August 29, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

The occupation of the troops of this corps to-day consisted in adjusting and barricading the lines occupied by the corps last evening, and in breaking up the railroad toward East Point. The latter was done by Brigadier General T. J. Wood with two brigades, Post's and Knefler's, of his division, and Taylor's brigade, of Kimball's division. In conjunction with General Carlin's division General Wood thoroughly destroyed the railroad three miles in advance of our lines. We met only a few cavalry skirmishers. As, from information received from citizens and contrabands, the point reached by the working party was two miles and a half from the rebel lines, it was not deemed advisable to push farther forward. Three men of Kimball's division, who had a pass to go out for roasting-ears, to keep behind the force on the railroad, were captured by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Red Oak Station, August 29, 1864.

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that during to-day my command lay in position, its line running north and south, with the left resting near Red Oak Station. During the morning my First division, General Carlin, destroyed the West Point railroad from two miles in his front to about one mile in his rear, where he found the road destroyed by the troops of General Howard. General Carlin's troops

---------------

*See p. 701.

---------------

