
found the enemy in an intrenched position between two and three miles in his front. Two different regiments were sent out upon reconnaissance upon the front and right of General Morgan, one of which supported the troops of General Carlin, and returned at 2 p. m., when they returned. The other, the Tenth Michigan, marched a little south of east as far as the Shoal Creek Church and cutting out a road to that point, or near it, for the troops to march upon in the contemplated movements of to-morrow, they met the enemy's cavalry in some force and drove them back beyond the church. The Twenty-first Wisconsin, accompanied by Lieutenant Carney, of my staff, was sent out upon a road lying south of my right, and running a little south of east, keeping nearly parallel with the route of the Tenth Michigan and striking the Jonesborough or Flat Shoal road near Dodd's house. It also skirmished slightly with rebel cavalry, inflicting some damage upon them, but losing none themselves.

My loss during the day is only 1 man missing.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, Ga., August 29, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock you move your corps from your present position to Shoal Creek Church and, if no serious resistance is offered you, on to Couch's taking up a position near that place and connecting by your pickets with the Fourth Corps, which will be on your left, and the Army of the Tennessee on your right. Your wagons will be moved by the road indicated by you running to the right of and in the same direction as that taken by your troops, and at night parked in rear of the corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 29, 1864.

Captain A. C. MC CLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the corps that his instructions concerning the destruction of the railroad have been executed. It is thoroughly destroyed for at least two miles above my camp, about half a mile having been destroyed by General Wood's division, Fourth Corps. The cavalry pickets of the enemy were driven back a mile, when a considerable force was met in fortifications. This was as far as prudence would permit me to go with one brigade. The railroad thus embraced within our lines was as much as two brigades could destroy by 2 p. m. to-day, when I withdrew the whole force, the men being much fatigued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

