HEADQUARTERS TENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,In Camp, near East Point, Ga., August 29, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES M. LUM,

10th Michigan, Commanding 1st Brigadier 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps:

COLONEL: In accordance with orders and instructions received from General Morgan, I moved my regiment in nearly an easterly direction for about two miles through plantations and open timber. I then moved about east of southeast for near one mile, striking the Fairburn road about one-quarter of a mile below Shoal Creek Church. As we came in sight of the road at Cole's, we found a small force of the enemy (about twenty-five). Our skirmishers charged across an open field for about 300 yards. The rebels started for their horses and we fired on them. They ran, leaving a portion of their horses, saddles, and arms. I found that we had struck the rear guard of a cavalry force that commenced passing the church at 8 a. m. The last of the column passed at 11.45 a. m. I threw out skirmishers in rear and flankers and took position on the ridge at the church. The enemy moved down in line extending across the road and field into the timber on either side, covering the trail on which we advanced. I found on inquiry from my guide that we could get back by moving on the Fayette and Atlanta road. I moved out on this road about one mile and a half, turned to the left, and struck our outward path at Kimberly's plantation. I then cut the road out for about one mile and half toward the church, leaving about three-quarters of a mile uncut, but plainly blazed. We found the enemy's in squads along the road on our return march. Captured 1 prisoner, who reports that Hardee's corps moved down ont he Montgomery railroad to-day.

I have to report the capture of 8 horses, 7 mules, and 9 guns. We destroyed about 20 guns. The cavalry force was represented as consisting of Armstrong's brigade and three regiments of Martin's brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. BURNETT,

Major, Commanding Tenth Michigan Infantry.

AUGUST 29, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM, Marietta:

The following just received, with request that an answer be returned by bearer, after which the courier line is to be withdrawn until the movements is over:

RED OAK, August 29, 1864.

General SLOCUM:

The major-general commanding directs that you assume command of and collect together all stragglers who are to be found in your vicinity. Those that are armed, organize for the defense of the tete-de-pont; those that are unarmed put to work upon the defenses. The same will apply to detachments of convalescents, &amp;c., en route to join their regiments. He also directs that you keep out pickets and watch well the movements of the enemy, and should he leave Atlanta, to occupy the place by, say, one division, if you can do so without endangering the safety of the tete-de-pont. It seems impossible that the rebel should be able to carry away all their artillery and ammunition, and if you cannot hold the place you may possibly destroy this artillery and ammunition.

WM. D., WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If you will telegraph an answer I will have it sent forward to-night so that it will get through.

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

