
TELEGRAPH OPERATOR,

Bridge:

You had better ask the operator of Marietta if General Slocum is still there. He may have left there to return here; if so this dispatch need not be sent. Please send me word by the bearer if you reach the general there.

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Chattahoochee River, August 29, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of to-day from Red Oak. At the time of its reception General Slocum was, and still is, absent at Marietta, where he has gone to make a personal inspection of the defense. Your letter was telegraphed to him. A copy of his reply is herewith inclosed. In reference to the stragglers and convalescents, your order has ben anticipated. The enemy have retired from our immediate front, and are now picketing in our old line of works about Atlanta. A reconnaissance will be sent out to-morrow toward Atlanta to enter the place if possible. Our position here has been so strengthened that it may be considered perfectly safe.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MARIETTA, August 29, 1864.

Colonel H. W. PERKINS:

Write to General Thomas that i have collected and armed all convalescents and stragglers; that our position is a very strong one; that I will keep a close watch in the direction of Atlanta and try to carry out his orders. Tell him I am now at Marietta, but will return to the bridge to-night.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A courier in at Gallatin from Carthage reports Wheeler at Sparta with 12,000 men and six pieces of artillery. General Granger reports a part of Roddey's and Forrest's force across the river near Savannah, with nine regiments near Tuscumbia, preparing to cross at Bledsoe.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Steedman telegraphs that some 3,000 or 4,000 of Wheeler's force were reported north of Kingston yesterday morning, moving

