HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, Tenn., August 29, 1864-11 p. m.

Colonel W. J. CLIFT, Commanding Second Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: A telegram just received from Major-General Rousseau ordering you back to this place and Decherd. You will remain at Manchester till morning, then fall back to this place with half of your force, sending the other half to Decherd from Manchester. Send forward couriers immediately upon the receipt of this to recall Major Waters and the ammunition wagon sent from here this evening. If you leave Manchester in the morning before Major Waters reaches you leave one or two companies there to support him. Keep us advised by couriers of the movements of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 29, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Please send 200 men to Stevenson, 200 to the Tunnel, and 300 to report to General Milroy at Tullahoma, and if you can spare it, one regiment to Bridgeport. General Milroy telegraphs that his cavalry has engaged the enemy at McMinnville.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 29, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN:

A courier in at Gallatin from carthage reports Wheeler at Sparta with 12,000 men and six pieces of artillery. He is evidently coming this way. General Granger reports a part of Roddey's and Forrest's force across the river, near Savannah, with nine regiments near Tuscumbia, preparing to cross at bledsoe. Can you not loan me a small force to strengthen Stevenson and the road this side?

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, August 29, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have been down to General Howard. The railroad is well broken down two miles and a half below Fairburn, which is six miles from here. Several cuts are also filled with trees, rocks, and earth. We will move to-morrow for our next objective. Howard will move for Jonesborough; Thomas via Shoal Creek Church, Mrs. Long's, and Couch's, on the road from Morrow's Mill, toward Fayetteville. I want you to cover the movement with your two divisions and the cavalry of Garrard. It May be best for you to occupy the parapets made by Stanley and Davis until your trains are well toward Shoal Creek Church, and then move toward any strong position south and west of Morrow's Mill, covering the Decatur road and in communication with Thomas at Couch's. I don't know how far toward East Point Davis and Stanley went to-day, but if you can I want you to gain your position via D.

45 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

