
Mim's and the road across by Mrs. Long's. If you find this difficult, maintain a defensive position till the trains are well out, and then follow Thomas' movement as far as Long's, and thence to the one described.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 29, 1864.

[General SCHOFIELD:]

GENERAL: My headquarters are at Wait's house, on the south side of Camp Creek, and my two brigades lie to the left, along the creek. I cover all the roads and ground from Mims' around to the Sandtown road, a mile west of Patterson's, and also picket to my left rear. My line is along outside of your position last night, and the Sandtown road is watched at three points. Colonel Garrards' regiment, which was on my right, is camped near Mount Gilead Church, inside of my pickets, and near a regiment of mine on picket. I do not know where the colonel is, and have not communicated with him. A few rebels are now in the fort, ont he old line near the Sandtown road. Small parties have run in on me on all roads during the day, but no indication of any large force. The road to Sandtown is not now safe except for armed men, and wagons should have guards. As your left is not as far beyond Mims' aa I expected, I am closer in on your than I otherwise would have been.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland.

GENERAL: I send you the plan of operations for to-morrow, and a map which will enable you to understand it. In conforming to the infantry movement you will doubtless have to draw back your line somewhat and contract your left, or at least weaken it. All roads leading toward East Point should be held by the cavalry in strong force, as soon as abandoned by the infantry, and as far forward as practicable. I think you might during the day, as the infantry move off, draw back your main force to the railroad above Red Oak, and picket along Camp Creek with a strong head picket toward East Point. Colonel Garrard's force will, I think, be sufficient to operate between the railroad and the left of the infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Shadna Church, on West Point Railroad, Ga., August 29, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN, Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to state that Brigadier-General Ransom has been ordered to proceed with his command

