
along the railroad to Fairburn, for the purpose of destroying the road. He directs that you make the destruction of the railroad within your lines thorough and complete by being and twisting every rail, rendering it totally unfit for further use, burning every tie, and filling up the cuts with logs, stones, and earth-in short making a complete annihilation of the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps.)
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Shadna Church, August 29, 1864.

Colonel A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventeenth Army Corps:

I have the honor to report that my command destroyed road as follows: First Brigade, 420 yards, ties burned, rails doubled; Second Brigade, 200 yards, ties all burned, rails all broken; Third Brigade, 270 yards, ties burned, rails doubled; total, 890 yards. In addition the cuts in rear of my line are being rapidly filled with brush and earth mixed. The destruction is complete.

I am, colonel, very truly, yours,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Red Oak Station, Ga., August 29, 1864-8 p. m.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for to-morrow, August 30, 1864:

The corps will move to-morrow morning, starting at 6 a. m. General Newton's division will lead, followed by General Wood, and then General Kimball. The line of march will be pointed out to General Newton in the morning. The ammunition wagons, fifteen ambulances, two wagons for division headquarters, and one wagon for each brigade headquarters will follow each division on the march. All other wagons and ambulances will move on the same road taken by the general supply train. The artillery of the corps will move with the troops on the same road. Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, will distribute it in the column, placing with each division the batteries formerly attached to the same. The trains of the corps will follow the Fourteenth Army corps ont he same road in the order in which the divisions to which they belong will march. The ammunition train will move first, followed by the ambulances, then the hospital trains, then the general supply train. Surplus limbers will move with the artillery; ordnance train and surplus headquarters trains will move with the division ambulance trains. The artillery wagons will move with the general supply train.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

