
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Red Oak Station, Ga., August 29, 1864.

The movements of the corps to-morrow will be as follows:

General Morgan will move his division at 6 o'clock by the most direct road to Shoal Creek Church, and take position at that place. General Baird will move his division upon the same road, following General Morgan as soon as the road is clear, and prepared to support General Morgan's left, should resistance be met sufficient to render it necessary. General Carlin will move his division at 5.30 a. m. by a road starting near these headquarters and running to the right of and parallel to the one taken by the other two divisions, and intersecting the Jonesborough of Flat Shoal road at Dodd's house near the Shoal Creek Church. He will move prepared, in case of emergency, to support General Morgan's right. The head of the two columns of troops will if possible keep up constant communication. The artillery as assigned will accompany their respective divisions. On arriving at the church the troops will be massed ont he best ground which presents itself for forming lines of battle, and will be held in readiness for a farther advance as soon as practicable roads can be found.

The ordnance and hospital trains and other wagons heretofore allowed to accompany the moving column will follow General Carlin's division in the following order: General Carlin's, General Morgan's, General Baird's. These will be followed by the general supply train of the corps.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 97. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 29, 1864.

I. The plan of operations for to-morrow is as follows: The Army of the Tennessee to move from Fairburn to Renfroe Place (near Jonesborough); the Army of the Cumberland, from Red Oak, via Shoal Creek Church, to Couch's; the Army of the Ohio, via Red Oak and Mims', by Mrs. Long's, to Murray's [Morrow's] Mill.

II. General Cox will follow immediately in rear of General Stanely, from his present position to Red Oak, then take the East Point road and move to the intersection of the Jonesborough road, a short distance beyond Mims'. He will go into position so as to cover the Jonesborough road, and fortify. General Hascall will follow General Cox to the position described above, pass him on the Jonesborough road, move to the intersection of the road from Shoal Creek Church to East Point, take position facing East Point and Rough and Ready, and fortify; General Cox will then pass General Hascall and move to Mrs. Long's, where General hascall will join him. The divisions will then move together to Murry's [Morrow's] Mill. Colonel Garrard will follow the movement of the infantry, keeping connection with the infantry left and in conjunction with General Garrard, scouting thoroughly all roads leading toward the Macon railroad. The division ammunition and baggage trains will follow the troops. Other trains will follow the trains for troops of the army of the Cumberland to Shoal Creek Church, where they will await further orders.

III. The following must be strictly observed in the movement of trains in connection with troops, viz: Where delay occurs at the head of the

