
column by skirmishing or otherwise, the trains will at once move into park in the nearest open ground to the head of the train, leaving the road free for the passing of troops. Artillery should in general observe the same rule. In no case must artillery or wagons be permitted to double up in the road or occupy it unnecessarily.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 113. Near Shadna Church, On West Railroad, Ga., August 29, 1864.

* * * *

IV. From a most reliable source a report has reached these headquarters that there has been from this army to-day between 1,500 or 2,000 stragglers, a great many of them teamsters, and that numbers of them have been guilty of the vilest conduct, entering houses where there were women and little children, and utterly destroying everything, stealing knives, forks, and spoons, opening trunks, &amp;c. Corps commanders will take measures and prevent conduct so shameful and so disgraceful to our army. It is not the good soldiers who do these things, but the vilest miscreants. Corps commanders will be sustained in the infliction of punishment immediate and adequate to stop such offenses.

V. this army will move forward to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock in accordance with the instructions contained in Special Field Orders, Numbers 112, extract II, from these headquarters, of August 28, 1864.*

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 90. Near Fairburn, Ga., August 29, 1864.

* * * *

III. Paragraphs I, II, III, IV, V, and VI of Special Field Orders, Numbers 89, from these headquarters, will be executed to-morrow. The command will therefore move as therein indicated at 7 a. m. August 30.

IV. Brigadier-General Hazen will, on moving out to-morrow morning, throw forward two regiments as advance guard and protect his flank by strong lines of flankers.

* * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 73. Near Shadna Church, Ga., August 29, 1864.

On the march to-morrow the Second Division, Brigadier General J. M. Corse commanding, will take the advance, moving promptly at 6.45 a. m. The Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. W. Fuller commanding, will follow

---------------

*See p. 697.

---------------

