
immediately in rear of the Second Division. All trains will follow the Fourth Division, ordnance trains moving first, followed by headquarter and regimental trains in their regular order. A staff officer from each division will be detailed daily to superintend the movement of the trains, and will be held responsible for any unnecessary delay when on the march. The rear guard will be particularly instructed to pick up all stragglers. The Ninth Illinois, mounted, and the pioneer corps of both divisions, in charge of Lieutenant Beers, will report at these headquarters at 6.15 a. m. to-morrow. A report showing number of wagons in division ordnance trains, division and brigade headquarters and regimental trains, will be forwarded by division commanders to these headquarters to-morrow morning.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 216. Shadna Church, Ga., August 29, 1864.

* * * *

III. In pursuance of orders from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, Special Orders, Numbers 215, and Special Orders, Numbers 215, extract II, of August 28, 1864, from these headquarters, will be carried into effect to-morrow, all movements and dispositions t be made as therein ordered.

By command of Major General F. P. Blair:

ROWLAND COX,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Niles' House, near Flat Shoal Creek, Ga.,

August 30, 1864-8.20 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that this corps left its lines near Red Oak at 6 o'clock this a. m.; marched two miles up the Newnan road, turning at Ballard's house on the road to Mrs. Long's. One mile from the Ballard house we ran into the Fourteenth Corps, and were detained for three hours. After passing it we encountered the enemy's pickets about half a mile from Mrs. Long's house. We drove them off the Flat Shoal road, and they made a stand at Mann's house, where they were covered with rail barricades. We again drove them back. General Newton then placed his division in line of battle at Mann's house, facing northeast. I made arrangements to cover what I supposed to be the Decatur and Fayetteville and the Flat Shoal roads. I then rode over to General Baird's, at Couch's house, and made a reconnaissance of a line to connect with him by pickets. When I returned to General Newton he informed me that he had reliable information that the enemy was intrenched in his front and was in force. I then determined to place Generals Kimball's and Wood's divisions on his left. While making this formation I received instructions from Major-General Thomas to place these two divisions on the Decatur road, connecting with General Baird. I at once posted them in what I supposed

