HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Couch's House, Ga., August 30, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

A. A. G., and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 5.30 o'clock this morning the First Division of my corps moved from its position in front of Red Oak Station to a road which runs in a southeasterly direction from a point south of Red Oak Station, and strikes the Flat Shoal road near the Rev. Mr. Dodd's house. Marching to this point the division moved upon the latter road to the Shoal Creek Church, which point it reached at 8.45 a. m. The Second Division, followed by the Third, moved at 6 a. m. upon a road leading to the front from the position occupied by the extreme right of the corps, running north of, but nearly parallel to, the one upon which the First Division appeared in sight. To this point the ammunition, hospital, and headquarters trains of the corps had moved in the rear of the First Division, followed by the corps supply trains. Resting for an hour at the church, the corps moved eastward toward Couch's house, the Second Division, followed by the First, moving upon one road, and the Third Division marching upon a road nearly parallel, but north of this one, and converging at Couch's. The Third Division being in advance, skirmished with the rebel cavalry, and drove them back without loss. The corps went into position a little in advance or eastward of the Jonesborough and Fayetteville road, the lines running nearly north and south, and the right being refused across the road. the left of the corps rests near Couch's house, and there connects with General Stanely's right. On arriving at our present position, two regiments were sent down the road to Renfroe's and opened communication with General Howard's forces at that point. The trains have made but little progress this side of the Shoal Creek Church, having been, as reported by some of the officers in charge, cut out of the road by the general supply trains of department headquarters and the pontoon train. Several of the pontoon wagons wee stuck in the mud, blockading the road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Chattahoochee River, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order Brigadier-General Ruger to make this morning a reconnaissance toward Atlanta to develop the whereabouts of the enemy. He will take eight companies from each regiment of his brigade, and a battery of artillery will be ordered to report to him to accompany the reconnaissance. The general desires that he will start as soon as possible this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

