
and all roads to the left of it. Colonel Garrard will cover all roads between you and the infantry. The infantry will move out at early daylight, say 4.30 a. m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,On Camp Creek, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: On leaving Decatur I was directed to send daily report to department headquarters under the impression that this was to notify the chief of cavalry of my station daily. The only day one of his staff officers has not been in my camp I reported by letter. Last evening I received a note from Captain Ramsey, assistant adjutant-general, saying that the commanding general wanted daily reports from me. I have been in the rear, confronting my movements to the infantry and wagon trains, getting into position after night. Day before yesterday my pickets were on the Sandtown and Atlanta road, just south of Utoy Creek, and picketing beyond the creek up to Judge Wilson's, and then back toward Sandtown, and connecting with left of the infantry. Yesterday my line run farther south, but picketed on the Sandtown road, where the trains of the Army of the Tennessee crossed it. Last night my division camped on Camp Creek, and my line runs from there out to the Campbellton road, and then leaves that road and runs to my left and rear a mile west of Patterson's. the three roads at Mims' are strongly picketed, and patrols go out in sight of the Newnan road. Small parties run in on m y pickets, but no large force has as yet disturbed me. Guards should now be sent with ambulances or wagons going to Sandtown. It will not always be possible for me to report at night, for it is often very late before I can report, when I will report early next morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Red Oak, August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make my daily report. My command is near this point. My pickets reach on the south side of Camp Creek from Trimble's Mill to where the Campbellton road crosses the creek, and then around on the West Point road far enough west to cover all the roads used by trains. It is a very difficult matter for me to keep informed of the movements of the army, as so many delays have occurred. In the morning I examine the country in my front, then judge of the probable advance of the trains, and establish my new pickets. Then I moved my command forward, and then withdraw the old pickets. This keeps me occupied all day, and into the night sometimes,

