
though I move but a few miles a day. Only small parties have struck my pickets. As General Schofield moves so far to the east of the roads used by trains I may have to divide my command to cover the rear. One of my brigades (Minty's) was left to patrol and guard the river toward Roswell and down to Sweet Water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy drove our small cavalry force from McMinnville last evening, and this morning a portion of the rebel command attacked and captured a part of our forces at Lebanon, put out there as a party for observation. I am unable yet to tell the number of the enemy or divide their exact intentions.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, August 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Major-General Rousseau reports large of enemy at Sparta, Tenn. Citizens from Sequatchie Valley report a force this side of Pikeville, coming down the valley. General Granger reports portion of Roddey's and Forrest's forces north of the Tennessee, near Savannah, with nine regiments preparing to cross at Bledsoe, near Tuscumbia. By request of Major-General Rousseau I have sent four regiments to be used by him to protect the road to Nashville. I can send more troops if he requires them. The Ninth Pennsylvania Calvary is here; I shall detain it a few days. The Seventy-first Ohio Infantry proceeded to the front on the 28th instant.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 30, 1864.

Major-General MILROY, Tullahoma:

What news have you from the vicinity of Murfreesborough. Have you strengthened the force at Elk River and Duck River? The enemy were undoubtedly at Lebanon this morning. Keep scouts from your cavalry well out to give timely notice of their approach.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 30, 1864.

(Received at Tullahoma 10.50 p. m.)

Major-General MILROY:

General Steedman telegraphs that Wheeler's force, independent of Forrest and Morgan, is at least 6,000 strong, and artillery.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

