HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, August 31, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Inasmuch as I have already give orders to Schofield, based on the idea that he and Stanley move down the railroad, breaking it, till they come to Baird and Davis, near Jonesborough, I think we had better adhere to that plan till we develop the first step in the enemy's game, after he knows we are between him and Atlanta. I wish you to order Kilpatrick the movement he learns the enemy has gone south to hurry to Fayette Station and Griffin, hang on the flanks of the enemy while we push him to the rear. I propose to go as to far as Griffin, utterly destroying the road, and then act according to circumstances. I would rather you should follow the enemy as he retreats, leaving the Army of the Tennessee to swing by the right, and that of the Ohio by the left. I am glad to hear that Baird also is on the railroad, and now the sooner we get all our army together in close order the batter. You may put Davis in on the left of Howard, ready for Baird and Stanley to come up along the railroad. If Hood remains in Atlanta and Hardee commands at Jonesborough the latter may attempt to get back to Atlanta, in which event he may to-night run up against Baird, who should be put on his guard. You may give all the necessary orders that will bring your command together to attack and pursue that part of the confederate army now at Jonesborough by whatever road it takes, and I will give directions to the other armies to operate on its flanks. As soon as it is demonstrated on what road it retreats we can arrange to head it off. My own impression is that Hardee will try to join Hood in Atlanta. May send Schofield to-night, and I am anxious that Howard should keep in close contact. Audenried, of my staff, went about dark with orders to Schofield to the above effect, and for him and Stanley to work down the railroad to-night if possible, otherwise early in the morning. I will come down early also.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Jonesborough, August 31, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I wish you would instruct General Slocum at the bridge to feel forward to Atlanta, as boldly as he can, by the direct road leading from the bridge, and to send any cavalry force he can raise over toward Decatur to watch the movements of the enemy in that quarter. Advise him fully of the situation of affairs here, and assure him that we will fully occupy the attention of the rebel army outside of Atlanta.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Morrow's Mill, August 31, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

My corps moved to-day from its position on the road from Long's to Couch's to Morrow's Mill. Here we met the enemy in intrenchments

