
very well finished, but occupied only by dismounted cavalry. We drove these out, and as soon as General Schofield's forces had come up pushed out for the Macon railroad, which we reached at the big bend about the same time or a little later than General Cox. My corps is in position in strong line, the left resting upon the railroad, my right at Morrow's Mill. The working parties will go to work to burn up the track at 3 o'clock in the morning, unless I receive other instructions.

Very respectfully,

D. S. STANELY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Renfroe's, August 31, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that to-morrow morning early you commence the destruction of the Macon and Western Railroad in conjunction with General Schofield, who will receive orders from General Sherman. You will destroy as far as you can in the direction of Jonesborough, or until you meet with General Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, which you will probably find engaged in the same work. Should you meet with or overtake General Baird, you will report for further orders. General Garrard has been ordered to cover the flank of your column during its down the road.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Baird struck the railroad at 5 p. m. to-day and went to work immediately breaking the road.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Morrow's Mill, Ga., August 31, 1864.

General NEWTON:

You will send all the pioneers of your division, under charge of an energetic officer, to begin tearing up railroad track at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning, commencing on the left of the corps where we join General Schofield's corps, and working south; each division commander will send with his pioneers one regiment to protect the men while at work. The senior officer of the three regiments will command the whole. Have he details on the ground (left of General Wood's division) and at work by 3 a. m.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Kimball and Wood.)
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Morrow's Mill, August 31-9.30 p. m.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have reported my position to General Thomas, and will undoubtedly receive instructions from him. I have given orders to

