HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Couch's House, August 31, 1864.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Direct General Morgan to move with his division at once and take up a position on General Baird's right, on the east side of the Rough and Ready and Jonesborough road, so as to threaten the Macon railroad between Rough and Ready and Jonesborough. Threaten the enemy strongly, but do not push so far as to give him an advantage. In other words, do not go beyond supporting distance from General Howard, in case the enemy should turn on you. Endeavor to communicate with General Howard by your right and rear, giving him your position, and satisfying yourself with reference to his position on your right. You need not be under much apprehension as regards your left, as Generals Stanely and Schofield will be between you and Rough and Ready, and covering the only practicable wagon route between Rough and Ready and Jonesborough by which the enemy could move to attack you. I wish General Morgan to be in position before sunset. General Carlin will cover the trains completely at Renfroe Place.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Couch's House, August 31, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD:

GENERAL: General Schofield has possession of the railroad below Rough and Ready, and by this time is strongly fortified, and has already commenced the destruction of the railroad. Make your position strong, and then make a strong demonstration toward the road east of you early to-morrow morning. You need not have much apprehension as to your left, as Generals Schofield and Stanely will effectually cover you in that direction. Keep a sharp lookout toward your right and south, as the enemy still confronts General Howard. I have sent General Carlin to his relief, although I believe there is no necessity for it; so you will have to make the most of your four brigades. Handle them judiciously and energetically, and all will go well. If you think you will need more ammunition send for it to Renfroe's, and get it up by daylight to-morrow morning.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,At Renfroe's House, August 31, 1864.

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth Corps during to-day: In obedience to instructions received from General Sherman, during the night, I sent one of Carlin's brigades to take post at Renfroe's house to protect our trains ordered to that point, which it did at daylight. In compliance with

