
orders from Major-General Thomas, commanding, I ordered General Baird to take two brigades of his own division and one of General Morgan's and make a reconnaissance and demonstration on the railroad in front of our position at Couch's house. This movement has been successful, and General Baird's division, with one brigade of Morgan's division, are now in position holding the railroad east of Couch's house. A few minutes after 3 o'clock an order was received to recall General Morgan (who had previously been directed to move to the support of General Baird, with his other two brigades), and to place him in position at Renfroe's house, in order to relieve Carlin, who was ordered to move rapidly to the support of General Howard, commanding the Army of the Tennessee, near Jonesborough. These movements were promptly executed. About dark General Carlin's division returned, and I ordered it to take position, occupying the works which they had last night built and held.

In compliance with orders my trains have been moved from their position of last night and parked in the field in the rear of Renfroe's house, where my headquarters now are. My troops have been ordered to be ready to march to-morrow morning at daylight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Couch's House, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move the remainder of your division to Renfroe's, with your trains, and take position east of that point, thoroughly covering and securing the cross-road which there converges. General Baird has been directed with his division to make a strong reconnaissance and demonstration toward the railroad in front of his position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Couch's House, August 31, 1864.

General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Move at once to the support of General Howard, on the Jonesborough road. Send forward a staff officer to General Howard's headquarters to receive instructions where you are to go to take your position in line.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

