HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Couch's House, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that your order your reserve brigade to report at once to General Baird, to participate in a reconnaissance and demonstration which will be made this a. m. under his command to the front and right. General Carlin has been ordered to move his division to Renfroe's, and you will occupy and secure the works vacated by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Couch's House, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that with two brigades of your own division and one of General Morgan's, which will be ordered to report to you immediately, you make a reconnaissance and demonstration to the front and right of your present position toward the railroad above Jonesborough, in conformity with the following instructions from General Sherman, transmitted through General Thomas, which are copied for your instruction:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Ga., August 31, 1864.

General THOMAS:

* * * *

Order one of Davis' divisions down at once to Renfroe's, and move all your trains well to your right, so that you can rapidly fling your whole command over to Jonesborough. Then let Davis send out from his front, obliquely tot he right front, a strong skirmish line with supports, as though to reach the railroad three of four miles above Jonesborough. Have Stanley do the same toward, but below, Rough and Ready. Impress upon these commanders that it is not so necessary to have united lines, but rather columns of attack. We are not on the defensive, but offensive, and must risk everything rather than dilly-dally about. We must confuse the enemy. As soon as Schofield gets up I will pu him against Rough and Ready till he meets formidable resistance.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

The movement should begin immediately.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jeff C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Couch's House, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

I have just seen General Sherman, and he informed me that he desired you to push your reconnaissance with vigor. After crossing the creek you will deploy a heavy line of skirmishers, and push them forward to

