
the wagon road over which the enemy's wagon train was passing this morning. Should you meet with no great resistance push on to the railroad. Support your skirmish line well with reserves and artillery. Leave a brigade in a good position to cover the bridge over which you expect to return.

I am, very respectfully,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,August 31, 1864-3 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Kilpatrick made an attempt to get upon the railroad, but me with so strong resistance that he gave it up for daylight. He says Logan's center is about 800 yards from the depot. The town is to our right and the depot in the direct front. The Sixteenth Corps is on the west side of the river, and prolonging the line of Logan. The Seventeenth Corps did not get up; is three miles back. I intended to place it in position facing north, virtually prolonging Logan's left; it will move at daylight in the morning. My only exposure is in that direction. If you will push hard enough to prevent the enemy from striking me this side of Flint River it will be all right; my officers apprehend it more than I do. My information is that the enemy had here four brigades of infantry on our arrival, and more are coming. I understand your anxiety to get the road; no exertion will be spared as soon as we can see. The Seventeenth Corps will move up at daylight.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]

Generals Thomas and Schofield, read and return.

SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Poplar Springs, August 31, 1864.

This paper has been read, and your instructions will be carried out.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, August 31, 1864-6 a. m.

General O. O. HOWARD:

I have yours of 3 a. m. I am satisfied you have as many men as can operate at that point now. Let Kilpatrick reach well to the right, break the telegraph and take up a few rails, but I want you to get possession and fortify some one point of the road itself anywhere near Jonesborough. Davis is all ready with his whole corps to move to your assistance, and I will order him to feel forward toward a point north of Jonesborough. As soon as Schofield gets up I will put him and Stanely toward Rough

