
and Ready, and Garrard's cavalry down toward Fayetteville. We must have that road, and it is worth to us a heavy battle, and make good all the ground you have, and if your guns command any reach of the road it will be a great gain, but we want the road itself. Keep me fully advised, and I will see that you are supported either by direct help or by auxiliary attacks above and below you, but understand that my hope of success rests mainly with you. I am in the dead certainty of having heavy masses inc lose support, which are soon to be intrenched. Let your trains come down well, close to your bridge, and I will move a division of Davis' to the forks-Renfroe's-to cover that point.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,August 31, 1864-9.10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have sent Kilpatrick to the right with all his cavalry; he has secured a bridge over the Flint River about a mile from railroad. The enemy is showing troops down here with great rapidity, and preparing, I think, to attack Logan's position. I have strengthened Logan by a division of Ransom's on the right, by a brigade of General Blair's on the left. It seems to me that it would be better to push General Davis straight to Flint River on my left. He cannot be far off from me. I have a battery being put in position, which will fire straight into the depot at a range of 600 yards, and another position where the trains can be seen passing. I propose to keep at work at them, but do not think I could carry any point of Logan's front by assault. If the enemy will attack, as I think he will, that will simplify the matter.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

AUGUST 31, 1864-12.30 [p. m.]

General HOWARD:

Your dispatch is received. Of course, now an attack by you on Jonesborough is out of the question, but you can make that position impregnable, and we can operate beyond. Baird is now moving toward the road four miles north of you, and Schofield about the mills, which of course is the strongest part of the enemy's works. I expect Garrard's cavalry can be relieved of guarding Schofield's trains to-day, and I will send it to Kilpatrick. The enemy is too smart for us, and we may have to maneuver thus down to Macon. It may be that some accident will happen, of which we can take advantage. Get yours guns in position and damage trains passing, but it is useless to waste ammunition on the depot already reported burned by Kilpatrick. I cannot move the troops 100 yards without their stopping to intrench, though I have not seen an enemy. I have got Baird across Flint River about due east of this point. Thomas is at Renfroe's, and will come to your aid if you need him, but I think you have as many men as can operate at that point, and a soon as I can hear from Schofield further I will commence to move toward Griffin, the next accessible point. I have

