
given point. There were five batteries that I saw. The infantry and two of these batteries passed on through town toward Atlanta; the other three batteries were parked in town. The skirmish line in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps was heavily re-enforced. Their line of rear skirmishers was left very weak. No artillery left on the line that I could see. I remained at my station until 7 p. m. the rear of the enemy's column had just passed through town. I reported in person to the commanding general the condition of enemy's lines in his front.

As for myself, I went to the front of our corps and built a station on a tree; saw a brigade of the enemy (and several regimens) lying in an open field in front of First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. Proceeded to a battery in front of my station, and, with the aid of Lieutenant Fish, who was left on the three, I directed the shooting of our guns on rebel brigade, which caused great confusion and drove them out. They then reformed in column of regiments and moved to their front, with two batteries of artillery, apparently to make a charge on the right of the Fifteenth Corps. I then proceeded in person to the general commanding the corps and reported to him, and also to Major General O. O. Howard, all I had seen.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE,

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, on Flint River, August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General W. B. HAZEN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you push forward your skirmishers to-night, so as to cover as many of the enemy's dead as possible, and in the morning at daylight to advance your skirmish line for the purpose of ascertaining if the enemy are still in force in your front. The other division commanders have the same instructions.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, Ga., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. M. CORSE,

Commanding Second Division:

Major-General Howard, commanding department, directs that you push forward your pickets as far as possible to-night. The object is to ascertain what the enemy is doing, but not bring on an engagement. It is officially reported that General Thomas is on the railroad, two miles this side of Rough and Ready, and the general commanding department thinks that Hardee may withdraw from our front to-night. If he does he desires to be informed of the movement as soon as possible.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

