
and relieve the brigade of General Leggett's division there stationed. The brigade, on being relieved, will join its command. Major-General Dodge will move his other division down to the junction of the Howell's Ferry and Sandtown roads, where it will take up position.

By order of Major General James B. McPherson:

W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE, GA., July 7, 1864-11 a.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Garrard reports to me that he is in possession of Roswell, where were several valuable cotton and woolen factories in full operation, also paper-mills, all of which, by my order, he destroyed by fire. They had been for years engaged exclusively at work for the Confederate Government, and the owner of the woolen factory displayed the French flag; but as he failed also to show the United States flag, General Garrard burned it also. The main cotton factory was valued at a million of United States dollars. The cloth on hand is reserved for use of United States hospitals, and I have ordered General Garrard to arrest for treason all owners and employed, foreign and native, and send them under guard to Marietta, whence I will send them North. Being exempt from conscription, they are as much governed by the rules of war as if in the ranks. The women can find employment in Indiana. This whole region was devoted to manufactories, but I will destroy every one of them. Johnston is maneuvering against my right, and I will try and pass the Chattahoochee by my left. Ask Mr. Stanton not to publish the substance of my dispatches, for they reach Richmond in a day, and are telegraphed at once to Atlanta. The Atlanta papers contain later news from Washington than I get from Nashville. Absolute silence in military matters is the only safe rule. Let our public learn patience and common sense.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 7, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: By directions of the major-general commanding, you will please order your pontoon train party, with bridge, to report to General Schofield, near the mouth of Soap Creek, as early to-morrow as possible:also direct General Howard to send a regiment along up the river to connect with General Schofield, the bridge over Rottenwood Creek having been repaired.

I am, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

