HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Ga., August 31, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Brigadier General M. S. HASCALL,

Commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Cox got the railroad at 3 o'clock and Stanley joined him about 4. We are well intrenched and have the road secured. To-morrow promises to be a day of hard work, and I hope profitable, perhaps decisive. I want you to move down with two brigades and join Cox in the morning, leaving one brigade at the cross-roads beyond Huis' Mill, with orders to be ready to march at a moment's notice. General Garrard, with his cavalry, will move by Huis' Mill in the morning, and strike toward and above Rough and Ready, while Cox will move on the same place from his present position. As soon as they develop what is north of us the brigade you leave behind can probably join you. Please start as soon as you can see to march in the morning; come down the road by Johnson's to Morrow's Mill, then take the Rough and Ready road. Let your trains wait near Morrow's Mill for further orders. Time is important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,August 31, 1864.-1.10 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am at Thames' house. A little cavalry in front, making it necessary to deploy some skirmishers. It is one mile and a half to the railroad by nearest road, which forks about half a mile beyond to the left. It is half a mile farther by the right fork of the road. I suppose you desire me to take the right fork so as to keep near Fourth Corps. Mr. Thames says Stanley cannot strike the railroad less than three miles below where I shall reach it by the right-hand road.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,August 31, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Please push forward a brigade or more toward Rough and Ready in the morning to find what is there and destroy the track; also to assist General Garrard, who will approach the railroad at that point and open communication with you. He is to push in across the road and hold any force coming from Atlanta, while we move south. Start at dawn of day. Let our men understand how important is to-morrow's work. General Sherman express the highest gratification at what they have done to-day, and asks another big day's work to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

