
officers and men of the Ninety-second Illinois are alone entitled to all the praise for this successful exploit. Three regiments of my division were at once crossed and pushed into the right of the infantry, and made a deliberate effort to reach the road below Jonesborough. The enemy in front of my cavalry was driven to within 300 yards of the track, but we could not reach it, moving to my small force and the fact that it was quite dark. My people fell back to a strong position, and at daylight this a. m. recrossed the river. I will send you during the day a nominal list of casualties. As soon as Major-General Howard finds that his left flank is safe, by his directions I will cross the river below Jonesborough, and reach the railroad, if possible. One hour of daylight would have given me the road last evening.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Flint River, August 31, 1864.

Lieutenant DAVID F. HOW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Chief of Cavalry:

I have the honor to report that I forced a passage on the river half a mile below Jonesborough, drove in the enemy's picket directly in his rear to a point within half a mile of the town, dismounted an entire brigade, sent the horses back acrose the river, and held the position. Repulsed two determined attacks of rebel infantry, and only retired when nearly enveloped, as I have since been informed, by the rebel General Cleburne's entire division. The enemy forced me from the bank of the river, crossed on a bridge constructed by my people, attacked the Ninety-second Illinois in a position a few hundred yards from the river on the crest of the hill, was repulsed, and retired across the river. In the mean time Captain Qualman, Third Indiana Cavalry, with a strong force of picked men, dashed in on the railroad four miles below, effectually destroyed upward of fifty yards of track, burning the ties and bending the rails, and brought with him into camp about half a mile of telegraph wire. He lost 1 man killed. My people are now guarding all the roads leading from fords or bridges as far down as the point where the Jonesborough and Fayetteville road crossed the river. I will make every effort to learn the position, strength, and movements of the enemy, and keep you advised.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

NEAR JONESBOROUGH, GA., August 31, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Major-General Howard directs me to say that a large force of the enemy is in his front, quiet enveloping his position; that there are indications that the enemy is disposed to attack, and that consequently he cannot at present detach any portion of his command for the purpose

47 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

