
of operating with you. He desires you to make a dash upon the road and destroy the telegraph wire if possible. Just as soon as it can be done the infantry will be pushed over into the road.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,On Flint River, August 31, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel CLARK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your dispatch has been received. I have opened communication with your infantry on the right, which now occupies a position from a half to three-quarters of a mile from this point. The shells from one of your batteries reach the enemy's position, the left of which rests on the Fayetteville road, not quite half a mile from Jonesborough. I have a lookout upon a house overlooking the enemy's left. A small force of calvary is now passing down the railroad, with, it is thought, one piece of artillery and two covered wagons. No infantry can be seen on or passing to the right. Fearing that this force of cavalry was moving to intercept my men already sent to destroy the wire, I have ordered Colonel Jones, with his brigade, to attack in flank and hold them in check until the object of the expedition is accomplished. A train of cars is now passing south; brakemen can be sen on the cars, but no troops. The country on both sides of the river about this point is quite open. I have 100 men at a good ford one mile and a half below this point, and a sufficient force is at the bridge burned by the rebels five miles farther down. I expect the bridges are quite all burnt for a considerable distance down, but any of them can be repaired in a very short time. Our position is now so very near the railroad that any formidable force of calvary can strike it at pleasure.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 31, 1864.

Colonel D. C. MCCALLUM, Chattanooga:

The enemy as early as this morning were at Woodbury and McMinnville, and to-night were found in camp seven miles east of Wartrace. I do not think the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad safe for trains, but I think trains may yet safely run to Stevenson and by the way of Huntsville.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, August 31, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Our wires went down between La Vergne and Murfreesborough and near Decherd early this morning, so we have had no word from General Van Cleve, at Murfreesborough, or General Milroy, at Tullahoma. The enemy in small force have torn up the track this side of La Vergne, and

