
between there and Murfreesborough, doing but small damage. Citizens report hearing firing in direction of Murfreesborough during the day. Commanding officer at Columbia says that citizens from Shelbyville report fighting in direction of Wartrace, more likely Elk River. General Rousseau has gone out with force-my excuse for telegraphing.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, August 31, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Wheeler's forces captured a company of Tennessee cavalry at Lebanon yesterday morning. They were skirmished by General Van Cleve's scouts near Woodbury. A cavalry scout sent out from Duck River bridge drove in pickets of a heavy force of the enemy six miles east of that place yesterday evening. On yesterday the enemy attacked and drove in small force stationed at Tracy City, and destroyed a railroad bridge. Colonel Krzyzanowski reports the enemy at Jasper yesterday. The telegraph all north of Duck river was cut last night. I know not what damage, if any, has been done to the railroad north of that place, but will soon know. No trains from Nashville since 6 p. m. last night.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

P. S.-Later: Fighting reported at Decherd at 10.45 a. m.

R. H. M.

BRIDGEPORT, August 31, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

A member of the detachment of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry has brought the following communication:

TRACY CITY, August 31, 1864.

We had a fight yesterday with a detachment of Wheeler's brigade, and repulsed him. They claim to have had about 300 man. The enemy is reported to be about three-quarters of a mile from here, waiting for a piece of artillery. We can hold this place until we are re-enforced, unless they get artillery. We cannot get away without being captured by their cavalry. We have about thirty-five men and want help.

General, I am unable to send any re-enforcements from here. Can I request you for help for the troops at Tracy City? I have a pilot who can conduct the troops on a road about sixteen miles from this place.

An immediate answer most respectfully requested.

W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE ETOWAH,Chattanooga, August 31, 1864.

Colonel KRZYZANOWSKI, Bridgeport:

I sent a strong force of cavalry to the enemy's rear this morning, who will drive them from the vicinity of Tracy City to-morrow, if they do not leave sooner. I think they will hear of them, and leave to-night.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

