HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Jonesborough, September 1, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

In order that no doubt may exist as to future operations, I wish your army to press directly after the enemy southward with all the speed and vigor possible till we reached Griffin, where I will make new orders. I regret to learn that General Stanley remained to-day for hours on the railroad awaiting orders, when he heard firing heavy to his front and right. I may be in error, but such is reported to me by Captain Audenried and Captain Poe. I knew you had given him orders, and think we should not overlook it. I don't know why Stanley could not have pushed along the railroad while General Davis was heavily engaged, and absolutely enveloped the enemy in Jonesborough. Now he has time to fortify, and we may be compelled to modify all our plans. If General Stanley lost a minute of time when he should have been in action, I beg you will not overlook it, as it concerns the lives of our men and the success of our arms. General Davis' attack, though some hours later than I expected, was still spirited and good, and was measurably successful. I suppose now Stewart has made his junction, which improves our chances at Atlanta, but gives us harder work out here. Please renew your orders to General Slocum to make a dash at Atlanta before the enemy has time to haul off the artillery and stores.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, September 1, 1864. (Received 7.30 p. m.)

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you complete the adjustment of your lines to-night, closing well upon the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and move upon the enemy's works at daylight in the morning (to-morrow). Unless you receive contradictory orders, you will move in conjunction with the Fourteenth Corps.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864-7.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that I commenced to tear up the railroad this morning at 3 o'clock where I struck the road yesterday, and have destroyed it up the point where my right now rests, save about 400 yards of track torn up by General Baird. At 3.30 p. m. I received orders from Major-General Thomas to push forward for Jonesborough. About two miles from Jonesborough I commenced to deploy part of my force to try and outflank the enemy and favor General Davis' assault. Kirby's and Grose's brigades, of the First Division, were advanced, with Taylor's brigade in reserve, and on the left Newton's division was

