
deployed and advanced. Wood's division was massed in reserve. We drove the enemy about half a mile, but we could not get p to their works in time to storm them before dark, on account of the great difficulty the troops experienced in getting through the dense jungle in their front. Kirby found the enemy in strong works. Grose reports that they are in works in his front, and that there is an almost impassable ravine before him. Newton's skirmishers report that they saw works, but I do not believe this. Our lines face nearly southwest. I have sent to see whether Schofield has advanced on my left. I do not believe he is on a line with me, and I will look out for my own left.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Morrow's Mill, Ga., September 1, 1864.

General KIMBALL:

GENERAL: The corps will march immediately for Jonesborough. General Kimball's division will lead, marching on the railroad. General Newton will follow Kimball. General Wood, with his division, will take the main Griffin road, taking with him all the artillery except two pieces, which will accompany General Kimball on the railroad. General Wood will be careful not to get in advance of the column moving down the railroad, and will keep a strong advance well out in his front.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Newton and Wood.)
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864-6 a. m.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you evacuate your position, and move your command to this place at once. The division is ordered to move immediately.

By order of Brigadier-General Newton:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, 4TH ARMY CORPS,

September 1, 1864.

General WAGNER, Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions just received from corps headquarters, you will be prepared to move upon the enemy's works at daylight to-morrow. Make every preparation to-night to carry out this order; distribute sixty rounds of ammunition per man. The ammunition train will be found near these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Newton:

J. S. RANSOM,

Captain, &amp;c.

P. S.-You will send in a report of casualties sustained to-day sometime to-night.

