HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Renfroe's, Ga., September 1, 1864.

Major-General DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move at once, with General Morgan's division and two brigades of General Carlin's division, and join General Baird. You will then move in support of General Howard's left, supporting Baird as you approach Jonesborough, and while he is destroying the railroad. The brigade of Carlin, which is detached, will remain at this point to protect your train against any movement of the enemy from the direction of fayetteville. If you can get into position quicker by following the Jonesborough road and taking post on Howard's left, you are at liberty to do so.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mrs. Smith's House, near Rough and Ready Road,

September 1, 1864.

Brigadier General W. P. CARLIN,

Commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The following instructions from the major-general commanding are furnished for your guidance:

The general commanding directs that you move at once, with General Morgan's division and two brigades of General Carlin's division, and join General Baird. You will then move in support of General Howard's left, supporting Baird as you approach Jonesborough, and while he is destroying the railroad.

Your division will form the advance of the column moving down the Rough and Ready road. Jonesborough us represented as being five miles from this point. You will advance along it two or two and a half miles, select a good position, and form your lines facing Jonesborough. Throw out flankers well to your right and left, particularly the latter. General Morgan will follow you and will be prepared to support you. Move vigorously and report frequently. General Davis will be found at this point or along the Rough and Ready road. Move as soon as your troops are rested.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jef. C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Renfroe's House, September 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

You will move your division to the position of General Baird as contemplated in your orders yesterday, following General Carlin, who is now moving to that point.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jef. C. Davis:

A. C. MCCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

