HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,July 7, 1864.

Major J. C. McCOY,

Aide-de-Camp:

Some of my men, four or five, got to the other bank of the river yesterday evening. This afternoon I sent a small party of the First Tennessee to attempt a crossing; the enemy permitted them to reach the middle of the river, when they opened so briskly with artillery and musketry that they could not get across. I have possession of an island near the middle of the river where everything they do on the opposite bank can be observed. A ford is reported some six or seven miles above here only knee-deep and practicable for infantry. I have sent officers up to examine it and report. So soon as they return I will send you the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. M. McCOOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,July 7, 1864. (Received 2.30 p.m.)

Captain LE ROY:

Agreeably with the directions of the general commanding, I sent a small party to get possession of the island above Powers' Ferry, with the design of crossing the river. The party (from First Tennessee) was allowed to reach the middle of the stream, when the enemy opened upon them in such force that the officer in command returned. As the ford was ascertained to be very rocky, I did not think best to renew the attempt.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. DORR,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,July 7, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army:

GENERAL: I have nothing special to report. All day to-day I have been inspecting the country near here and find I can take position to advantage north of Roswell and about two miles from the town, and command all the roads between that place and the Etowah, which lead toward the railroad, leaving McCook's division to look after the part from the paper-mills to Pace's Ferry. I think I will move early to-morrow. I have [not] seen nor heard of any of the enemy this side of McAfee's Bridge, eighth miles up the river. The only good ford I can hear of is just at this point. The Island Ford, three miles above, is good for footmen, but no roads lead to it or from it, and on the other side it is thick woods and very hilly and two miles over to the Atlanta road. This ford could be used to secure the lower one, but not for artillery, cav-

