
fog and smoke rose I discovered enemy's line of skirmishers had been advanced about fifty yards. At 12.30 p.m. I discovered two trains of cars moving toward Macon; appeared to the empty. A few minutes after a column of infantry passed from their left to right. There were three regiment in the column. In a short time the line in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps was weakened by removing men enough to cover the front lately occupied by the three regiments. Shortly after the Army of the Cumberland became engaged another column of five regiments moved from their left to right. This column was nicely shelled by a battery in Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps. I also discovered the enemy driving their beef-cattle through town; were going in a hurry. I assisted a battery of Napoleon guns in Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps in getting the range of enemy's rifle-pits. They did some good firing, driving the enemy from their works in great confusion. During the latter part of the day I reported to Captain Hoover verbally, and also to Lieutenant Edge. My tree was in plain view of the enemy's skirmishers, and the men in two of their pits made me their target, firing a good many shots at me, two of which struck the tree but a short distance from me. I was out of the tree only time enough to take my dinner, and remained there until too dark to see anything.

As for myself, I sent by an order of the general commanding the corps, an officer to the station early in the morning, and as soon as I could make it convenient I went to the front myself. After taking a good look at everything, I proceeded to a battery in front and directed the shelling of the rebel lines. Then I returned and reported to the general commanding the corps. At 2 p.m. I went to the front again: found the enemy again at work; proceeded to battery and directed the firing, which stopped the rebels working and drove them out of their works. I then returned to the tree station to assist Lieutenant Fish, where I remained till dark.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL EDGE

First Lieutenant and Chief Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 1, 1864-5 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL; I will waive for the time being my own opinion on the question of rank, and act heartily in accordance with your decision. All is quiet here so far. Our men are at work on the railroad.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,&amp;C.,Near Jonesborough, September 1, 1864-8.20 a.m.

General SCHOFIELD:

I have your note of 5 a.m. and think my decision as to rank is the law, but I am none the less obliged for your prompt and cordial assent to my conclusions. In promising to keep the three armies separate as far as possible, I do as much as you can expect. Howard assents to my proposition. I have just ordered a sketch of Howard's position which I send with this, and shall expect you and Stanley pretty soon. Davis is moving into position now. Thomas is at Renfroe's, and I will be in this neighborhood to-day. I think you will find plenty of roads along down the railroad, also from any point of it across to us. All the people hereabouts know the main stream, which is on our map as Crooked Creek, as Flint River, but up above Jonesborough it

48 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

