
from Garrard since he reached Rough and Ready this morning. Doubtless you have later information. Cox spent some time in waiting for him to get on the road, but the time was not lost, for Cox overtook Stanley before he had begun to deploy. We have made the destruction of the road very thorough. My headquarters are near the railroad where the Flat Rock road strikes it.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General

P. S. - I received your dispatch from Howard's headquarters at 2.30 p.m.

J. M. S.

HOWARD'S HEADQUARTERS,

September 1, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

I have yours announcing the destruction up, including Rough and Ready. I want all your troops down on Stanley's left, and the cavalry very far to Atlanta. Slocum is ordered to watch Atlanta from the bridge. If there be anything more at Jonesborough than Hardee's and Lee's corps nobody knows it, and we have here plenty of prisoners from these two corps and no others. These corps are not intrenched farther than a straight barricade this side of and parallel to the railroad. If Stewart comes down he will come round by Decatur and McDonough. By moving quick we can prevent this, and that is one reason. Inasmuch as your troops, have pushed the enemy beyond Rough and Ready, let Cox follow Hascall at once, keeping your corps in the nature of a strong left flank, prepared to swing round east of the railroad. I sent you a sketch showing Howard's position. Hardee cannot move south now without our seeing him, and if all of our army is concentrated on him we should make quick work. Hardee reports 35,000 men, but no one believes he has more than 20,000. Howard disabled 4,000, and has the dead and a great many wounded. Two hundred and fifty will cover his whole loss. The prisoners say they were assured before the attack that we had no intrenchments, whereas the trenches were good and strong.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Jones' House, September 1, 1864.

General COX,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to please inform him as soon as General Garrard comes up to you. General Hascall is at this point with his division.

Very respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

The bearer will bring the answer.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

