HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO

In the Field, September 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General COX, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that General Hascall is now moving down the railroad in rear of the Fourth Corps and he wishes you to follow as a rear guard, moving on the main wagon road running on the right-hand side of the railroad, your trains in front. He desires the trains to move forward at once, and the troops when General Garrard shall have arrived.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - The general directs me to add that if you find at any time that General Hascall's rear is in advance he wishes you to put a small force to move on the railroad to act as rear guard there.

Respectfully,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to have your command in readiness to move at 6 a.m. to-morrow. Detailed instructions will be given you before that hour.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Hascall.)

Statement of George M. Rose (scout).
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL.

September 1, 1864.

Left camp yesterday morning; went down the East Point and Fayetteville road. At Thornton's five miles north of Fayetteville, overtook four of the enemy's scouts. About one mile and half farther, ward came upon their rear; learned from one of the party that twenty-five of them belonged to Armstrong's command and the balance to the Second Mississippi Cavalry. The latter had just arrived from Powder Springs, where they had been stealing horses. One lieutenant and five men remained at this place, Favor's house, all night; the balance went to Jonesborough yesterday evening. Saw no troops at Fayetteville, except a few scouts; one of these said Hardee and Lee's corps of infantry and two brigades of cavalry were at Jonesborough; could not learn who was in command. Returning, left Fayetteville about 10 o'clock last night and came back on the main F[ayette] and E[ast] P[oint] road. Found the same picket at Favor's house and none this side of there. Talked with citizens at Fayetteville and on the road and think the strength of our force here is not known.

