
NASHVILLE, September 1, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

General Rousseau encountered the enemy to-night on the Murfreesborough pike near the insane asylum. He don't know what force. Beyond Antioch the road appeared to be burning for a distance of from two to four miles. A prisoner just captured says there are parts of the three divisions this side of Murfreesborough,an that Wheeler commands in person. It is generally believed that the larger force is south of Murfreesborough. There are very few available troops here, and the general is out with a small force. I will send your dispatch offering assistance as early as I can, but I have no doubt it would be very acceptable to the general.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, September 1, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

Am here with 3,000 infantry; will reach you as soon as possible. Telegraph to me at Tullahoma.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 1, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Two hours after sun-up to-day General Rousseau sent in a courier with dispatch from ten miles out on Murfreesborough pike, saying he had met the enemy in force under Wheeler himself and was fighting him, and that he was satisfied Wheeler's force largely exceeded his own.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 1, 1864-3.30 p.m.

[General ROUSSEAU:]

DEAR GENERAL: Your note just received. We are getting the quartermaster's men armed, also the nurses and convalescents in hospital. These, with 500 men of the commissary department, will make us strong. We will make a good fight if the enemy leave your front and come against the town, which I do not think they will undertake. Give them enough of it in your own style.

Truly, yours,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Granger is all right, so we need fear no demonstration from that direction. I have telegraphed to Steedman to move up rapidly from his side.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

Scout from Florence has just returned. Did not meet with the 100 men from Tennessee brigade. Met the enemy near Bainbridge Ferry yester-

