
CHATTANOOGA, September 1, 1864,

Major-General SHERMAN:

I will assist General Rousseau to open road to Nashville with 4,000 men. I started cavalry yesterday morning by way of Sequatchie Valley, and leave this morning with infantry by rail to Decherd.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 1, 1864 l-3 p.m.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Wheeler's whole force is now this side of Murfreesborough. Major-General Rousseau is skirmishing with them ten miles out. Force of rebels reported at Lebanon. Nothing from Forrest and artillery. High water on Tennessee has probably prevented their crossing to co-operate with Wheeler. Nothing from Sherman for some days.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, ALA., September 1, 1864.

(Received 2d.)

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:

Wheeler's forces reported near Franklin, and on road from Murfreesborough to Columbia. Roddey has crossed at Bainbridge with 2,000 men and five or six pieces of artillery. Lines down between here and Nashville. I have been trying to get transportation for 2,000 men and two pieces of artillery to move to such points on the road as required assistance. It has not come. I have been re-enforcing General Starkweather with such forces as I can get to him on a construction train. I have sent to Sulphur trestle two pieces of artillery and four companies, and to Elk River bridge Third Tennessee, Seventy-third Indiana, and two pieces of artillery. As soon as I can get the One hundred and second Ohio I will go up the road myself, though I am looking for a tap between this and Stevenson. A number of boats are reported crossing at Bainbridge to-day. General Starkweather now reports 600 cavalry and three pieces of artillery one mile and half from Sulphur trestle. Very latest. Fire burning on track four miles north of Franklin.

R. S. GRANGER.

Brigadier-General.

Instructions to Division Commanders.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864-7.30 p.m.

GENERAL: Orders have been received from department headquarters for this corps to move upon the enemy's works at daylight in the morning, in conjunction with the Fourteenth Army Corps. Readjust your lines and make every preparation to-night to carry out this order. Distribute plenty of ammunition to your men to-night.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Generals Kimball, Newton and Wood.)

