
and went across to the Alabama road, Rousseau following. The enemy is now on the Alabama and the Northwestern roads. Fear he will do serious mischief at the latter. Think he has not destroyed important	 bridge on the other two. We can take care of Nashville, but may not be able to capture the enemy's force. All well here.

J. D. WEBSTER

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, September 2, 1864-4 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

At 2 a.m. I heard heavy firing and saw a large fire in the direction of Atlanta. I have just heard more firing seemingly nearer. Garrard is to our rear, with orders to cover us from all approach from that quarter. I have not yet clearly ascertained if Stewart is with the army in Jonesborough but think he may have swung around Stanley and come in front the east. If so, any force approaching our rear would not be very formidable, though we must be prepared. I think you had better move your headquarters and trains in near your rear, where the trains will be less exposed, and if Schofield's trains be near Renfroe's, as I suppose them to be, you had better order them down to Flint River nearer Howard's left on Davis' right. Schofield is across the railroad, massed on Stanley's left but I have ordered him if any danger approach our rear he must go and meet it. In the mean time you had better send a strong picket up the road to Couch's to guard that point till your trains are close into your troops. I think Garrard can cover the roads, yet he may not know them.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION, OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 2, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Sherman desires that you will leave General Davis' corps at the north of Jonesborough for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. WILLARD

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Lovejoy's, Ga., September 2, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Until we hear from Atlanta the exact truth, I do not care about your pushing your men against breast-works. Destroy the railroad well up to your lines; keep skirmishers well up, and hold your troops in hand for anything that may turn up. As soon as I know positively that our troops are in Atlanta I will determine what to do. I have ordered General Schofield to feel for the McDonough road, to prevent re-enforcements coming to the enemy from that direction.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN.

Major-General, Commanding.

