HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Two miles from Lovejoy's Station, Ga.,

September 2, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

We are about two miles from Lovejoy's Station. The enemy is about one mile this side of the same and about half a mile this side of the McDonough and Fayette road. We can see them busily fortifying. They have a good line already. I think their object is to hold this road to make a junction with troops at McDonough. I also think Lee's corps is expected from that direction. I am now deploying skirmishers and will push forward with my whole force.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS

Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 2, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 5 a.m. I started after the enemy, who retreated from my front last night, arriving at Jonesborough at 5.30 a.m. I awaited orders to proceed, and received them at 7.30 a.m. when I started down the railroad. At 12 m. I arrived within about two miles of Lovejoy's where we met the enemy. Seeing that he had a strong position, and was behind earth-works, I commenced to deploy my troops and make preparations to advance on the left of the railroad, while the Army of the Tennessee advanced on the right. All of my command was deployed, and part o it in single line. At 3.20 p.m. General Howard sent me word that he had just given the orders to advance, and I at once ordered my division commanders to press forward and take the enemy's works if possible. The Second Division passed through a dense jungle, while the First and Third Divisions passed through an almost impassable swamp, through deep ravines, and over steep ridges. I have never seen the enemy take a stronger position or one of more difficult approach. On the left we reached the enemy's works, and the Third Division assaulted them at 5.30 p.m. It was impossible to reach them at an earlier hour. In this assault Knefler's brigade, Third Division got into the works, but could not hold them. Kimball, who was on the extreme left, was unable to take the works, being exposed to a heavy cross-fire of artillery. Newton's division did [not] progress much as the Army of the Tennessee did not move up. General Schofield was one mile in the rear when we assaulted the works, but he now connects with my left. I think the enemy's right this evening is about the center of my left division. Knefler's loss was very severe. Captain Miller, his assistant adjutant-general, and an aide-de-camp, were killed. General Wood was wounded, and Colonel Post took command of the division. Colonel Anderson, Nineteenth Ohio, was severely wounded.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

