HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Lovejoy's, September 2, 1864. (Received 8.30 p.m.)

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that to-night you break the railroad thoroughly for a distance of one mile to you rear. To-morrow morning at daylight press with your entire line upon the enemy's position, and if you think it practicable assault them.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 2, 1864-8.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

Your note dated September 2 instructing me to thoroughly destroy a mile of railroad track to-night, and then at daylight to-morrow morning to press the enemy with my entire line for the purpose of making an assault if practicable, was received at 8.30 this p.m. My troops are all deployed close up to the enemy in dense woods, and it will be impossible to withdraw them to break the road to-night. I examined the enemy's works closely this evening, and I do not think they can be successfully assaulted. I tried it this afternoon. After the hard climbing and working through the entanglements this afternoon, my troops are nearly exhausted.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

P. S. -They are also constructing breast-works to-night.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Jonesborough, September 2, 1864.

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your corps is to form the rear guard to the entire army during its farther march south until further orders. The Major-General commanding directs that you form your line facing north and across the roads leading through here from Atlanta, with your picket-line along the line of the rebel breast-works from which you drove them last night. Brigadier-General Garrard's division of cavalry will cover your front and give you timely information of any movements of the enemy from the direction of Atlanta and on your flanks. Your train can be parked in Jonesborough. You will probably march on to-day or to-morrow. From information received Hardee's corps, with some militia, has gone to Lovejoy's Station, and the other portion of the army which was here, back to Atlanta. Two negroes just from Atlanta report that General consternation at the time they left.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

