HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864

Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he desires you to at once order your corps of pioneers to report to Colonel Flad, Army of the Tennessee, by him to be set to work destroying the railroad. You will also issue orders for the arrest of all straggling soldiers without arms, citizens following the army and those on no apparent duty, who will be disposed of by Colonel Flad in destroying the railroad; also your troops will, after they have rested this afternoon, destroy the road back from your present position to where General Baird left it broken yesterday.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. RAMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General, and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: At an early hour this morning my pickets were pushed to the front from position on the battle-field of yesterday. They found no enemy. After issuing three days' rations to the men my corps was moved into position near Jonesborough as follows: Morgan in advance taking position near the depot, followed by Carlin's and Baird's divisions. Here I received orders from the general commanding to halt and form my lines facing northward and crossing the railroad, and in the future movements of the army southward my corps was to act as rear guard. The trains of the corps were moved from their former position and all were parked near this place by 4 p.m. Colonel Taylor's brigade, forming the guard to the trains, reported here at sunset. In compliance with orders a regiment for pioneer duty reported to Colonel Flad, of the Army of the Tennessee, to assist in the destruction of the railroad. A part of General Baird' command was engaged all day tearing up the road in accordance with orders received from General Thomas in person. A part of General Morgan's division will be detailed for the same duty to-morrow. No casualties are reported. This report has been delayed by the non-reception of any report of operations from General Baird.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Two miles south of Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Sherman requests me to state that he is very anxious to know the particulars of the capture of Atlanta. As we have rumors to the effect that you now occupy that city, he wishes you

