
to send your dispatch to him in cipher. He also requests that you telegraph to Major-General Halleck at the War Department, Washington, that he, General Sherman is strongly posted on the Macon railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. KELLY,

First Lieutenant Fourth Cavalry, U. S. Army, and Chief of Couriers.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Chattahoochee Bridge, Ga., September 2, 1864-2.30 a.m.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division;

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you send out as soon as possible this morning a reconnoitering party toward Atlanta, to ascertain where and what the firing is. Parties have been ordered out from Second and Third Divisions, but they will not get started as soon as you. The general desires to get as early information as possible, and has ordered twenty men of his escort to report to you for messengers.

I am, general, very respectfully your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.]

Colonel PERKINS:

COLONEL: Direct General Geary to move all his command, except one brigade, to Atlanta. He must hold the right of his line, leaving the artillery on the hill. Direct Williams to move all, except one brigade distributing the remaining brigade along his line. Send forward what artillery can be spared.

Yours, respectfully,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Send an engine over the railroad at once.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1864. (Received 1 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The city authorities have surrendered to my reconnoitering party, and my troops now occupy the same (Atlanta).

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twentieth Army Corps:

As my troops took Atlanta, courtesy, if not justice to me, demands that I may be permitted to occupy the same. If not inconsistent with the public interest, I desire to be permitted to move my division to

