HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, September 2, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have strong evidence that the enemy blew up his magazines and abandoned Atlanta to General Slocum. If this be so, it is unnecessary for us to go farther at this stage. I have parties breaking up the railroad from Jonesborough to our lines, and to-morrow wish you to feel for the McDonough road, so as to command it if possible, but keep up strong connection with General Stanley and do not assault works of the enemy. If he gives you a fair chance punish him. I have couriers back to ascertain the exact state of affairs in Atlanta, and will be governed by what I hear.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 2, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: After a long and most tedious march over all sorts of roads, I was barely able to get one division in position on Stanley's left some time after dark. My artillery and trains are not even yet off the road. I found the country roads, by which I was compelled to march, very crooked and difficult. No enemy except cavalry pickets appeared on my flank during the day. I gained no positive information of the enemy's movements, but all reports corroborate the one I sent you this morning about the retreat from Atlanta, destruction of property, &amp;c. General Garrard informs me he sent a regiment to the McDonough road and struck a rear guard retreating southward, but it was too strong for him to attack, I have just received your dispatch of 8 p.m. and will feel out for the McDonough road in the morning. I understand you to mean the road from Fosterville to McDonough. Please inform me if I am not right. I think I can reach that road if Lee does not come in on Hardee's right to-night. But the country is very open in that direction and hence it will be difficult to make any move not in plain view of the enemy without detaching my corps some distance from Stanley. But I will examine the ground carefully and proceed with due caution.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, September 2, 1864-11.20 p.m.

General SCHOFIELD:

Yours of 9.30 is received. The road want to watch is the one indicated as from McDonough to Fosterville, but there will be one to Lovejoy's also, from the nature of things. What I want to know is, is the stand made at Lovejoy's a prearranged thing or mere accident? If the latter, a junction should be prevented; if the former, it demonstrates a

