
more formidable position that its mere appearance would indicate. Keep up your connection with Stanley, but try to prevent or delay a concentration of the rebel army in our front. Nothing positive from Atlanta, and that bothers me.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864-4.15 a.m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say to you that he had the following instructions from General Sherman, viz: "If Stewart's corps has passed down from Atlanta and joined Hood at Jonesborough, you may order Garrard up to act with you around the south o Jonesborough,but if there be anything to our rear, keep him, holding all roads by which Hardee or Hood can receive re-enforcements from the rear. At all events call Garrard down close up, that he may be in reach if needed. " He therefore desires you to inform him exactly where your troops are; give him all information you have in regard to Stewart's movements, and take steps to ascertain the facts in regard to it. It is his impression that Stewart has joined Hood. Your forces are probably much farther away now than is desirable should they be needed east and south of Jonesborough. He desires me also to inform you that our troops are mostly in line of battle confronting the enemy in Jonesborough . These headquarters are near the track, four miles by rail from that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. SCHOFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

P. S. - The general wishes to know where you locate the firing or explosions heard since 1 o'clock this morning, and what it appears to have been.

Please keep in hourly communication with these headquarters during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. SCHOFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery and Ordnance.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1864.

General COX:

We are to pursue parallel to the railroad. Hascall is on the Jonesborough and McDonough road, about two miles from Jonesborough and is about starting south. You may join him by taking the first road to the right; it is only about one mile and a half. Probably Reilly had better follow Hascall.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General.

