HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. W. SCHOFIELD, Headquarters Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: Yesterday every one said (prisoners and citizens) that Stewart's corps and militia were in Atlanta and East Point; also that Armstrong's brigade cavalry [was] near East Point; also that a large train of wagons passed down toward Jonesborough under guard of cavalry night before last. The regiment which went toward East Point met considerable opposition about two miles this side of East Point, and quarters train crossed the Jonesborough road, and covering roads to rear and toward East Point. No roads to my knowledge leave the railroad to the east this side of Rough and Ready, and I cannot tell what may be the movements of the enemy until I find some road leading east near this point. It would be impossible to prevent re-enforcements reaching Hood from Atlanta, as there are plenty of roads bearing east from that place, and then cross-roads in the neighborhood of McDonough to Jonesborough. The firing seemed in the direction of Atlanta, but whether it was from guns or some explosions could not be ascertained, though several of us listened to determine. I will order my command under saddle and report in person to the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 2, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 5.40 p.m.)

Major General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

I have a brigade of 4,000 quartermaster's men organized under arms, and the spirit of officers and men is admirable. I reviewed them last evening with General Miller, commanding post, and he was exceedingly pleased with their appearance. In a point they can defend Nashville alone. Last evening Rousseau engaged Wheeler about four miles this side of La Vergne and drove him. It is said he is making for the Tennessee and Alabama road at Franklin to destroy it, and perhaps threaten our communication by the Cumberland River. Steedman is said to be at Murfreesborough with 3,000 infantry and cavalry.

J. L. DONALDSON.

Colonel, Chief Quartermaster.

CHATTAHOOCHEE RIVER, September 2, 1864.

(Received 10 p.m.)

Major-General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Atlanta taken; abandoned by Stewart last night, after destroying his stores and ammunition, five engines and train of cars. Stewart was in command of Hood's old corps, and held the city, while General Sherman is said by the citizens, to have fought and whipped Hood near East Point, on the line of the Macon road, cutting the rebel army in two. Stewart will have trouble to rejoin Hood. Hardee killed. Enemy's loss estimated by the citizens very heavy. Our losses not known. Not yet in communication with Sherman.

W. G. LE DUC

