
ATLANTA, GA., September 3, 1864-9.30 p.m.

(Received 4.30 p.m. 4th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Sherman, with his entire army, except this corps, is near Jonesborough, on the Macon road. Hood's army is south of him, except the troops left in Atlanta, consisting of militia and about one division of old troops. These troops, when they evacuated this place, took the McDonough road, and will probably effect a junction with their main army. Sherman has captured 2 batteries and 2,000 prisoners. The enemy on, evacuating destroyed 7 locomotives and 81 cars, loaded with ammunition, small-arms, and stores, and left here 14 pieces of artillery, most o them uninjured and a large number of small-arms. We have taken 200 prisoners, and deserters are constantly coming into our lines. We have on hand a good supply of ammunition, subsistence stores, and clothing. I earnestly hope that paymasters may be sent here as soon as possible, as some of my command have not been paid for eight months.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Lovejoy's Station, September 3, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Move all the stores forward from Allatoona and Marietta to Atlanta. Take possession of all good buildings for Government purposes, and see they are not used as quarters. Advise the people to quit now. There can be no trade or commerce now until the war is over. Let Union families go to the North with their effects, and secesh families move on. All cotton is tainted with treason, and no title in it will be respected. It must all go to Nashville as United States property, and pretended claimants may collect testimony for the pursuit of the proceeds of sale after they reach the U. S. Treasury in money.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 3, 1864-2.30 p.m.

(Received 6 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Telegram for General A. J. Smith received.* Do not know where he is. General Rousseau has fought Wheeler two days, driving him. Wheeler came within fifteen miles of this city, on the Chattanooga road, of which he destroyed some miles, but no important bridges. It can soon be repaired. Night before last he crossed over to the Alabama road, where General Rousseau had heavy skirmishing with him. Yesterday Wheeler retreated toward Columbia; is now across the West Harpeth, below Franklin, Rousseau pursuing. Rebel General Kelly is mortally wounded, and in our hands. Our loss is not heavy. If General Stedman can get upon time on the other side Wheeler can be cap-

---------------

*See p. 789.

---------------

