
quired to transport the stores now on hand. These wagons will be loaded with the captured arms in your possession and the cotton captured in Jonesborough. Your sick and wounded who are able to travel will be, sent back at the same time, and the whole guarded by a brigade to be detailed by yourself. The prisoners now in your hands you will send to Atlanta in charge of this brigade. You will direct the trains and commanding officer of the brigade to report to Major-General Slocum, commanding at Atlanta, and remain there until further orders. Direct your ordnance officer to retain charge of the captured arms until he can turn them over properly to the chief of ordnance of the department. All prisoners now at these headquarters will this a.m. be sent to be forwarded with the others.

Very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. LANGLEY,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Second Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Your brigade having been detailed as an escort for prisoners of war, and the trains containing sick and wounded which are to be sent back to Atlanta, you will immediately start with the prisoners, march a little beyond the hospitals of the corps, take position covering them and encamp for the night. To-morrow morning at daylight you will take charge of the whole and march to Atlanta, reporting to Major-General Slocum, commanding at that place. You will exercise great caution and care, and move as rapidly as the condition of the sick and wounded men will admit. The general commanding thinks you can reach Atlanta to-morrow night.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that no change has taken place in the general position of my lines to-day. During the early part of the morning two regiments from the First Division were engaged tearing up the railroad until the order was of two regiments from the same division, under command of Colonel William B. Anderson, Sixtieth Illinois, moved out six miles in the direction of McDonough to Lee's Mill. They communicated with General Garrard's cavalry, but obtained little intelligence of the enemy, and did not communicate with the Twenty-third Corps. In compliance with instructions, I have ordered my sick and wounded to be prepared to move at daylight to-morrow to Atlanta, together with all the prisoners of war captured by my command and those turned over to me by Colonel Parkhurst, under guard of the Third Brigade, Second Division, which has been detailed to ac-

