
company them to Atlanta. I will have the wounded rebel prisoners, in hospitals in the vicinity of Jonesborough, removed to this place to-morrow morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 3, 1864. - For Slocum to Whipple (two dispatches), reporting occupation of Atlanta, &amp;c., see Part II, p. 20.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Lovejoy's Station, September 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you assume command at Atlanta and the fortifications around the place, and move up from the Chattahoochee your entire corps, with the exception of one brigade, which you will leave at the railroad bridge. The guard at Pace's Ferry will be withdrawn. You will direct the proper officers to take charge of and account for such property as may be found there, have the town thoroughly policed, and permit no one to take quarters there, except upon the orders of General Sherman, General Thomas, or yourself. You will direct Colonel Wright to repair the railroad into the town. The troops will be disposed in the fortifications for defense.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga.,, September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL; The major-general commanding directs that you bring the whole of your division to this point. Colonel Harrison has been ordered to occupy and hold the bridge-heads on the south side of the Chattahoochee, where your brigade is now posted.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,

Atlanta, Ga., September 3, 1864

Colonel H. BOUGHTON,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to instruct you to move your brigade forward to this place, starting to-morrow morning at an early hour. Your command will be relieved by Colonel Harrison; still your movements need not be delayed by him. You may send him word, however, upon receipt of this at

