
what hour you expect to move. Upon arriving at the eastern end of the town, say the termination of Decatur street, you will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel THOMSON,

Commanding Detachment Third Brigade:

The brigadier-general commanding desires that you place to two regiments of Third Brigade under your command in the trenches on the left of General Ruger's brigade. If possible extend your lien so as to cover the Peach Tree Creek road. If you cannot make a continuous line so far, put three or four companies on that road where it cuts the breast-works, and obstruct the road if not already obstructed. You can get into this position at any hour before dark.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 3, 1864.

Colonel BENJAMIN HARRISON

Commanding at Chattahoochee River:

COLONEL; The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered General Williams' troops all forward to this point, and also General Geary's. He directs that you send one regiment to hold the bridge-heads on the south side of the Chattahoochee at the railroad ferry and a company to hold Pace's Ferry. At the latter bridge you cant make up about fifty feet of the flooring from the south end of the bridge, which a guard of a company at the north end will make safe. The bridge at Turner's Ferry is to be taken up, and the dismounted cavalry, under Colonel Capron, are to hold the ford, being posted on the north side of the river. He further directs that your order forward to this point all the stragglers and convalescents you have now in charge, with such guard as may be necessary, with instructions to report to Colonel Cogswell, commandant of the post. You will afford the different departments every facility for loading stores that are to be transferred from your post to this point.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY,. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp two miles and a half from Lovejoy's, September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD:

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you take up your position south of the road from Jonesborough to Flat Rock and cover-

