
ing it. You will observe well the roads leading toward McDonough, and have your scouting parties advance as far as that place; ascertain, if possible, the movements and intentions of the enemy, reporting the same promptly to these headquarters. A wagon train will leave Jonesborough to-morrow morning for Atlanta. Prevent any of the enemy's cavalry from getting onto that road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 3, 1864

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my division is to the rear and east (left) of Jonesborough, covering the roads leading to that place. The party I sent to Atlanta has not returned to my headquarters, and I cannot report state of affairs there. The parties sent out to the east gained no new information, but confirm what I reported through one of my staff officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

K. GARRARD

Brigadier-General.

I would report the position of my headquarters, but cannot fix it nearer than a mile from the Jonesborough and Stockbridge road, and between that and the Jonesborough and McDonough road.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the following information to report which I am confident is accurate. On the 1st of September Lee's corps left Jonesborough at daylight and moved toward Atlanta, and camped for the night near the Atlanta and McDonough road where the road from Jonesborough, on which they marched, struck it. On the morning of the 2nd they turned, toward McDonough. On the 2nd [1st], in the morning, Stewart's corps moved out of Atlanta to within sight of the Chattahoochee River and halted. In the mean time the militia were hurried out of Atlanta toward McDonough, but a few miles out took an easterly road. In the afternoon Stewart's corps returned to Atlanta and at night moved down the McDonough road, leaving Loring's division as rear guard and to destroy property. Quarles' brigade, Loring's division, the rear guard, did not leave until daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

My party from Atlanta has returned.

