HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: My daily reports have not been very regularly made during the past few days, but I have been doing all that I could to meet the requirements of the occasion. On yesterday morning, by heavy patrols to the north and east, I learned that Atlanta was evacuated, and that Lee's and Stewart's corps had gone toward McDonough; that I at once reported to General Sherman, as he was in doubt of the position of the enemy. Considering information the most valuable at the time, I have for two days employed what force I could spare from my division to obtain it. To-day I reported to General [Elliott] full information of the time and route of Lee's and Stewart's corps and the militia. I think I made Stewart's corps leave Atlanta and go to the Chattahoochee and return to Atlanta, on the 2nd instant instead of the 1st as was the case; it was an oversight on my [part] not intended. Hood remained in Atlanta till daylight on the 2d, and passed eight miles east of here on the Atlanta and Griffin road at 11 a.m. yesterday. It was impossible to make many captures, as all the roads to the east were strongly guarded. I have only few prisoners, but Hardee's, Stewart's, and Lee's corps, and the militia are represented. Yesterday I sent one company to Atlanta, it returned to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Glass' Bridge, Flint River, September 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Captain Brink has returned, bringing me information desired in reference to our army. I had a scout last night inside the enemy's lines. Portions of Armstrong's and Ross' commands, mounted and dismounted, watch the enemy's left flank directly opposite me. The enemy, so far as I can learn, unless he has moved during the night, is intrenched about Lovejoy's Station his lines crossing the Jonesborough road and extending to this point. Several car-loads of wounded passed down the road yesterday. Did not stop at but passed through Griffin. Scouts report the enemy's wagon trains to be moving toward Griffin, many of them loaded with green corn. At 2 p.m. yesterday large trains were passing through Fayette Station. As soon as the enemy is forced back beyond Lovejoy's Station I will cross and press in toward Griffin, communicating with our army to the left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near Lovejoy's, Ga., September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Division Cavalry:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that the army will move back to-morrow in the direction of Atlanta. One day's rations

