
If this is true both are probably here now. The enemy's line has been considerably extended eastward since last evening, and is probably beyond my reach. It appears to run along a high ridge immediately in front of the McDonough road and behind Walnut Creek. I am feeling well to the left with skirmishers to see if I can reach the enemy's left on the McDonough road.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 3,, 1864-6.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Colonel Garrard reports that he reached the McDonough and Fosterville road three or four miles from Lovejoy's Station. Citizens on the road say that troops, said to be Lee's corps, were passing this morning toward Lovejoy's, and that stragglers were still passing when he reached the road. The people spoke of it as a very large force with a great amount of artillery. As near as Colonel Garrard could ascertain the column was three or four hours in passing. A negro also reports a large number of troops joining the force in our front to-day.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SEPTEMBER 3, 1864-5 p.m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I went across on to the McDonough, and Fayetteville road, striking it between three and four miles from Lovejoy's Station. Citizens report that infantry from Atlanta, said to be Lee's corps, was moving all the morning, and that the stragglers were still passing when we reached the road. A large wagon train was moving on Thursday night and yesterday to Lovejoy's Station. Last night Ross' brigade of cavalry camped just this side of the road, and move don this morning to Bear Creek Station below Lovejoy's. The force that moved on the road this morning had artillery. The people speak of there being a great deal of artillery, and of the infantry being very a great in quantity, but as near as I could ascertain it took the regular column some three or four hours to pass.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, September 3, 1864.

Colonel ISRAEL GARRARD,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the enemy's cavalry is reported formed on his right, threatening our

