
it toward Columbia. The cavalry can rely for support on the block-houses, if hard pressed. Wheeler seems to be on the river, and doing little or no damage to the road; we are pursuing.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 3, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

Wheeler is making from East Tennessee toward the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and his force has been encountered at three or four places east of the road, at one or two points as near as seven miles distant. He will likely strike the road between Murfreesborough and Cowan.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Carthage, Tenn., September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant E. S. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

SIR: I have the honor to report that all is quiet at this post. The troops from Granville, consisting of Companies B, C, D, E, and F, First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, have fallen back to this place, but a portion of the command are on the opposite bank of the river from Granville, watching that point. As yet no attempt has been made to capture the forces here. No rebels have been on this side of the Cumberland as known of. I have had the surrounding country full of spies since Monday last, and have been kept fully posted. The rebels left Alexandria last night, moving in the direction of Lebanon. A great many stragglers have been left in the country. In order to clear the country of these men effectually, and to prevent them from bushwhacking it will require a heavy force to commence work at once, and that energetically. If allowed time to rest and concentrate these stragglers will commit innumerable outrages. In order to effectually and speedily clear the country of all stragglers I respectfully but earnestly request that the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry be ordered to report to me for duty. They can and will do the work. They have been tried, and I have only to point to their achievements for proof of their success in guerrilla warfare. I wish this communication to be laid before His Excellency Governor Johnson, and shall expect his aid in his matter. It is due to the families of my men that their fathers, brothers, and husbands should be here to protect them. If attacked at this post I shall fight as long as ammunition will last and the troops hold out. We are well prepared to act on the defensive, but can do nothing on the offensive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. STOKES,

Colonel Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA, R. R.,Tullahoma, September 19, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

As there is now no enemy to endanger the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, except guerrillas, who are disheartened by the total failure

