
of the recent big raid, and as I have here three companies of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, mounted, with whom I can keep the country in the vicinity of the railroad pretty well scouted, and as the Fifth Tennessee, by going to its gallant colonel for the service he requires, will use up a large portion of the guerrillas who endanger the railroad, I can, with the assistance of the Twelfth Indiana Cavalry and other regiments ordered to report to me, protect the railroad. I recommend that the regiment be ordered to him for such length of time as may be thought best.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 3, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

It is General Grant's wish that you act with your command against Wheeler's cavalry raiders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, September 3, 1864-12 m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT,

Superintendent U. S. Military Telegraph:

Wheeler came within seven miles of Nashville; crossed Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, cutting it and telegraph pretty badly; thence went and cut railroad and telegraph between here and Franklin. He is now ten miles south of Franklin, going toward Columbia, with General Rousseau close after, skirmishing. Telegraph to Chattanooga be up to-day. Railroad will be repaired in few days; think damage is slight. Telegraph works to front via Chattanooga and Knoxville.

SAM. BRUCH,

Captain, &amp;c.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, near Lovejoy's, Numbers 62.September 3, 1864.

The general commanding announces with great pleasure that he has official information that our troops under Major-General Slocum occupied Atlanta yesterday at 11 a.m., the enemy having evacuated the night before, destroyed vast magazines of stores, and blowing up, among other things, eighty car-loads of ammunition, which accounts for the sounds heard by us on the night of the 1st instant. Our present task is, therefore, well done, and all work of destruction on the railroad will cease.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

