HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee River, July 7, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD,

Ruff's Station:

I will order a pontoon train to report to you on the road.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, Smyrna Camp-Ground, July 7, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: Please have your division ready to move promptly at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning. I will send you further instructions as soon as practicable. Can you tell where and what the artillery firing is which I hear in your direction?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Hascall.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,July 7, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Colonel CAPRON,

Commanding Brigade:

I sent you and order by your staff officer to move down to Sandtown Ferry. Circumstances render it necessary to change your location, and I wish you would move by the Alabama road to-night in time to reach Sweet Water Town bridge (the point you occupied a few days go) by daylight to-morrow morning. Your pickets along the river will be relieved by the infantry to-morrow morning, after which they can join you. Colonel Adams, who is a few miles below where you will be on Sweet Water Creek, thinks the enemy is in considerable force on this side of the Chattahoochee River, and west of Sweet Water Creek. I wish you would push scouting parties well out on the Alabama road toward Villa Rica, and at the same time to Powder Springs, going by the bridge over the Sweet Water Creek (the upper one) over which we passed, and returning via the bridge over Noye's Creek over which we passed, and around to the right. Pick up all the scouting parties you can and arrest all suspicious persons. You and Colonel Adams act in concert, and have an understanding with each other in regard to all movements. I will try to be with you to-morrow, if I can get through with General Sherman in time. Keep me advised of what you see, hear, and do, and oblige,

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

STONEMAN,

General.

