HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,September 4, 1864-12.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Wharton my engineer, has just returned from an examination of the enemy's lines in front of Stanley. He reports them very strong and still being strengthened by the enemy amid a constant and hot skirmish. He believes the enemy intends to hold his present line.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my sick, wounded, captured ordnance, and prisoners of war left for Atlanta this morning, escorted by a brigade of Morgan's division. They moved at daylight. I am now engaged in removing the rebel wounded scattered about in the neighborhood to this place. I have but forty-five empty wagons left with which to remove them and the cotton alluded to in the general's order. They will not be sufficient to more than transport the wounded, if that. There are many empty wagons belonging to other commands moving to the rear. Why can they not be required to do some of this work?

I am, respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 4, 1864.

[Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that all has been quiet upon my front to-day, and no change has taken place in the position of my lines. As more fully reported in my letter of this morning the empty wagons of my command were loaded with the sick and wounded and ordnance stores captured from the enemy, and, together with all prisoners of war in my possession, were forwarded to Atlanta under escort of a brigade from Second Division. Two hundred and thirty-four rebel wounded, surgeons chaplains, and attendants have been collected in this neighborhood during the day, and all but about eighty, who are too badly wounded, will be sent to Atlanta in the morning. Twenty-one rebel deserters have been received during the day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding

