HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The rebel pickets were withdrawn from all roads to the east of this, except on the McDonough road, by 4 p.m. yesterday and their army may now be regarded as south of us. On the McDonough road the cavalry of the Army of the Ohio was skirmishing yesterday and drove in their pickets to within a few miles of McDonough. I do not know if they reached that point, but think not. My command will be on the Jonesborough and Flat Rock road to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division..
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near Lovejoy's, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General K. GARRARD,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry:

The general commanding directs that you have your command in readiness to march to-morrow, although the precise hour cannot be stated, and that you cover the rear and right flank of General Schofield's corps in its march to Decatur, Ga. You will ascertain from General Schofield when his command will move, allowing it to pass to the north of you. On the arrival of General Schofield's corps at Decatur you will with your command, take post, headquarters at Cross Keys, picketing from Stone Mountain to the crossing of the Chattahoochee on the road from Pinckneyville to Warsaw. It is designed to established a signal station on Stone Mountain, if, in connection with General Schofield's cavalry, it can be made secure. You will keep yourself informed of any movements of the enemy toward Lawrenceville. On your arrival at Cross Keys establish a courier line, in charge of a non-commissioned officer, to these headquarters at or near Atlanta.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID F. HOW,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have nothing of interest to report to-day. My headquarters are at Mount Zion Church, about four miles northeast of Jonesborough, and my pickets cover all roads as far north as Rough and Ready.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

