HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp in the Field, September 4, 1864.

Captain ESTENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that scouting parties sent out from my command report my front strongly picketed by the enemy, apparently cavalry, on the right, and infantry or dismounted cavalry on the let. Several of their posts were driven in developing quite a strong force in position behind a swampy ravine running nearly parallel to the Glass road. The scouts also report a plantation road, extending from near James Bull's house, on the Glass road, through the plantations of Mr. Dorsey and Mr. Crawford. I also learn from citizens that the same road extends to Lovejoy's Station. The Glass road appears to be open from my position to Flint River, except small patrols of the enemy.

Very respectfully,

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding

NEAR LOVEJOY'S STATION,

September 4, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

The heavy rains having rendered the route to be taken by the left column as indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 116, extract VI, impracticable, General Blair will withdraw on the road by which he approached, taking the advance, followed by the Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 4, 1864

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, I have the honor to submit my views upon the questions of rank arising under the act of Congress approved April 4, 1864. These questions may be thus stated:

First. When a corps is temporarily detached from the army to which it belongs to operate with another army, whose commander is assigned by the President under the act of April 4, 1862, but who is junior by commission to the corps commander, is this corps commander entitled by law to command the combined force?

Second. Is there any provision of law for such command?

The first question can probably best be answered, and the difficulty of the second illustrated by considering a case which has occurred and which is likely to be a very common one. General A commands an army consisting of two corps, whose commanders Generals B and C, are senior by commission to General A. General D commands a corps of another army and is senior to General A but junior to Generals B and C. General D's corps is detached and ordered to operate with

