
selection is of no avail at the most critical moment. It must be observed that, if the sixty-second Article of War was alone taken as the law, a major-general commanding a division in one army might assume command of another army whenever the accidents of a battle should separate him from his own army and throw him in contact with another.

Finally, it is my opinion that the act of April 4, 1862, must be construed as creating in effect, an additional grade in the army, viz, that of department or army commander superior to that determined by commission alone.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, September 4, 1864-3.50 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the signal officer reports that the enemy is in line of battle behind his works on his right, with battle-flags flying from the parapets, and he has thrown out about fifty skirmishers in his front and a company on his flank.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

In the Field, four miles south of Columbia,September 4, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER:

Wheeler crossed Duck River below this, and, joining Roddey, is again menacing the railroad. General Steedman should be telegraphed to come around by Huntsville as promptly as possible. Please telegraph him at once to this effect.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 4, 1864-8 p.m.

General STEEDMAN:

Push your force forward rapidly as possible to Huntsville and Pulaski. Johnson has joined Wheeler south of Duck River and menaces Alabama railroad.

By order:

J. D. WEBSTER

FRANKLIN, September 4, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable information from General Rousseau is that Wheeler has crossed Duck River near Columbia and Roddey formed a junction with

