
him. Couriers say Rousseau captured 500 horses in a skirmish where Wheeler dismounted men to fight on foot. General Kelly's friends have asked me to furnish a small escort to bury him. Shall I do it?

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Post.

THREE MILES EAST OF TRIUNE,

September 4, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: Since yesterday morning we have been chasing a rebel cavalry force of two brigades, under General Williams. We passed five miles around Murfreesborough yesterday. We charged in town and [drove] the rebels four miles from town on the Shelby pike. They have a force of between 1,500 and 2,000. We have been skirmishing with them since 8 o'clock this morning. They have three pieces of artillery. We have killed and captured some 20, and lost about 10 killed and wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Eifort, Second Kentucky, was killed in a charge. I you can detach a force to head them, their whole force can be bagged. I have Colonel Spalding's old brigade here; you know what it is and what it can do. I left General Steedman at Murfreesborough this morning with a large infantry force.

Yours, in haste,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 4, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 5 p.m. 5th.)

Major ECKERT:

The events of the last ten days may be succinctly stated thus: Hood, losing us from his front, looked two ways for the next blow, and leaving Stewart's corps and the militia here, sent Hardee and Lee down the Macon road to be ready. General Sherman found them there, and before the fight all of Stewart's corps, except one division, joined. On the 1st the Army of the Tennessee threatened Jonesborough on the west, Schofield on the east, and the Fourteenth Corps assaulted from the north, driving the enemy, capturing 2 batteries and 1,000 prisoners. No fighting since of importance, and Sherman will bring the entire army here to refit and rest. Altogether we have fought a battle, occupied Atlanta got 3,000 prisoners and 12 guns. Probably lost 1,000 men, killed, wounded and missing. May possibly catch the troops that were left here, but not probable.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 4, 1864.

(Received 4 p.m.)

Major ECKERT,

Washington:

Have nothing more from Captain Van Duzer. Have just asked him to send something. A cipher just received here, dated 3d, says: "Atlanta is ours." No particulars. Wheeler is moving down toward Flor-

