
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 93. Near Lovejoy's, Ga., September 4, 1864.
I. Brigadier General W. B. Hazen, commanding Second Division, will commence the construction of a barricade on the most defensible position north of the cotton-gin, with the left resting on the railroad, and extending to a point on the right to be designated by Captain C. B. Reese, engineer officer of department staff.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 5, 1864-3 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

The following-named volunteer officers from the State of Indiana, to wit, General Nathan Kimball, First Division, Fourth Army Corps; Lieutenant Colonel W. T. B. McIntire, Forty-second Indiana Volunteers; Dr. R. M. Welman, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, Pulaski, Tenn.; Colonel Benjamin Harrison, Seventieth Indiana; Colonel Edward Anderson, Twelfth Indiana Cavalry, and Chaplain W. W. Curry, Fifty-third Indiana, all under your command, can render valuable service within that State if they can have leave of absence until the 15th of October. In view of the armed organizations against the Government of the United States that have been made throughout the State of Indiana, and are now in active operation in the campaign for Jefferson Davis, this Department deems it expedient that the officers named should have leave to go home, provided they can be spared without injury to the service. This question is submitted to your judgment, with the request that you shall grant them a leave, if it can be done any time before the 1st of October without prejudice to the service; the longer leave the better service they can render. You will please answer by telegraph.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[SEPTEMBER 5, 1864.-For Stanton to Sherman, transmitting thanks from the President, &amp;c., see Part I, p.86.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,September 5, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Ohio:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the scout to the Fayetteville road, at the point I struck it yesterday, found a rebel picket posted there. This was driven off, but no further information of the rebel position was ascertained. The scout toward McDonough was made by the First Ohio Squadron, under Major Rice. He has just returned bringing with him 15 prisoners. He reached a point within three miles of McDonough, where he came onto a camp of a cavalry regiment. He

