
drove the pickets is so rapidly as to surprise the camp, but they rallied in force sufficient to check him. He lost 1 man killed, the sergeant who led the advance guard. The information he obtained from citizens was, that the enemy is holding all the roads leading south from the Fayetteville and McDonough road, and that there are some troops-cavalry probably-at McDonough; this is not corroborated by the cavalrymen captured. They say that the troops marched from McDonough at daylight this morning, and that there is nothing there now but the provost guard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL GARRARD,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the skirmish firing along my front was unusually heavy during the whole of last night. This morning General Woods reports that the enemy constructed last night a flank work in front of General Logan's right center, through an open field and perpendicular to the main line. The impression prevails that our position on the right flanks the enemy's.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

Colonel R. N. ADAMS,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: In riding through the camps this morning I was very much grieved to find in the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, lying shamelessly exposed to the whole command, a lot of made and female clothing and wearing apparel, shirts, bed-quilts, &amp;c., evidently recently pillaged from some of the neighboring helpless citizens. I directed Colonel Van Sellar to investigate the matter, and ascertain who the guilty parties are and have them brought to punishment. I neglected to tell him to find out the name of the officer in command of the company where the things were exposed to view, and now order you to ascertain the same and prefer charges against him for conduct prejudicial to good order and military discipline, in permitting the thing to be done under his eyes and not taking steps to punish his men. Pillaging, at all times disgraceful and demoralizing, will not be countenanced or tolerated under any circumstances in this command. While brigade commanders can appropriate properly any articles of provision or forage necessary, they are expected to use every exertion to enforce all orders against marauding and lawlessness of any character.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

