
NASHVILLE, September 5, 1864. (Received 9.50 p.m.)

Major CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Milroy is at Franklin, and will go on south. Williams' brigade rebel cavalry went south from Triune last night toward Shelbyville, and may be on your road again. He is cut off from Wheeler, but may attack General Rousseau in the rear.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUNTSVILLE, September 5, 1864.

Colonel E. ANDERSON,

Brownsborough:

Keep a sharp watch on Johnson's movement. Should he threaten the railroad notify me; concentrate on him as much of your force as is practicable, and I will soon be with you. Patrol the road frequently.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, TENN., September 5, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just arrived here with the Fifth, Tenth, and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry. Fought the rebel General Williams, 2,000 strong, all day; last fight at Triune. Lieutenant-Colonel Eifort, of the Second Kentucky, killed in one of our charges. Rebels turned south at Triune. Our ammunition gave out, and, supposing that Williams joined Wheeler, we came in here for ammunition, provisions, and information. A detachment of the Sixth Indiana has just arrived. We will shoe our horses, get supplies, and go ahead. Can you communicate with Murfreesborough yet?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, September 5, 1864-1.05 p.m.

Major J. O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived here this morning with the Tennessee regiment of cavalry; pursued a rebel division of cavalry under General Williams around Murfreesborough day before yesterday, and pursued from that place yesterday, fighting inch [by inch] to Triune. Rebels turned south from there on pike that runs to Shelbyville. I learned that they are trying to join Wheeler, but they find that they are cut off by General Rousseau. I pass on to Shelbyville and strike Duck River bridge and other points. They are about 2,000 strong. Keep a sharp lookout for them. Inform all the stations along the railroad, that they may be ready for them, and if General Steedman is still on the line, inform him I am in the hunt and don't know when I will get back. Colonel Eifort, Second Kentucky, mortally wounded yesterday; since died. Some 10 or 15 of our boys killed and wounded. We captured 11 rebels and killed and wounded 20.

R. H. MILROY,

Brigadier-General.

