
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, No. 245. Near Lovejoy's Station, September 5, 1864.

In execution of Special Field Orders, No. 64, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, the following will be the movements of the Army of the Cumberland:

1. The Fourth Army Corps will withdraw at 8 o'clock to-night by the road running east of the railroad, encamping the first night at Jonesborough, the second at Rough and Ready, the third day marching by Hutchins' to the east of Atlanta, and taking up a position near that occupied by the corps at the commencement of the movement which has terminated here, facing south, with two divisions in line and one in reserve.

2. The Fourteenth Army Corps will march on the second day from Jonesborough to Rough and Ready by roads running on the west of the railroad, and encamping on that side of the railroad at Rough and Ready. On the third day the corps will march by the road running past Tomlison's, Cash's, Mount Zion Church, to White Hall, and take up a position at that place, facing south, with two divisions in line and one in reserve.

3. The Twentieth Army Corps will remain as at present located until further orders, and Major-General Slocum will command the town of Atlanta.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for to-day, September 5, 1864: In accordance with instructions received from headquarters the troops of this corps will withdraw to-night to the position they occupied on the night of the first instant, just beyond Jonesborough. After withdrawing to the field to the rear of the one in which corps headquarters is situated, the route of march will be along the east side of the railroad. The order of march will be, first, General Newton's division; second, General Kimball's; third, General Wood's. The troops will be drawn off at 8 p.m. exactly by headquarters time, and the pickets will be drawn off at exactly 12 p.m. Colonel I. C. B. Suman, Ninth Indiana Infantry, is hereby detailed as special field officer of the day for to-day. He will report at these headquarters for orders at 5 p.m., and division commanders will send their picket officers to report to him for instructions at the same time and place. All headquarters wagons, ambulances, except six to a division, artillery wagons, ammunition wagons, except five to a division, and such artillery as can be withdrawn without attracting the attention of the enemy, will at once be sent beyond Jonesborough just to the rear of the position to be occupied by the troops to-night.

By order of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

