
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

Your command will be held in readiness to move to-morrow morning at daylight. In case the corps does not move immediately toward Atlanta the position of the line will be changed to front southward, and all trains, headquarters, &amp;c., will be moved to the rear. Further orders will be given to-night or in the morning.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jef. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(To division commanders.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 101. Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

I. The army will move from its present position, in concert with the Army of the Cumberland, in the following manner: The trains will move to the rear, first the baggage and then the ordnance trains, taking the new road leading north from present headquarters. General Cox will send a regiment of infantry to guard the trains. General Cox will place his division on the ridge immediately in rear of headquarters. General Hascall will then withdraw his division to the rear of General Cox, taking care to conceal the movement as much as possible from the enemy, and keeping his men under cover from the enemy's artillery. If the enemy follow, General Hascall will form his division in rear of General Cox, prepared to support him or cover his flank. Otherwise General Hascall will continue his march in rear of the trains. General Cox will follow as rear guard. Colonel Garrard will cover the flank of the infantry and trains during the march, using the road on which the infantry and trains during the march, using the road on which the infantry moved on the 2nd instant. The first march will be to the position near Jonesborough occupied on the 1st instant, where orders will be given for further movements. The commanding general will give notice when the movement will begin.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT FIELD ORDERS, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 118. Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

In accordance with Special Field Orders, No. 64, Military Division of the Mississippi, and Special Field Orders, No. 116, extract VI, from these headquarters, this army will draw out from its present position at 8 o'clock this evening.

The Fifteenth and Sixteenth Corps, with the exception of the divisions to form the rear guard, will march to Jonesborough, occupying their old positions in the works.

The Seventeenth Corps will cross Flint River and take up the position occupied by it on the evening of September 1. The rear guard and skirmish line will be withdrawn at 12 o'clock to-night and rejoin their respective commands.

Corps commanders will give such directions as will secure the simultaneous withdrawal of the pickets. All reserve artillery, trains, and ambulances, except the ammunition required for the reserve division

