
will at 12 o'clock this p.m. be sent across Flint River into part with the trains already there in charge of Captain J. T. Conklin, chief quartermaster. Brigadier-General Kilpatrick will throw out a sufficient force to picket the front and right of the army, and, with the remainder of his command, will move back and occupy the same position held by him when this army was at Jonesborough. Lieutenant-Colonel Strong will superintended the withdrawal of the pickets, and corps commanders are requested to instruct one of their staff officers to report to him at these headquarters at 2.30 o'clock this afternoon.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 94. Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. In accordance with Special Field Orders, No. 118, from department headquarters of this date, this corps will draw out from its present position, as follows: The First Division, Major-General Osterhaus commanding, and the Fourth Division, Brigadier-General Harrow commanding, will withdraw their main line at 8 p.m. to-day and march to Jonesborough and occupy their old position in the works. The First Division will move in advance. Brigadier General W. B. Hazen's division will act as rear guard to this command, and will at once occupy the works erected by it in rear of the cotton-gin. At 12 o'clock to-night the division and skirmishers of the First and Fourth Divisions will be withdrawn, the division to the works occupied by it at Jonesborough on the 1st instant and the skirmishers to their respective commands. Captain Hoover will superintend the withdrawal of the pickets, and division commanders are requested to instruct one of their staff officers to report to him at these headquarters at 3.30 p.m. to-day. The chief ordnance officer of the corps will limit that five wagons of ammunition be left with each division, and will send the remainder at 2 p.m. across Flint River, on the road advanced on by this command, and parked with the train already there in charge of Captain J. T. Conklin, chief quartermaster, Department of the Tennessee. The movements must be made with the least possible noise, so as not to attract the attention of the enemy. Brigadier-General Hazen, if he so desires, can send De Gress' [battery] to Jonesborough this evening before dark, and direct it to go into position on some part of the line to be occupied by him.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, FIELD ORDERS, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 76. Near Lovejoy's Station, Ga., September 5, 1864.

I. This command will withdraw from its present position, in pursuance of instructions from military division and department headquarters, in the following order:

First. The entire train of wagons and ambulances belonging to this command, except one ambulances to each regiment, will, two hours before

