
the time fixed for the movement of the troops, move by the road to Turner's, and will follow the train of the Seventeenth Corps to Jonesborough, when they will be parked on the west side of Flint Creek, in rear of the position occupied by this corps on the 1st instant.

Second. Brigadier General J. W. Fuller, commanding Fourth Division, will, at an hour to be hereafter designated, move his command into the new works at Turner's, and will hold that position until the Seventeenth Corps, and Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, have passed, when he will follow in rear of the Second Division, and act as rear guard to the left column, keeping out a strong line of skirmishers and flankers on his rear and left, and taking care to bring up all stragglers.

Third. Brigadier General J. M. Corse, commanding Second Division, will, at an hour to be hereafter designated, withdraw his command, including skirmishers, simultaneously with the Seventeenth Corps, and will move toward Jonesborough, on the road leading past Fitzgerald's and Turner's. He will halt in rear of the new works of the Fourth Division, to allow the Seventeenth Corps to pass, when he will follow the Seventeenth Corps into Jonesborough, keeping always within supporting distance of the Fourth Division.

Fourth. Major Hughes, commanding Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, will, at an hour to be hereafter designated, move his command to the forks of the road near Fitzgerald's and throw out a line of skirmishers to Hebron Church. He will hold this position until the skirmishers of the Second Division have passed him, when he will fall back toward Jonesborough, keeping in rear of the infantry column, holding his reserves in the main road, and maintaining a strong line of skirmishers and flankers in his rear and on the left of the column.

Fifth. On arriving at Jonesborough the command will move into and occupy their old works of the 1st instant, near Flint Creek.

II. So much of Special Field Orders, No. 76, extract I, from these headquarters, as conflicts with Special Field Orders, No. 118, Department and Army of the Tennessee, is hereby revoked.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD,

Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864-3 p.m. (Received 8th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I have your dispatch* and will announce it to the troops in general orders. We are gradually falling back to Atlanta, feeding high on the corn-fields of the Confederacy. I will be in Atlanta in a day or two and will communicate fully with you. I always felt that you would personally take more pleasure in my success than in your own, and I appreciate the feeling to its fullest extent.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p.87.

---------------

