HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near McPeak's House, Ga., September 6, 1864.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report that my lines were changed to face southward this morning. In the afternoon the Second and Third brigades were withdrawn. The First Brigade, Colonel M. C. Taylor commanding, covered the approaches to the village of Jonesborough, holding a position about a mile and half south of the town. About 2.30 p.m., the picket-lines being withdraw on Colonel Taylor's left, that flank was exposed, and the enemy approaching to turn it, he fell back by my order. Some skirmishing took place between his rear and the enemy's advance. The First Brigade now holds the position assaulted by General Morgan's command on the 1st instant. The Second and Third Brigades, with the batteries, are in position on the ground occupied by the division just before advancing to the assault on the 1st instant. The casualties reported are one officer killed and several enlisted men wounded, number not accurately ascertained.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, September 6, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

I find I can take the Flat Rock road to a point about three miles from this place (where it leaves the railroad) and then have a good road to Rough and Ready. But I will have to pass two extremely bad hills on the Flat Rock road. On this account, unless you think the presence of my troops necessary with the other armies, I think it would be better for me to move back this evening to Rough and Ready or far enough to clear General Thomas' column along the railroad. Please inform me this morning if this proposition meets your approval.

Very respectfully,J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

In the Field, near Jonesborough, September 6, 1864-11.20 [a.m.].

General SCHOFIELD:

I have your note of to-day. I have no objection to your going toward Rough and Ready to-day, but prefer you should not more than pass Stanley's flank an mile or so, so as to be in supporting distance. We have gained too much [to lose it] by scattering now and risking anything. You may move so as to clear Stanley's road, which is the one following the railroad west and near it. Stanley day after to-morrow takes the road from Rough and Ready across to about McPherson's battle-ground of July 22. Our map gives a great many roads in that angle toward Decatur.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

