
as soon as copies could be made, and that the wagons moved out as soon thereafter as possible, the majority of them reaching the point designated as soon as could be expected from the character of the weather and the roads. The remainder were detained in consequence of the road having become impassable at one point, and subsequently taken possession of by other commands. Notwithstanding the extreme darkness of the night, and the terrible condition of the roads, I should have brought my command in good season and condition but for the fact that the road which had been assigned to me was taken possession of by General Kilpatrick for several hours, who stated to one of my staff officers that he did it by order. By this movement of General Kilpatrick I consider that my command would have been seriously endangered had the enemy chosen to use either of the main roads on my flanks for the purpose of intercepting me. The corduroy bridge over a swamp, which my pioneers had constructed during the day, was swept away by the freshet in the afternoon, and although every exertion was made to repair it, from the nature of the ground it was found impossible to do it hastily in such a manner as to prevent many accidents and serious delays.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Commanding Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: On referring to the receipt of the order at your headquarters, it is marked 12.35 p.m. I have not the least doubt, general, but that you are as anxious as I am to prevent disaster, but I still think some of your officers have been lax and careless either in the transmission or execution of orders, for I passed a reserve battery at 5.30 o'clock just hitching up, and some hospitals of your corps did not begin to move till dark. General Kilpatrick had no authority to intercept your road. His orders were clear to move to the rear and right. I will communicate with him and prevent any future clogging from his command.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES R. WOODS,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to inform you that this corps follows the Sixteenth to-morrow, which moved at 5 a.m. The major-general desires you to be in readiness to follow it closely with your division. It will probably pass you about 6.30 or 7 a.m. He also desires you to comply strictly with the order from department headquarters in relation to trains, as some complaint was made to-day about our apparent non-compliance with the orders on that subject last night.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

