
THIRTEEN MILES AND A HALF SOUTH OF LAWRENCEBURG,

[September 6, 1864.]

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: On consulting with my guide I find the road suggested by you impracticable. As you simply suggest this and seem to leave it to my discretion to Rogersville, and from Rogersville to Athens. The road from Rogersville to Athens is, I think, the one Williams will pursued, if he is as low down as you think them to be. It will have the advantage, too, of keeping the detached regiment with me and covering it if Williams should go out by way of Lamb's Ferry or Florence. I have already ordered a move for 5 a.m.

Very respectfully, you obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

This movement, too, will look as though we were still after Wheeler. I will endeavor to keep you advised of everything.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 6, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Larkinsville, or on line of road:

General Granger, with all the mounted command, left here at 2 p.m. to join Major-General Rousseau at Lawrenceburg. Have dispatched him of your movements. I have trains here and shall move forward to repair railroad. General Milroy fought at Triune yesterday. Rebels toward Shelbyville. Williams' command, 2,000, trying to join Wheeler. Wheeler moving toward Florence; had passed by Major-General Rousseau; General Granger gone to the assistance of General R. Crame's [Crews'] rebel brigade passed Lewisburg at 1 p.m. yesterday. Biffle has 3,000 strong; gone to Swan Creek near Duck River.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, Tenn., September 6, 1864.

Captain ALFRED MATTHIAS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your dispatch as to retiring to this point is just received. I went north to Lynnville with troops; found the enemy there and drove them away; left two regiments to rebuild railroad track and put up telegraph wire; returned to this point; found lines down south and the enemy destroying railroad; went down, repaired, and communicated with all points south. Major-General Steedman is twelve miles below here with five trains of troops. Gave him full and complete information. He will probably be here in the morning. Cannot inform you where Williams' command is. Bodies of troops all around me demonstrating against the road. Scouting party just in from month Elk River. Roddey has recrossed his entire force, reported by citizens at 3,000 strong, part at mouth Elk River and balance crossing at Lamb's Ferry. Dispatch just received to this effect from Colonel John W. Horner, Eighteenth Michigan,

