HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Jonesborough, September 6, 1864.

Orders of the day for the Fourth Army Corps for to-morrow, September 7: The troops of this corps will remain in their present position to-day, and they will move to Rough and Ready to-morrow morning at daylight in the order: First, General Wood; second, General Newton; third, General Kimball. One battery of rifle guns will accompany General Kimball's division. The rest of the artillery will accompany and follow the trains. One ammunition wagon will accompany each brigade, and ten ambulances will accompany each division. All of the rest of the trains and wagons will move to Rough and Ready to 10 a.m. to-morrow. Division commanders will have all stragglers collected for the purpose of forming a police guard of them. Headquarters trains will accompany the divisions to which they are attached.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULARS.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

The troops of the corps will remain in their present position during the day and to-night, prepared to repel any attack. Colonel Taylor's brigade will occupy the rebel breast-works as an outlying picket. General Morgan and General Baird will respectively place a regiment on the right and left of Colonel Taylor, in the rebel works, as pickets, to remain during the night. All sick and wounded unable to travel will be moved immediately to the hospital, where empty wagons will be in waiting to-morrow morning to transport them to the rear. All surplus wagons and artillery will be moved to the rear across Flint River to-night.

By order of Bvt. Major General Jef. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

(To division commanders.)

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 14TH ARMY CORPS, No. 5. Near Smith's House, September 6, 1864.

The following will be the movements of the Fourteenth Corps to-morrow, September 7:

General following will move his division at 6.30 a.m. upon the road leading past McPeak's house, and intersecting the Rough and Ready road near Mrs. Smith's. He will form his division in line of battle on the rising ground immediately on this side of the creek which intervenes between those points, and will cover the retiring of the remainder of the corps, until all the troops are in motion on the Rough and Ready road in his rear, when he will withdraw and form the rear guard. General Carlin, leaving Colonel Taylor's brigade in its present position, will withdraw at 7 a.m., following General Baird, and passing through General Baird's lines, when formed, will move northward upon the Rough and Ready road, forming the advance of the corps. General Morgan

