
NASHVILLE, July 7, 1864-4 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

There is no railroad bridge at Ten Islands. There is one at Wilsonville and plenty of supplies along below route; also pretty good ford just at that bridge.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 7, 1864.

General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

My instructions were to cross the Coosa at the Ten Islands or the railroad bridge; these points are well apart and you can best choose between them after you are well out.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE, July 7, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Nashville or Decatur:

I have no new instructions or information to convey to you, but expect you to leave Decatur on the 9th. If Roddey be about Tuscumbia, you might send a small infantry force down to Waterloo to amuse him by threatening to cross to burn the Bear Creek bridge, eight miles back from Eastport and about five miles east of Iuka. You may give out that you are going to Selma, but be sure to go to Opelika, and break up railroad between it and Montgomery. There is but a single road there which unites the Mississippi road with the Alabama roads. I am convinced General A. J. Smith will give full employment to Forrest, and I will keep Johnston fully employed, and Major-General Canby will look our for the Mobile garrison. When you reach the road do your work well; burn the ties in piles, heat the iron in the middle, and when red hot let the men pull the ends so as to give a twist to the rails. If simply bent, the rails may be used, but if they are twisted or wrenched they cannot be used again. In returning you should take the back track, and, if pursued, turn for me or for Rome or Kingston or Allatoona. Be sure to take no wagons, but pack some led horses. Travel early and late in the day, but rest at midday and midnight. Spare your horses for the first week, and keep the horses ready for the return trip. I think the only force in your route is Pillow's, about Oxford or Jacksonville or Gadsden. We are down to the Chattahoochee, and will soon be across. All is well with us.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 7, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Yours received. The only point on the road at which the enemy can do any damage is at the Running Water bridge. A good reliable gar-

