
troops indicated in paragraphs I and II, of Special Field Orders, No. 95, from these headquarters, will be delayed until 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, when the movements will commence, as ordered heretofore.

IV. Division commanders will not withdraw their pickets until the troops shall have made the crossing of the river, when they will be withdrawn simultaneously. To this end division picket officers will communicate with each other.

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, FIELD ORDERS, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 77. Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

I. On the march to-morrow the Ninth Illinois (mounted) Volunteers will move in advance at 5 a.m., followed by the Fourth Division; one brigade of the Second Division will immediately follow the Fourth Division. In rear of this brigade the trains will move in their regular order. Brigadier General J. M. Corse, commanding Second Division, will designate one brigade to act as rear guard, will full instructions to pick up all stragglers.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

TYLER,

Louisville:

On the 25th of August, pursuant to a plan of which the War Department had been fully advised, I left the Twentieth Corps at the Chattahoochee bridge, and, with the balance of the army, I drew off from the siege, and using some considerable artifice to mislead the enemy I moved rapidly south, and reached the West Point railroad, near Fairburn, on the 27th, and broke up twelve miles of it; then moving east my right approached the Macon railroad near Jonesborough, and my left near Rough and Ready. The enemy attacked the right, Army of the Tennessee, and wac completely beaten on the 31st, and during the combat I pushed the left and center rapidly on the railroad above between Rough and Ready and Jonesborough. On the 1st of September we broke up about eight miles of the Macon road, and turned on the enemy at Jonesborough, assaulting him in his lines, and carried them, capturing Brigadier-General Govan and about 2,000 prisoners, with 8 guns and much plunder. Night alone prevented our capturing all of Hardee's corps, which escaped south that night. That same night Hood, in Atlanta, finding all his railroads broken or in our possession, blew up his ammunition, 7 locomotives, and 80 cars, and evacuated Atlanta, which, on the next day, September 2, was occupied by the corps left for that purpose, Major-General Slocumn, commanding. We followed the retreating rebel army to near Lovejoy's Station, thirty miles south of Atlanta, when, finding him strongly intrenched, I concluded it would not pay to assault,

