HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

Nashville and Chattanooga:

Telegraph me all the news of Wheeler. My army is now within ten miles of Atlanta, all well; and, if necessary, I can send infantry to Chattanooga or Cleveland, to head Wheeler off.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROGERSVILLE, September 7, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Bethel or Gilbertsborough:

GENERAL: We are now at Rogersville. On the way here I ascertained the enemy, 500 or 600 strong, were coming from the direction of the railroad. Came into the Lexington and Lawrenceburg road one mile and a half from Lexington; passed on and joined Wheeler at that place about 11 p.m. The men of this force stated that they had been cut off from their command for five or six days. About the same hour last night * * * crossed the road from Lexington to this place about five miles this side of Lexington. The men said they were going to join Wheeler. The country is undoubtedly swarming with rebels. Roddey and Johnson are undoubtedly there supporting Wheeler. We fired on their men this a.m. I feel considerable apprehension for the regiment detached to watch Wheeler, as I conceive he has done all it is possible for him to do. I have recalled him, if it is possible for a courier to get to him. It occurred to me that the force which passed down as above stated * * * command. Of this, however, you can judge better than I. Sent a scout to Lamb's Ferry. They have returned; report having "watered their horses in the Tennessee River," and no enemy there. There are evident indications of a train having been there, then turned down the river toward Bainbridge. Lieutenant Prosser, of Second Tennessee, came in at 4 p.m. Colonel Prosser met enemy's pickets about three miles from Lexington, and drove them into Centre Star, about eight miles from Lexington, on Florence road. Wheeler is unquestionably there with his whole force, except 400 or 500, which * * * in charge of sick and wounded, who have crossed the river. Wheeler does not seem to be in a hurry, and citizens say he will not leave until Williams comes up or he hears from him. I shall start for Athens at 5 a.m. to-morrow. Shall move slowly, as I think possibly the enemy may come into this road from some of the cross-roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Your dispatch of 5 p.m. September 6 is just received. Your indorsement on General Milroy's communication is 7.10 p.m. September 6. I shall obey the one of latest date.

R. S. G.,

Brigadier-General.

[NOTE.-Original militated; parts missing represented by stars.]

