
PULASKI, TENN., September 7, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: I arrived here with the Fifth, Tenth, and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry and a detachment of the Second Kentucky Cavalry at noon to-day. A detachment of the Sixth Indiana Cavalry came with me from Franklin to this place. Nor receiving any communication from you, and fearing lest my being away so long from that portion of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, of which I am boss guard, without orders, might not be acceptable, and fearing that Williams with all or a portion of his forces may have gone southeast (as reported by one of my sergeants captured in one of our charges last Sunday and who was paroled yesterday and came in this morning) and strike the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad again, I have concluded to take the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry and the detachment of the Second Kentucky Cavalry and cut across to Tullahoma, and leave Colonel Spalding and the detachment of the Sixth Indiana Cavalry and the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry to go on and join you as ordered by you. I hope, general, that my having detained the Tennessee troops and chased Williams as I have will meet your approbation, and I hope that my taking back the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry to Tullahoma will meet your approbation, as I understand that regiment was stationed there by order of General Thomas. My little chase after Williams has been a pleasant episode in the dreary monotony of life at Tullahoma.

Hoping you may bag him yet, I am, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

P. S.-I leave here at 6 a.m. this evening, which will be in twenty minutes. Spalding goes on to you at the same time.

R. H. M.,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 7, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Rousseau just heard from. He is driving the enemy. We move on by rail immediately, hoping to strike him in the rear.

By command of Major-General Steedman:

E. B. KIRK,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

JOHNSONVILLE, September 7, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Tennessee:

Colonel Matzdorff, commanding at Waverly, says 1,500 of Wheeler's men are marching toward this place (Johnsonville) with the intention of procuring provisions and crossing the Tennessee River. I feel confident that I can keep off double the number, but the First Kansas Battery has no reliable ammunition. Can you send some for 10-pounder Parrott guns? The ammunition on hand is all condemned. One gun-boat remains here.

THEO. TRAUERNICHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

