
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. TRAUERNICHT,

Johnsonville:

Where are the 1,500 men of Wheeler's command? What are Colonel Matzdorff's sources of information? The last we heard of Wheeler, he was making his way rapidly toward Florence, closely pursued by the combined forces of Generals Rousseau, Milroy, Granger, and Starkweather. Wheeler attacks no fortified places, and in his entire raid has been able to take only one block-house, where the garrison disgracefully surrendered without resistance. If he should come your way, of which there is small probability, you can easily use him up.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, September 7, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Officers from below report that Wheeler has divided his command and is making for the river at different points. Rousseau is pursuing with effect, and is said to have taken many prisoners. Hundreds of Wheeler's men are deserting. No enemy can be heard of near here. Telegraph is operating south of Pulaski.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 7, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN,

Athens:

Major-General Milroy is here; will move to Elkton this afternoon. Major-General Rousseau is moving toward Athens by way of Bethel. General Granger is moving toward Florence, sixteen miles south of Lawrenceburg. Enemy is in fact everywhere all around me. Roddey is reported on south side Tennessee River again. Wheeler is also trying to cross at or near Florence. Williams is on east side of railroad, supposed to be moving toward Lamb's Ferry. I think he will strike the other road and move out as he came in.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Athens:

At 11 a.m. to-day General Rousseau left Sugar Creek, on Lamb's Ferry road, in the direction of Gordonsville or Gilbertsborough, in search of Williams, and thence above or below Athens as circumstances may require. Seven hundred Wheeler's men passed down Lamb's Ferry road to-day.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

