
divisions. When the troops are in motion a staff officer from each division commander will report to the general commanding the corps and accompany him in advance of the troops to receive instructions in regard to the positions which their respective divisions will occupy.

By order of Bvt. Major General J. C. Davis:

A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, No. 103. Near Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

I. The troops will march to Decatur to-morrow, General Cox's division in advance. The trains will move between the two divisions. The cavalry will cover the movement. The march will begin at 5 a.m. General Cox will take position a short distance out of town, commanding the approaches from the east. General Hascall will take position immediately south of town, covering the roads from the south. Colonel Garrard will encamp between Decatur and Stone Mountain, connecting pickets with General Cox, also with General Garrard at Stone the Cumberland toward Atlanta. Headquarters of the army in the field will, until further orders, be in Decatur.

II. Until further orders only half rations of grain will be issued to the public animals of this command.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 120. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Morrow's Mill, Ga., September 7, 1864.

This army will move back to the vicinity of East Point to-morrow, in the following order:

1. The general train and train guard, in charge of Captain Conklin, chief quartermaster, will move out upon the main East Point road at 3 a.m., and will be followed by the Fifteenth Corps, Major-General Logan commanding, marching at 8 a.m.

2. Brigadier-General Ransom will move out his command at 7 a.m., taking the road on which he marched to-day, and will be followed at 8.30 o'clock by the Seventeenth Corps, Major-General Blair commanding.

3. At East Point the Seventeenth Corps will occupy the right, the Fifteenth Corps the left, and the Sixteenth Corps the center and reserve of the army.

4. Brigadier-General Kilpatrick will continue to cover the rear and right, as heretofore.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

