
rison should be kept there, which will fight re-enforcements can reach them from Chattanooga. It will not do, however, to reduce the garrison of Chattanooga too much to strengthen that point, as an attack there might be a feint while the real attack is made upon Chattanooga. They cannot capture Bridgeport.
WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, July 7, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

A force reported to be between 75 and 100 strong was seen this morning at 7 o'clock at Thompson's Mill, going north from the Spring Place road.

BERNARD LAIBOLDT,

Colonel, Commanding.

ADAIRSVILLE, July 7, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I have this evening dispersed a party of rebels, fifty in number, within two miles of this place, capturing 7. Prisoners report that Captain Harvey with sixty men has gone up the railroad between Dalton and Cleveland, with intention of destroying it. One of my detachments captured 22 out in the country in the direction of Fairmount.

L. WOLFLEY,

Major Third Kentucky.

RESACA, GA., July 7, 1864.

Captain C. L. WHITE:

The commanding officer at Dalton last evening reported the enemy between Dalton and Tilton, three miles east of the railroad. I sent Colonel Wever with 300 men to find him. Colonel Murray, commanding cavalry brigade, sent out 250 men east of the river, in addition to 200 men sent out the night before. At 10 p.m. Colonel Murray heard that the enemy was moving southeast in the direction of Ball Play Post Office, his troops following him. Last night Colonel Croxton reported from Snake Creek Gap that the enemy, 300 strong, had passed north the day before.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

RESACA, GA., July 7, 1864.

Captain C. L. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is a detachment of the Seventh Illinois two miles south of Dalton. The commanding officer at that place telegraphs that he has no men to relieve them; troops cannot well be spared from Tilton to do so. Is it intended that I should go so far north? If convenient, please answer to-night.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

