
is not on hand. This army should be paid at once, and it would create discontent if others were preferred to them. I believe and shall assure all that the money will be here as soon as the rolls are made up and it is safe to bring it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 8, 1864.

(Received 10.40 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Thomas is in, and his troops are now grouping about Atlanta. General Schofield has also arrived, and has gone to place his troops at Decatur. I have not yet heard from General Howard, but suppose him to be at East Point. I have just ridden to see a portion of the enemy's line, which is very strong, and demonstrates the wisdom of our mode and manner of attack. I have but little news of Wheeler, except that last night General Steedman was at Athens, Ala., and Wheeler was supposed to be crossing the Tennessee toward the south about Lamb's Ferry. Rousseau, Granger, and Steedman have enough troops to handle Wheeler, and I suppose the railroad will soon be repaired. We have enough stores for a month, and I feel no uneasiness on that score. Yet, if necessary, I can send some troops to the rear. I telegraphed you yesterday that you could use General A. J. Smith, as proposed, to act against Price in Missouri. We are all well, and have no doubt, after a short rest, will be impatient again to sally forth in search of adventure.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville:

Don't let any citizens come to Atlanta, not one. I won't allow trade or manufactures of any kind, but will remove all the present population and make Atlanta a pure military down. Give public notice to this effect. General Thomas' army is not in and around Atlanta, General Howard's at East Point, and General Schofield's at Decatur. I want Wheeler cleaned out, the roads repaired, and everything to the rear made right. Send forward paymasters. If the Sanitary Commission have stores let them be sent to the agent at Chattanooga, whence we can draw as fast as we need. Hood's army retreated toward Macon, but will, I suppose, halt about Griffin. I was unprepared to follow below Lovejoy's, twenty-eight miles south of Atlanta, for we have been fighting constantly since about the 7th of May, and the men need rest and quiet. Our last move was beautiful and perfectly successful, as you observe from our occupation of the famous Atlanta. We have already found nineteen guns and others are being found daily. At Jonesborough, at the battle, we took 2 four-gun batteries, and in the whole

