
move have near 3,000 prisoners. We killed about 500 at Jonesborough and wounded about 2,500. Our entire loss since beginning the movement will not exceed 1,500.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 8, 1864-For J. B. Hood to W. T. Sherman, proposing an exchange of prisoners, and Sherman's reply, see Second Series.]

NASHVILLE, September 8, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

Your dispatch of this date received. I suppose you do not mean to exclude sutlers from Atlanta. Cannot get particulars from General Rousseau. He fought Wheeler thirteen miles below Columbia and beat him on Monday. He is following him and must now be near the Tennessee River. Williams' rebel force is below, south of Wheeler's, followed by Milroy. Granger and Starkweather are moving and the rebels must be pressed if they cannot get over the river. We have so little cavalry that it is difficult to follow them. The railroad to Chattanooga will be open again on Saturday, we hope, when Donaldson will push forward supplies. Accept my hearty congratulations on the glorious success of your successful campaign. All well.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

EAST POINT, GA., September 8, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. LOGAN,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has decided to place the Seventeenth Corps upon the left flank of this army and the Sixteenth on the right flank, and that you command will therefore occupy the center.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EAST POINT, GA., September 8, 1864.

Brigadier General T. E. G. RANSOM,

Commanding Left Wing, Sixteenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the Seventeenth Army Corps will to-morrow morning move around to the left, and your command will accordingly occupy and protect the right flank of this army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. TAGGART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

