
ELK RIVER BRIDGE, September 8, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding:

DEAR GENERAL: Have just arrived to repair telegraph line; same all O. K.; in good order north to Columbia. Was all right from there to Nashville this morning, but since I have arrived here a break has occured north of Columbia. I send herewith dispatch from General Milroy, just received at this post by my courier, who carried dispatches last night to General Milroy. Track is repaired to Campbell's Station. Commenced work there at 10 a.m. Have informed General Steedman of your whereabouts. He is at Athens; has sent 2,200 men to Rogersville. No news from General Granger. Have couriers trying to find him. Three hundred cavalry arrived at Pulaski this morning, searching for you. I will send them forward by way of Gourdsville.

Your, very truly,

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 8, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Athens:

Major-General Rousseau is now on the road from Duck Island Ford, on Elk River, to Athens, waiting to hear from you. Just received the following news from Major-General Milroy: He was at 10 a.m. within ten miles of Fayetteville, and had heard that Williams' command was concentrating there; also heard from citizens that Williams would concentrate to-dy at or near Lynnville. A rebel officer, with forty men, stated that he would join him there, passing in that direction just prior to the arrival of his (General Steedman's) command. Inform General Rousseau of this. I have scouts out in every direction. Small bodies of enemy all around me; cut wires south this morning, which I immediately repaired. Road north is fixed to Campbell's Station and still pressing on. Inform Colonel Spalding at Elkton.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, September 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

General Milroy reports rebels under Williams moving from Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad toward McMinnville this morning, saying they were ordered by Wheeler to get out of the country. They will probably move up toward Kingston. Cannot General Gillem intercept them?

JAS. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

LOUDON, September 8, 1864-3 p.m.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

By courier just in from Kingston Major Reeves reports the rebels moving up Sequatchie Valley. He, Reeves, is at work obstructing roads, &amp;c. His information is from citizens. Will hear from him again soon as scouts come in. Will keep you posted.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

