
TULLAHOMA, September 8, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just received information from a reliable man who was among the rebels under Robertson and Williams. He says they are badly scared, and says they have received an order from Wheeler to get out of this country as fast as possible, and that they are going toward McMinnville this morning. He says only stragglers are left along the railroad now. Can you get this information to General Gillem? We have but one company as cavalry here.

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 8, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The road from here to Wartrace was intact yesterday; don't know how it is this morning. Robertson and Wheeler passed from Shelbyville to Bell Buckle with 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery. Yesterday evening a part of this force was at Haley's water-tank. At dusk yesterday, and last night, small parties were prowling about Duck River bridge; did no damage. Have scouts out, but have not heard from them this morning.

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Murfreesborough, Tenn., September 8, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Tennessee:

MAJOR: A rebel force, variously estimated, but amounting probably to about 2,000, under Generals Williams and Robertson, passed through Shelbyville on the 6th, crossed the railroad between Bell Buckle and Wartrace, tearing up a few rails and burning a few ties. The slight damage is an evidence of haste. Yesterday, the 7th, passed through Beech Grove on the road to McMinnville, to which point they professed to be aiming. My scouts have not been able to learn anything definite respecting Dibrell since his rout by Colonel Jordan, of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, on the 6th. After collecting his scattered forces at Woodbury it is reported that he marched toward McMinnville. It is my impression that all these forces are aiming to make a speedy exit through East Tennessee. The road south is repaired. A train will leave here this morning for Chattanooga with the mail.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 8, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

Our latest information places Wheeler southwest of Columbia and making for the Tennessee River. Dibrell and Williams, with a force estimated at 1,200 to 2,000, have turned back, and are said to be going

