
capture of Williams, who was supposed to be coming toward the railroad with a view to effect a junction with Wheeler. Williams' whereabouts now is unknown. Before joining in the pursuit of Wheeler I was fortunate enough to have met Roddey and Johnson just as each party struck the railroad-one party at Athens; after short skirmish, in which we killed 3 and wounded 7 of the enemy, including one major, this party turned back; the next at Sulphur trestle, which party was pursued so vigorously by Colonel Prosser that they turned back; third, at Elk River, where enemy were met by Ninth Indiana Cavalry, and driven back. We did not meet them again, and I am informed they returned to Tennessee River and crossed in haste. I understand railroad will be opened to Nashville to-morrow. I repaired all the damage done this side of Lynnville myself. This was as far as I could go with my command.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, FIELD ORDERS, In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., No. 67. September 8, 1864.

I. The City of Atlanta, being exclusively required for warlike purposes, will at once be vacated by all except the armies of the United States and such civilian employees as may be retired by the proper departments of government.

II. The chief quartermaster, Colonel Easton, will at once take possession of buildings of all kinds, and of all staple articles, such as cotton, tobacco, &amp;c., and will make such disposition of them as is required by existing regulations, or such orders as he may receive from time to time from the proper authorities.

III. The chief engineer will promptly reconnoiter the city and suburbs, and indicate the sites needed for the permanent defense of the place, together with any houses, sheds, or shanties that stand in his way, that they may be set apart for destruction. Colonel Easton will then, on consultation with the proper officers of the ordnance, quartermaster, commissary, medical, and railroad departments, set aside such buildings and lots of ground as will be needed for them, and have them suitably marked and set apart. He will then, on consultation with Generals Thomas and Slocum, set apart such as may be necessary to the proper administration of the military duties of the Department of the Cumberland and of the post of Atlanta, and all buildings and materials not thus embraced will be held subject to the use of the Government as may hereafter arise, according to the just rules of the quartermaster's department.

IV. No general, staff, or other officers, or any soldier will on any pretense occupy any house or shanty, unless it be embraced in the limits assigned as the camp of the troops to which such general or staff belongs, but the chief quartermaster may allow the troops to use boards, shingles, or materials of buildings, barns, sheds, warehouses, and shanties, not needed by the proper departments of government, to be used in the reconstruction of such shanties and bivouacs as the troops and officers serving with them require, and he will also provide as early as practicable the proper allowance of tents for the use of the officers and men in their encampments.

V. In proper time just arrangements will be made for the supply to the troops of all articles they may need over and above the clothing,

