
provisions, &amp;c., furnished by Government, and on no pretense whatever will traders, manufacturers, or sutlers be allowed to settle in the limits of fortified places, and if these manage to come in spite of this notice, the quartermaster will seize their stores and appreciate them to the use of the troops, and deliver the parties or other unauthorized citizens who thus place their individual interests above that of the United States, in the hands of some provost-marshal, to be put to labor on the forts or conscripted into one of the regiments or batteries already in service.

VI. The same general principles will apply to all military posts south of Chattanooga.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[SEPTEMBER 8, 1864.-For Special Field Orders, No. 68, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, conveying thanks of the commanding general, &c., see Part I, p.87.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 121. East Point, Ga., September 8, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

III. Major General F. P. Blair, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, will, to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock, move his command from the right to the left of this army, and occupy a position selected, with which Captain Hickenlooper, of his staff, is acquainted, and which will be by him indicated.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 8, 1864.-For Special Field Orders, No. 104, headquarters Army of the Ohio (congratulatory, &c.), see Part II, p.521.]

NOTICE.] ATLANTA, GA., September 8, 1864.

To the Citizens of Atlanta:

Major-General Sherman instructs me to say to you that you must all leave Atlanta; that as many of you as want to go North can do so, and that as many as want to go South can do so, and that all can take with them their movable property, servants included, if they want to go, but that no force is to be used, and that he will furnish transportation for persons and property as far as Rough and Ready, from whence it is expected General Hood will assist in carrying it on. Like transportation will be furnished for people and property going North, and it is required that all contemplated by this notice will be carried into execution as soon as possible.

All persons are requested to leave their names and number in their families with the undersigned as early as possible, that estimates may be made of the quantity of transportation required.

JAMES M. CALHOUN,

Mayor.

