
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 9, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Last night your dispatch of the following dates were received: To General Halleck, August 31, 8 a.m.; to same, September 6, 3.30 p.m.; to Secretary of War, September 6, 3 p.m.; to General Grant, September 6, 3 p.m.; to General Halleck, September 7, 4 p.m.; to General Halleck, September 8 (hour not started); to Secretary of War, September 8, 8 a.m. Requisitions for the pay of your army have been in the Treasury for more than a month. It is believed that adequate funds will now be speedily provided, so that payment will be made promptly. The operations of your army and the condition of your lines of communication rendered the transmission of funds insecure, even if they could have been had. The first object of the Department will be the payment of your forces, and the most strenuous efforts will be employed to that end. You will please advise me when you think it safe to forward funds.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, GA., September 9, 1864-10 a.m. (Received 8 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

All our troops are now in position, comfortable and well. In a day or two I will have telegraphic communication from Roswell round to Sandtown, and can act promptly. A few of the enemy's cavalry followed us as far as Rough and Ready, and last evening General Hood sent in a flag of truce asking to exchange prisoners. I have about 2,000 in hand, and will exchange if he will make a fair deal. I have sent out my inspector-general to confer and agree, and to make arrangements for the exodus of citizens. I am not willing to have Atlanta encumbered by the families of our enemies. I want it a pure Gibraltar, and will have it so by October 1. I think General Rousseau and Steedman are stirring Wheeler up pretty well, and hope they will make an end of him, as Gillem has of Morgan. I have ordered renewed activity, and to show no mercy to guerrillas or railroad breakers. It makes a world of difference if "my bull gores your ox, or yours mine." Weather beautiful and all things seem bright.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

General WEBSTER:

Your dispatch is received. Even sutlers must be prohibited from coming to Atlanta. I will as soon as the railroad is open make arrangements for opening and supplying three stores, one at Atlanta, one at Decatur, and one at East Point, and allow them jointly one car a day. Telegraph all parties to push Wheeler and his bands to the death. Now is the time to strike them hard, and to wipe out all guerrilla bands.

