
RESACA, July 7, 1864.

Captain C. L. WHITE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is no telegraph office at Tilton. The train was captured early in the night, before Colonel Murray sent the 200 cavalry in search of enemy, and I advised him immediately upon receipt information from here in time to save the train. There should be a small cavalry force at Tilton, Calhoun, and Adairsville. Can a portion of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry be stopped at those points? I think the intervals are too great between troops along the line.

G. B. RAUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, July 7, 1864.

Captain C. T. GARDNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

My scouts who have been absent so long have just got in from Corinth, Bethel, &amp;c. Colonel William A. Johnson, commanding at Corinth, has three regiments and one battalion cavalry there. Forrest with his main forceps at Tupelo. Roddey is with him. Roddey was to take command at Corinth and Johnson was to return up valley Tuscumbia. State guard at Savanna had a skirmish with Burt Hays' guerrillas. Five companies of Roddey' command at or near Tuscumbia. Our gun-boats were up as high as Waterloo last week. Enemy have flat-boats at Eastport, mouth of Bear Creek. Enemy say that Nashville is the point they intend to aim for. Have taken four large droves of cattle out of the country and am continually collecting them. My scouts were captured by twenty-five of Forrest's command nine miles southwest of Lawrenceburg to-day. Have sent out a scout after the enemy.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Major Polk, assistant adjutant-general, Nashville.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 7, 1864.

General E. R. S. CANBY,

New Orleans:

Your dispatch of 27th of June* is received, and is very agreeable news. I think Generals Smith and Mower can taken of Forrest. We have fought Johnston steadily back for 100 miles over very difficult ground, fortified at immense labor. I don't think our loss exceeds that of the enemy. It has been one immense skirmish with small battles interspersed. This army remains strong in numbers and spirits, and has been wonderfully supplied. Though repeatedly broken, our railroad and telegraph are in good order to the rear, and I have depots of supplies accumulated at fortified points to my rear. Atlanta is in sight, and is defended by a well handled

---------------

*See Vol. XLI.

---------------

