
Show them no mercy. I will exchange with Hood about 2,000 prisoners that I have in hand. Our success has been very complete, and I want to make it thorough from the Ohio River to Atlanta, so that we may use Atlanta hereafter as a base.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my command left camp near Sykes' house at 7 a.m. and marched for Atlanta via the direct road leading there. At 10.30 a.m. my head of column reached the city; then, without halting we marched through it and out the Decatur road to the place designated for our present camp. At this place the head of column arrived at 11.30 a.m. Two of my divisions (First and Third) are in line of battle, facing southward, a short distance south of the Decatur railroad, the right about two miles from Atlanta. Kimball's division is on the right in Wood's on the left. My Second Division (Newton's) is in reserve, in close supporting distance. The ground we occupy is a very good defensible position. Part of it was occupied by the Seventeenth Army Corps on August 22. Our left has not yet made connection with the Army of the Ohio, though the right of said army is not far from it.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 9, 1864.

General WHIPPLE:

The three brigades of rebel cavalry now retreating toward East Tennessee are commanded by Brigadier-General Cerro Gordo [John S.] Williams, and Robertson, and Colonel Dibrell. General Milroy has sent out after them, through McMinnville, the Ninth Pennsylvania and Fifth Tennessee Cavalry. Honorable Edmund Cooper, of Shelbyville, reports Williams' and Robertson's force out of ammunition, only partially armed, and the men and horses much worn. General Starkweather just telegraphs from Pulaski that he has news that General Taylor has crossed into Mississippi, and is concentrating with Forrest to enter West Tennessee and cross the river.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of General Rousseau.)

PULASKI, September 9, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major-General Rousseau concentrated all forces of Generals Steedman and Granger with his own at Athens, and has moved on toward Tennessee River again to-day. Major-General Milroy has returned to Tullahoma. Cars will reach Columbia to-morrow going north. All right south. Country is filled with strolling bands of the enemy, who

