
have been lost from their commands, as also those who were part of a Tennessee brigade of enemy which was disbanded for thirty days. We have news that General Taylor has crossed into Mississippi, and is concentrating with Forrest to enter West Tennessee and cross river. Enemy surrounded Clifton last Thursday. My scout arrived direct from Savannah yesterday. All from fifteen to fifty-five have been conscripted in Mississippi. The country there is full of stragglers. Have our hands more than full here. Losses on our part small.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHR,

Brigadier-General.

ATHENS, ALA., September 9, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

SIR: The accompanying dispatch just received from Brigadier-General Starkweather. I have ordered Colonel Lyon, at Huntsville, to concentrate all the mounted force along the railroad at Woodville, and the infantry at his disposal to be ready with three days' rations to move to any point by rail. Have directed him to instruct all his forces, however small, to retard the enemy's progress by every means in their power, and to attack him wherever found.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER.

While writing this a second telegram was received from Milroy to you. I took the liberty to open i, as it might determine my movements. I have accordingly recalled the order from Colonel Lyon to concentrate. I conceive there can be no necessity of my going now to Woodville.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

PULASKI, September 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Athens:

My scouts just in report that Williams' command was near Shelbyville yesterday, moving south. Dispatch by my courier-line just received from Major-General Milroy, in which he states his arrival at Fayetteville at 2 p.m. yesterday; had captured 3 rebel soldiers, 2 of Williams' and 1 of Wheeler's commands. Williams was going south through Winchester, he thinks, and will either cross the railroad at Decherd or go on to the river and cross at some place above Huntsville. He, General Milroy, moved toward Tullahoma last night. Enemy in small bands infesting the whole country; cannot do much against them, as I have no cavalry to spare. The One hundred and second Ohio all patrolling the road north.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 9, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

I arrived here this morning at 6.30. I find that Williams passed through Wartrace yesterday with his whole force, in the direction of

