
the 8th, and left immediately for month of Elk River, where Wheeler was reported to be. Two regiments left by General Steedman had been ordered forward, which looks as if they had found the enemy.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

General Rousseau not been heard from since the 8th, on which day he left Athens with his cavalry and infantry in pursuit of Wheeler's main force, joined by Roddey, toward Lamb's Ferry, near Rogersville, on the Tennessee River. General Milroy, with Spalding's brigade of Tennessee cavalry and small fragments of other regiments, has been occupied during the raid with a force of two brigades under the rebel General Williams, about 2,000 strong, which crossed the Chattanooga road, going west, some three days ago, after Wheeler. His force has been so closely pressed by General Milroy that it has done no damage of consequence, and was unable to form a junction with Wheeler, so it recrossed the railroad on the 7th, going east in the direction of McMinnville. On the 6th the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry attacked Dibrell's forces, variously estimated at from 1,000 to 2,000 strong, near Readyville, killing 25, wounding many, and capturing 130 prisoners. Dibrell has joined Williams, and the two will likely endeavor to go out through East Tennessee. In all this raid of Wheeler's only one bridge has been destroyed, that at Stewart's Creek, this side of Murfreesborough, where the block-house surrendered without loss of blood; all the damage done will be repaired in a day or two. A train left Murfreesborough for Atlanta with mail this a.m.; the regular trains on the Nashville and Chattanooga road have up steam to leave here at 2 p.m. to-day. There are still straggling bands of the enemy in the vicinity of the railroads, but not sufficient force to do material damage.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of General Rousseau.)

ATHENS, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

Major-General Rousseau was at Shoal Creek with his command 8 a.m. to-day. He informs me that Wheeler has sent his broken-down horses to the west side of Tennessee River and has shod up the rest, and is moving, together with a part or all of Roddey's command, below Florence. The latest report is that he is on the Savannah road. The major-general requests me to telegraph General Thomas to send a brigade of infantry to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad between Tullahoma and Nashville. It is believed the road will be opened to-morrow.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff:

One hundred and eight rebel cavalry were moving west near Shelbyville this a.m. General Milroy telegraphs that a guide, who was

