
pressed by this party, reports that they were sent by Williams to meet Wheeler at Muscle Shoals and report to him at Williams was out of ammunition, and if attacked would have to surrender, and asked that Wheeler would make a diversion in his favor south of the Tennessee River above Chattanooga.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS, September 10, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER:

Generals Rousseau, Steedman, and Granger formed a junction at this place on the 8th, and left immediately for the mouth of Elk River, where Wheeler was reported to be. We have no news from them, but yesterday two regiments left here by General Steedman were ordered up, which looks as if they had found the enemy.

E. B. KIRK,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, September 10, 1864.

Major S. B. MOE:

The brigades of Generals Williams, Robertson, and Dibrell are retreating eastward through McMinnville, followed by the Ninth Pennsylvania and Fifth Tennessee Cavalry. These troops are about out of ammunition, and have sent a party of 100 men to meet Wheeler at Muscle Shoals to notify him of this fact, and to ask that Wheeler make a diversion in their favor south of the Tennessee River above Chattanooga. The fact that these forces going eastward are out of ammunition came from two or three sources. Nothing has been heard from General Rousseau since the 8th.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General STARKWEATHER,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

Williams has sent 100 men to overtake Wheeler at Muscle Shoals, to report that the former was out of ammunition, and desired a diversion made in his favor by Wheeler south of the river above Chattanooga. This party will likely cross the railroad about fifteen miles south of Columbia. If you have any cavalry please look after this party.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 10, 1864.

Colonel CAMPBELL,

Athens:

Inform Generals Rousseau and Granger that statement as to movements of Williams' command is correct-moved through Cornersville

