
toward Shelbyville and then in direction of Wartrace. After Colonel Spalding left Elkton a body of the enemy, reported 500 strong, were reported there; 300 passed this side of Lynnville yesterday going south. Two hundred passed south of this post going south. No cavalry here more than enough to keep up patrols and follow small bodies.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP ON SHOAL CREEK, September 10, 1864.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU:

GENERAL: I would join you at once but for the information contained in the dispatch of Colonel Jackson herewith forwarded. I have no confidence in the information from Starkweather, for I am satisfied he transmits every idle rumor that reaches him as information. Wheeler is beyond all doubt trying to cross the river, and will do so as soon as we permit him. I think we ought to press him. If you hear a few discharges of artillery you * * * getting the boats of the enemy from the south side of the river. My other brigade reached Elk River at daylight this morning. Will send you further information from Jackson as soon as I receive it.

With esteem, truly yours,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

[NOTE.-Original mutilated; part missing represented by stars.]

HUNTSVILLE, [September 10, 1864.]

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Tennessee:

General Granger directs me to say "that I have information from Whitesburg that Roddey, with 1,000 men, camped last night twelve miles from there, on the opposite side of the river, en route to cross the river at some point near Guntersville. A scout of seventy-five men has been sent to Claysville, and the gun-boat is to patrol the river in the neighborhood."

W. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin, Commanding Railroad Defenses.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,In the Field, September 10, 1864.

Captain MATTHIAS:

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Say to the general that if he desires I can be in Florence by daybreak, or sooner if he desires it. In the event he will not need my brigade longer, I am anxious to return to where I can resume the arming and equipment of it, and wish to leave for Columbia early in the morning unless your order to the contrary. In the event the general does not need us longer, and is willing I should go, I desire to know what to do with the battery and Colonel Roper's detachments.

I am, very respectfully,

JNO. T. CROXTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

