HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

Colonel T. R. STANLEY:

If you can fit two of the steam-boats at Chattanooga, putting on board of each some artillery and a sufficient force of infantry to make them secure, I wish you to do so, and have them patrol the river, if possible, as far up as Loudon bridge, and between that point and Chattanooga, keeping a good watch for any attempt at crossing on the part of the enemy, destroying all ferry-boats found along the river, and arresting the parties owning them or having them in possession, as all such boats have been prohibited by my order some time since.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Decatur, Ala., or Athens:

Send dispatch to Major-General Rousseau that Williams is trying to escape through East Tennessee, and that the railroad is no longer in danger. That he is to press Wheeler with all his might and try to destroy him.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, September 11, 1864-11.35 p.m.

Major-General MILROY:

General Thomas telegraphed that he wants Colonel Spalding to continue the pursuit of Williams and destroy him entirely, if possible; let the pursuit be kept up. Please telegraph me how much force you have sent out.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 11, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Spalding does not belong to my command. I left him with the Tenth and Twelfth Tennessee at Pulaski on the 7th instant. Don't know where he is now. I only have the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, and they have but 300 mounted men for duty. On my return here General Van Cleve informed me that the Ninth Pennsylvania had arrived at Murfreesborough, and I dispatched him to order that regiment to McMinnville on the 10th instant, and I ordered the Fifth Tennessee to meet the Ninth Pennsylvania there, and to proceed in pursuit of Williams. The Fifth Tennessee went to McMinnville in obedience of order, but finding that the Ninth Pennsylvania had not arrived, returned here to-day. These regiments united are too small to pursue Williams, who is 2,000 strong, but if they are placed at my disposal I will pursue the enemy. The Fifth reports to me that Williams is at Sparta. Spalding is not the man to carry out General Thomas' orders.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

54 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V

