
MURFREESBOROUGH, September 11, 1864.

(Received 10.50 p.m.)

Major CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, camps to-night two miles from Woodbury. He met a scouting party of 150 men from Williams' rebel division at Woodbury, and drove them toward Lebanon. The prisoners report Williams at Sparta, and that they were sent to communicate with Wheeler. Colonel Jordan marches in the morning for McMinnville.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 11, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

No late news from Wheeler. He is trying to get across the Tennessee at the Shoals. From 200 to 300 of his forces have turned back eastward, are out of ammunition, and only anxious to get away. The country below is full of stragglers. Our roads are but little injured, and will be repaired in a day or two.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, TENN., September 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

I telegraphed you this morning of my return from the Tennessee River, after having driven Wheeler across. Am now in receipt of your dispatch of yesterday sent to General Granger, in which I am directed to cross the river and press Wheeler and destroy him if possible. General Croxton's brigade of cavalry is marching on the military road to Columbia, and will reach there this evening. Another portion of the cavalry is here and rest at Athens or on way there. I have no doubt you expected your dispatch to reach me the command was together and near the river. As matters now stand I deem it proper to await further orders.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

PULASKI, September 12, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Rousseau and staff arrived here last night, having left Florence yesterday morning, where [Wheeler] crossed to the west side of the Tennessee River, with the main part of his command, at and below Florence on the 10th. A portion of Roddey's command is supposed to be yet on this side of the river. Nothing positive known about the reported crossing of some of Forrest's forces at Clifton. General Steedman is returning to Athens with his infantry. Colonel Spalding's command of cavalry will be here to-day, and General Croxton's brigade will be at Columbia this evening. General Rousseau will start for Nashville as soon as a train can be obtained, and wishes to have one sent out from Nashville as far as the break in the road to meet him.

ALFRED MATTHIAS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

