
authorities, the command was delayed two hours and forty-five minutes, awaiting the arrival of three engines and the cabooses. We left Whiteside's Station about 12.50 p. m., arrived at Bridgeport, taking on the train at that point the Thirty-ninth Iowa Regiment, and reached Stevenson at 1.10 p. m. At this point the command was again delayed one hour and forty-five minutes by the local agent, Mr. Irish, for the purpose of changing engines and conductors. Mr. Irish also took the responsibility of cutting up one of the sections of the train and joining the cars belonging to it on the other four sections. By this some of the regiments were scattered upon three or four trains, and the horses of the artillery separated from the pieces. The expedition reached Murfreesborough at 10.30 p. m., and was disembarked from the train at that point. After several hour's rest, to give the troops an opportunity to cook their rations, the command moved out upon La Vergne pike at 2.30 p. m. [a. m.] and marched to that point, reaching there at 9 a. m. Here a messenger was dispatched to General Rousseau, and awaiting his reply the command rested in camp. At 5 p. m., no word having been received from General Rousseau, the command was got in readiness to move, when it was reported to the general commanding that a column of the enemy was moving down the Lebanon pike in the direction of the town. The command was immediately moved into position, and the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers Infantry deployed as skirmishers. The enemy advanced within sight of the skirmish line, but seeing or learning our force from the inhabitants, fell back, refusing attack. The command then moved up the pike toward Murfreesborough, crossing Stewart's Creek, and taking up position at the church two miles from the creek. Here on the next morning, the 3rd of September, the enemy again tried to cross, but finding us in their front again retired and moved up toward Lebanon. At the time the enemy fired upon our pickets, General Milroy had sent word of his coming up with his cavalry, and the command waited until his arrival before moving. At 9 a. m. General Milroy arrived, and line was formed. The command moved forward in line for one mile, when it was found that the enemy had left our front. Pursuit was commenced and kept up as far as old Jefferson Crossing of Stone's River. The command then halted and rested, and then moved over to the railroad, where it had been destroyed by Wheeler. The trains arrived here during the night, and at daylight of the 4th of September the command was again embarked upon the train and moved to Murfreesborough. At 9 a. m. General Milroy sent word that the enemy was crossing the Salem pike five miles from town, and the command was at once moved in that direction. While upon the march word was received that the enemy had gone in full retreat, and General Milroy was in pursuit. The command was moved back to Murfreesborough, where it remained until 10 a. m. September 5, when we moved upon the trains toward Tullahoma, repairing some 300 feet of track near Christiana. Upon arriving at Tullahoma a request was received that the general should move his command to Huntsville and Pulaski. Arrangements were made to comply with this request, and the expedition arrived in Huntsville upon the trains at 8.30 a. m. of the 6th of September. Rations were drawn here by the men, and the expedition proceeded to Pulaski, arriving there at 8.30 p. m., where it remained all night. On the morning of the 7th the command was moved to Athens, and disembarked about 12 m. Here word was received that Generals Rousseau and Granger were making for the same point, and we awaited their arrival. In the mean time Colonel Streight, commanding First Brigade, was sent with his own and the Third Brigade to Rogersville.

