HEADQUARTERS KELLY'S DIVISION,July, 2, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD:

I have the honor to state that scout just returned states that it found the enemy's pickets at Roberts' house, on the Bell's Ferry road, about a quarter of a mile this side of McAfee's house. Their line extended both to the right and left of the road at this point.

Very respectfully,

J. H. KELLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

July 2, 1864-1.30 p. m.

The army will change position to-night.

1. The Army of Mississippi will withdraw its artillery at dark and its infantry at 10 p. m.

2. Hardee's and Hood's corps will move their artillery at dark, their infantry at 11 p. m.

3. Each corps commander will leave on the lines such rear guard as he may think proper until 1 a. m., then to be withdrawn and followed by the skirmish line.

4. The corps will move by routes already indicated to the commanders of each, and take position in two lines on the new line indicated.

5. The reserve artillery will be protected by the corps in whose line it is serving and take the route of the corps.

6. Wheeler's cavalry will cover the infantry from General Hood's left to General Loring's right.

7. Corps commanders will send their spare carriages of every description to the rear at or before sunset.

8. General Johnston will move with the center column.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

SMYRNA CHURCH, July 3, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The extension of the enemy's intrenched line several miles nearer the Chattahoochee than our left has compelled us to fall back about six miles.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., July 3, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: My scouts report the enemy with infantry and cavalry near Sweet Water bridge, but could not ascertain their force. They think they camped there last night. The enemy in front of my position on the Sandtown road remain quiet; no movements made by them this morning. I have made no change in my line, but have detached the Third Texas and sent them to guard the road, which my dispatch of yesterday informed you came into my rear.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

