
MASON AND TURNER'S FERRY, East Bank, July 4, 1864.

[General J. E. JOHNSTON:]

GENERAL: The following are the ferries and crossings between this point and Gorman's Ferry, twelve miles southwest:

Green's (private) Ferry: A mile and a half southwest of this point. Hills on the west side command the ferry; ferry not fortified or guarded, and ferry-boat still there.

Green and Howell's Ferry: Three miles southwest of this point. Ferry fortified on east side; redan with one piece of artillery, and rifle-pits for 100 or 150 men. Two companies (seventy-five men) guard the ferry. Boat on the east side river.

Howell's (old) Ferry (now disused): One mile southwest of Green and Howell's, fordable in dry weather. Ferry not fortified or guarded. No ferry-boat at this point now.

Wilson and Baker's Ferry: Three miles southwest of Green and Howell's; fortified on east side for 100 men.

Sandtown: Two miles southwest from Wilson and Baker's; fortified on east side by rifle-pits for 100 or 150 men. Ferry-boat on east side of river.

Adaholt's: Two miles southwest from Sandtown Ferry; fortified on east bank of river, with rifle-pits for 100 or 150 men.

Gorman's: Two miles southwest of Sandtown; fortified on east side, and guarded by one company.

At most, if not all, the ferries mentioned above as now in use the ascent and descent to and from the river on either side is good for artillery or wagons. The highest ground and most commanding positions for artillery, in my judgment, are found on the west bank of the rive-that is the bank from Atlanta. On our (the east) side, in some instances, pretty fair positions of artillery a little back from the river can be obtained.

Brigadier-General Humes' division of cavalry (two brigades) has just passed down the river for the purpose of re-enforcing the State troops at the crossings mentioned above. I have furnished the commanding officer with a guide and all information I had. On yesterday evening at 4 o'clock the enemy were moving bodies of infantry, number not known, to and around Sweet Water Factory. A position of this cavalry, evidently on a reconnaissance, appeared opposite to Adaholt's Ferry, but on being fired upon by the State troops retired.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. CLARE,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,July 4, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: By direction of General Johnston your reserve brigade with be sent to-morrow morning to report to Lieutenant-General Hood, at the Eden house. General Hood will send a guide to conduct it.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Bate.)

