HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,July 4, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General BATE:

GENERAL: General Hardee directs that your reserve brigade be sent to report without delay to General Cheatham at Bowie's house. A guide will be sent you to conduct the brigade as soon as possible: meantime let it be ready to move.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

General Lewis will be ready to move as soon as he can, and report to General Cheatham as directed within. The guide will be on hand directly.

WM. B. BATE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LORING'S DIVISION,In the Field, July 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: My scouts have just returned from the front, and report three regiments of the enemy's infantry moving to our right in the direction of the Pace's Ferry road. Since I saw you this morning one of my regiments has been put in the trenches, extending my line farther to the right. If you are attacked in force I will give you further assistance if you will communicate with me. Would it not be advisable to put as much artillery in position on your line as possible? Should any further disposition be made of the troops on my line, so as to prevent me from giving you assistance in the event of your being attacked, I will immediately advise you of the fact.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Ga., July 4, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: My command has just repulsed, and then charged in brilliant style, a heavy column of infantry at least one brigade strong, driving them pell-mell for half a mile, running them back on their battery, and forcing them to draw off to keep it from falling into our hands. The flag bearers of two of my regiments were shot down. My loss is not very heavy.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

