
RICHMOND, July 6, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Yours of 1st received 3d; 4th received after President had acted on the request for officers in yours of 5th, which was received earliest through some bad management at telegraph office.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

General WHEELER:

General Johnston wishes you to observe the river closely from Pace's Ferry to a point opposite our right. What was the fate of the bridge?

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS, &amp;c.,

Chattahoochee, July 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HOOD:

Corps commanders will send and keep on the south bank of the river the ordnance wagons and caissons and all the wagons they can possibly space from the headquarters of their regiments, brigades, and divisions. The expenditure of ammunition will be supplied every morning by drawing from the trains on the south bank. The importance of keeping the bridges free is apparent.

By order of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Lieutenant-General Hardee and Major-General Loring.)

RICHMOND, July 7, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

The announcement that your army has fallen back to the Chattahoochee renders me more apprehensive for the future. That river, if not fordable, should not be immediately in your rear, and if you cross, it will enable the enemy without danger to send a detachment to cut your communications with Alabama, and, in the absence of the troops of that department, to capture the cities, destroy the mines and manufactories, and separate the State by a new line of occupation. At this distance I cannot judge of your condition or the best method of averting calamity. Hopeful of results in Northern Georgia, other places have been stripped to re-enforce your army until we are unable to make further additions, and are dependent on your success. Efforts have been made and are still making to organize the reserves as an auxiliary force for State defense. You well know what progress has been made in Georgia and Alabama.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE, July 7, 1864.

To His Excellency J. E. BROWN, Governor:

I have the pleasure to inform you that the State troops promise well, and have already done good service. While the army was near Marietta

