
they were employed to support the cavalry on the extreme left, and occupied a position quite distinct from any other infantry of ours. According to all accounts their conduct in the presence of the enemy was firm and creditable. Such Federal parties as approached the crossing-places of the Chattahoochee guarded by them have been driven back. These proofs of their valor make me anxious that their number be increased. Is it possible? You know that the distinguished officer at their head is competent to high command.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JULY 7, 1864.

General WHEELER:

General Johnston informs you that a battery for five guns has been completed on the east side of the river opposite to our right flank. He wishes you to observe closely, and if the enemy should bring forward his left flank to put the guns in position at once and open on him.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

There has been sharp cannonading on Hood's line this evening. Nothing else of interest.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,July 7, 1864.

[General P. R. CLEBURNE:]

GENERAL: In case of a movement across that Chattahoochee, yours and General Walker's divisions will cross at the second pontoon bridge below the railroad bridge. A corps inspector will show your inspector the route to it, and Lieutenant-General Hardee directs that you cause the road to be opened or repaired as may be necessary.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S CORPS, Numbers 86. In the Field, July 7, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions from army headquarters, Lieutenant General A. P. Stewart is relieved from duty with this corps, and will comply with orders of the army commander heretofore sent him.

II. Brigadier General John C. Brown is relieved from duty in command of Hindman's division, and will at once assume command of Stewart's division.

By command of J. B. Hood, lieutenant-general, commanding:

J. W. RATCHFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR CHATTAHOOCHEE RAILROAD BRIDGE,

July 8, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT, Richmond:

SIR: I have received your dispatch of yesterday. Our falling back was slow. Every change of position has been reported to General

