
Bragg. We have been forced back by the operations of a siege, which the enemy's extreme caution and greatly superior numbers have made me unable to prevent. I have found no opportunity for battle except by attacking intrenchments. It is supposed in the army that Sherman's immediate object is the capture of Atlanta. A part of our troops is on the north side of the river intrenched, and, having six bridges behind it, so that we do not think it exposed. It is believed here that there are 16,000 cavalry for defense of Mississippi and Alabama, and, therefore, that the enemy cannot make a detachment able to invade that department. Might not 4,000 of this cavalry prevent the danger by breaking up the railroad between the enemy and Dalton, thus compelling Sherman to withdraw?

J. E. JOHNSTON.

JULY 8, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Please watch the force you mention as on this side of the river, and whenever it moves impede its march as much as you can, destroying bridges after you. Give notice of all the roads by which they move also.

Respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

General Johnston intends Walthall's division for a reserve to the cavalry, and does wish it spread out along the river, in positions.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

JULY 8, 1864.

Colonel ANDERSON, Commanding Brigade:

SIR: I am requested by Captain Bettis, of the First Confederate, who is picketing at Powers' Ferry, to write you that owing to the advance of the enemy on the road leading from Shallow Ford, at Mr. Isham's, to Atlanta, he will withdraw his pickets from the river and place them on the road upon which the Yankees are moving. The situation of country is such that he would be in danger of being cut off should he stay at the ferry. The Yankees are supposed to be in considerable force and of all arms.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

B. FRANK BURKETT,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company I, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS HANNON'S BRIGADE,July 8, 1864-about 5 p. m.

Captain TERRETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Kelly's Division:

CAPTAIN: Scouting parties of the enemy have made their appearance all along my front to-day as far up as McAfee's Bridge. I think

