
Fourth. Bate's division will cross at the upper of the two pontoon bridges assigned this corps, and Walker and Cleburne at the lower one.

Fifth. All the skirmishers of this corps will cross at the upper pontoon bridge.

Sixth. The divisions of this corps will move on the road southwest of the railroad, and will halt at the place indicated to division commanders.

Seventh. Major-General Cleburne will leave Polk's brigade and a battery of artillery, and Major-General Walker will leave Mercer's brigade and a battery at points to be indicated by the lieutenant-general.

Eighth. The lower pontoon bridge will be taken up by the engineer corps as soon as the rear of Cleburne's infantry has passed, notification of which will be given by a staff officer of Lieutenant-General Hardee. Major-General Cleburne will leave detail of seventy-five men to assist in taking up the brigade.

Ninth. The skirmishers of this corps, after having passed the upper pontoon bridge, will be formed to protect the bridge until is burned.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, July 10, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

On the night of the 8th the enemy crossed at Isham's, or Cavalry Ford; intrenched. In consequence we crossed at and below the railroad, and are now about two miles from the river, guarding the crossings.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,July 10, 1864-2 p. m.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

MAJOR: I am to the right of Colonel Dibrell, on a road that leads from Buck Head to Roswell (called the river road). My pickets connect with Colonel Dibrell's to my left, and I scout across to Colonel Gaines', on my right. To my front two roads turn off to the left, one going to Isham's and the other to Stephens' Ford. I am picketing these three roads. General Kelly, in accordance with the instructions of Lieutenant Pointer, will move Dibrell's brigade over to the right. I sent scouts through the enemy's lines last night, but they have not returned. The force at Isham's is not large. The Yankees have not advanced to-day from any point between Roswell and Powers' Ferry. If our infantry all fall back the cavalry on this road will be in danger of being cut off. The Yankee force that crossed between Roswell and Pace's Ferry in advancing will move by concentric roads to Buck Head, which is five miles in my rear, and not more than four or five miles from Pace's Ferry. The road from Pace's Ferry should be held until the troops from this road can move out. I think it would have been better to have moved me to the right of Colonel Gaines, which would have left General Kelly's division together; as it is, I am between Anderson and the balance of Kelly's command.

Very respectfully,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

