HEADQUARTERS KELLY'S DIVISION,Near Cross Keys, July 10, 1864-6 p. m.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that I have just arrived at this point with Dibrell's brigade. Colonel Hannon reports all quiet in his front; he also reports the force which crossed at McAfee's Bridge to have withdrawn to within half a mile of the bridge, leaving only a small force this side of the river. Colonel Gaines reports the enemy in the vicinity of Roswell to have erected fortifications. Their force is cavalry. I am establishing a courier line from this point to corps headquarters, passing by way of Buck Head.

Very respectfully,

J. H. KELLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE,July 10, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor very respectfully to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I have just received a communication from Captain Irwin, commanding my picket-line, telling me that in order to conform his line to that of General Williams and Colonel Dibrell he has been compelled to retire his line. The right of my present line is at Mrs. Gorman's, on the south bank of Long Island Creek, my left resting on the river about half a mile above the creek, which is about four miles above Pace's Ferry.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[JULY 10, 1864.-For the organization and strength of Johnston's army, see Part III, pp. 654, 679.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I am directed by the President to request that you will furnish him at once with official information in reply to the following questions: What re-enforcements have been sent to General J. E. Johnston since he took command of the army in Georgia, and at what times have they been sent? What force had he when he assumed command? What force has he now of infantry, what of cavalry, what of artillery? What force is there in General S. D. Lee's department, specifying infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and dividing into the commands of General Maury, of General Forrest, of General Roddey, &amp;c.?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

