HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' BRIGADE,Four miles north of Buck Head, July 12, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: There has been a perceptible movement of the enemy on this side of the river in my front in the last twenty-four hours, and that which is in my front I think is small and mostly infantry. It extends but a short distance above Isham' Ford. I am picketing the road picketed by Colonel Dibrell, as well as the Atlanta and Roswell road, the road I picketed when I first moved out here. The pickets on the Isham's Ford road are infantry, and only about half a mile from mine. The enemy has fortified around Isham's Ford.

Very respectfully,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., July 12, 1864.

General MARCUS J. WRIGHT, Atlanta, Ga.:

Governor Brown proposes to furnish 5,000 old men and boys for the emergency. You will receive such numbers as are tendered, mustering them into service for local defense, and issue arms to them from the ordnance stores, on which you are authorized to draw as required from the depot at Macon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

ATLANTA, July 13, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

Have just arrived without detention. Our army all south of the Chattahoochee, and indications seem to favor an entire evacuation of this place. Shall see General Johnston immediately.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

ATLANTA, July 13, 1864-1 p. m.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The enemy are reported by General Wheeler as having crossed two corps to this side of the river about nine miles above the railroad bridge. An official report has just reached General Wright that the enemy's cavalry, accompanied by artillery, crossed the Chattahoochee this evening nine miles from Newman. Were at last accounts advancing on that place. Our army is sadly is sadly depleted, and now reports 10,000 less than the return of 10th June. I find but little encouraging.

B. BRAGG.

ATLANTA, July 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Brigadier-General Jackson commands three brigades, which are severally under Brigadier-General Armstrong, Ferguson, and Ross. Effective total, 3,574. Total present, 5,370.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

