HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Vining's Station, Ga., July 8, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

In accordance with instructions the Rottenwood Creek bridge was strengthened, and a regiment marched this a. m. to the vicinity of the mouth of Soap Creek. I accompanied the regiment. The distance from my left to General Schofield's right is about five miles in a direct line and as much as seven by the practicable roads. His preparations for throwing the bridge were nearly in readiness at 3 p.m. to-day when I left. General Hazen reports the rebel pontoon bridge near Pace's Ferry now on this side of the river. He will endeavor to secure it to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

P. S.- My scouts, two of whom I left with General Schofield, have just returned; they report that General S[chofield] crossed four regiments over the river and secured a lodgment on the other side about one hour before sundown; then the enemy fired but two guns-one discharge from each, and these canister-and two musket-shots at them, and that the pontoon bridge would be laid by sundown.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH CORPS,July 8, 1864.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The pontoon bridge of the enemy was cut loose last night, probably while the firing was going on, believing we were about to cross. It floated to our side the river, and is lodged opposite my second picket station from the right. At night I will be able to attach ropes and make it fast.

Very respectfully,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Vining's Station, Ga., July 8, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Garrard is to effect a lodgement at Roswell Factory to-morrow morning, and as soon as he reports himself successful General Sherman is to send a corps of the Army of the Tennessee to that point. General McPherson is, however, so far away that it may become necessary to re-enforce him before that corps could reach there. You will therefore hold the division of your corps nearest Roswell Factory in readiness to move to that point whenever called on by General Sherman, to return upon the arrival of General McPherson's troops. The major-general commanding also that you make a display at daybreak to-morrow morning to cover the movements up the

