
opportunities, and find our army south of the Chattahoochee, very much decreased in strength. Our loss cannot be less than 20,000, without having fought a decisive battle. I deem it of the greatest importance that General Kirby Smith should be ordered at once, with at least half, if not a larger portion, of his army, on this side of the Mississippi River. Our success west of the Mississippi River has proven a disadvantage to us, since the enemy has re-enforced his army on this side, and we have failed to do so. The strength of the Army of Tennessee is such at this time as to render it necessary to have aid from General Kirby Smith-allowing that we should gain a victory over Sherman-to follow up our success and regain our lost territory. Our present position is a very difficult one, and we should not, under any circumstances, allow the enemy to gain possession of Atlanta, and deem it excessively important, should we find the enemy intends establishing the Chattahoochee as their line, relying upon interrupting our communications and again virtually dividing our country, that we should attack him, even if we should have to recross the river to do so. I have, general, so often urged that we should force the enemy to give us battle as to almost be regarded reckless by the officers high in rank in this army, since their views have been so directly opposite. I regard it as a great misfortune to our country that we failed to give battle to the enemy many miles north of our present position. Please say to the President that I shall continue to do my duty cheerfully and faithfully, and strive to do what I think is best for our country, as my constant prayer is for our success.

Respectfully,

J. B. HOOD,

Lieutenant-General.

MOORE'S BRIGADE, July 14, 1864.

(Via Newnan.)

General MACKALL:

I arrived here at 4 a. m. Found the enemy in possession of the bridge where General Humes' pickets had been surprised. I have a small portion of my brigade; ordered the remainder to follow. I think I can hold them in check until my troops get up. They are working on the bridge. The abutment was knocked down. They have an excellent position and have made breast-works. It is a division of cavalry, with artillery. I have heard of no infantry. Scouts report a cavalry column gone below.

With respect,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS WILLIAMS' CAVALRY BRIGADE,July 14, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wheeler's Corps:

MAJOR: Scouts from beyond the river report heavy masses of the enemy's infantry lying between the railroad and the Johnson's Ferry road. They say there is no infantry above the Johnson's Ferry road. The enemy seems to be resting. Some cavalry in the neighborhood of Roswell. A little skirmishing along my front last night and this morning. The pickets of the command to my immediate left are too weak;

