
they fell last night more than a mile, which left my camp exposed. I sent my officer of the day, who aided the captain of these pickets in re-establishing his line, but unless they are strengthened they will give way again.
Respectfully,

JNO. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, July 15, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

The enemy were driven back across the Chattahoochee near Newnan this morning by our cavalry before they reached the West Point railroad. Another corps of infantry has crossed above. Nearly all available stores and machinery are removed, and the people have mostly evacuated the town.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

ATLANTA, July 15, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, Richmond:

I have made General Johnston two visits, and been received courteously and kindly. He has not sought my advice, and it was not volunteered. I cannot learn that he has any more plan for the future than he has had in the past. It is expected that he will await the enemy on a line some three miles from here, and the impression prevails that he is now move inclined to fight. The enemy is very cautious, and intrenches immediately on taking a new position. His force, like our own, is greatly reduced by the hard campaign. His infantry now very little over 60,000. The morale of our army is still reported good.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

JULY 15, 1864.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: General Wheeler reported only this morning that the enemy's corps at Isham's Ferry advanced eastwardly three or four miles in the afternoon and intrenched. I did not give you this information sooner because I expected to see you here. I have not visited you because absolutely afraid to leave my quarters.

Respectfully,

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S DIVISION,July 15, 1864.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I am on duty in command of Martin's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED IVERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Headquarters a quarter of a mile outside breast-works on old Decatur road.

A. I.

56 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V.

