SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 167. Richmond, July 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Major J. E. McElrath, quartermaster, will relieve Major E. H. Ewing, quartermaster of Major-General Stevenson's division. Major Ewing on being relieved will report for duty with Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Cole, inspector-general field transportation.

VI. Major E. W. Baylor, quartermaster, is relieved from duty with General Strahl's brigade, and is assigned to duty with the brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Pettus.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1864.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Lieutenant General J. B. Hood has been commissioned to the temporary rank of general under the late law of Congress. I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that as you have failed to arrest the advance of the enemy to the vicinity of Atlanta, far in the interior of Georgia, and express no confidence that you can defeat or repel him, you are hereby relieved from the command of the Army and Department of Tennessee, which you will immediately turn over to General Hood.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]

Received night of July 17, 1864. Headquarters three miles from Atlanta, at Nelson's house, on Marietta road.

RICHMOND, July 17, 1864.

General JOHN B. HOOD:

You are charged with a great trust. You will, I know, test to the utmost your capacities to discharge it. Be wary no less than bold. It may yet be practicable to cut the communication of the enemy or find or make an opportunity of equal encounter whether he moves east or west. God be with you.

JAMES A. SEDDON.

JULY 17, 1864-6.30.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding:

GENERAL: The enemy seemed disposed to pass me by and move down the river. They have skirmished with me but slightly, but the firing below has been lively. Having gained the cross-road where my line first was they ceased all movement to my right, as far as I can ascertain. There is a wide interval between General Williams and myself.

Respectfully,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Brigadier-General.

