
river. If you could do something to make the rebels think that you intended to make use of the pontoon bridge to cross the river, it would serve as a continual threat to that point.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 8, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD, Ruff's Station:

It is all important I should know as soon as possible the general topography on the other side of the river, as to the practicability of the roads in every direction, especially toward Stone Mountain and Decatur. If you can catch a few people who ought to know all about it, send them to me. I will go to the extreme right to-day. General Rousseau will start from Decatur for Opelika to-morrow, and General Stoneman may feign down as far as Campbellton. I think the railroad bridge was burned last night. No other news.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Isham's Ferry, Chattahoochee, July 8, 1864-7 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have a division (General Cox's) across the river at this place. It has a good position, and is rapidly intrenching. Colonel Buell has laid one bridge and will have another across to-night. I spent most of the day in reconnoitering and perfecting arrangements to make success sure. All was done so quietly that they enemy was taken entirely by surprise, so that when my artillery and infantry opened from the west bank the enemy fled, leaving a piece of artillery, which fell into our hands. My men crossed by the ford and in boats at the same time without losing a single man. The enemy used his artillery upon our officers while reconnoitering during the day, but when we opened upon them they fired but a single shot and fled. I presume they were Brown's militia. We have gained the desired point, captured one piece of artillery and nobody hurt. I will give you information concerning roads, &amp;c., beyond the river as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,July 8, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Colonel D. CAMERON,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: You will make all your arrangements to commence crossing the river at 3.30 o'clock precisely, having your advance guard ready to enter the water at that time, and the brigade within easy supporting distance, but keeping all carefully hid till the last moment, when the

