
MONTGOMERY, July 19, 1864.

(Via Columbus.)

Colonel J. B. SALE:

The enemy still hold West Point railroad. Forces are moving forward to dislodge them. General S. D. Lee informs me 5,000 Thirteenth Army Corps passed Vicksburg on 16th, supposed going to White River, but reported Memphis. Nineteenth Army Corps (Franklin's) left New Orleans the 4th for Fort Monroe, 13,000 strong. Ought not Taylor's forces to cross Mississippi? I hear nothing from Johnston. Telegraph me to Columbus, Ga.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

July 19, 1864.

By direction of General Hood you will cause the banks of Peach Tree Creek to be thoroughly examined in front of your division; place a strong skirmish line there, and cause the best defenses that can be made to be placed there. The object is to enable a small force to resist the enemy's crossing for some time. General Hood considers this of great importance, and Lieutenant-General Hardee wishes you to give it your prompt attention.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, July 20, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Richmond, Va.:

Late yesterday evening a force of the enemy, supposed to be a brigade, crossed Peach Tree Creek and attacked Reynolds' brigade, Walthall's division, Stewart's corps. That brigade charged them handsomely, drove them back, capturing about 150 prisoners and 2 stand of colors. The enemy still crossing Peach Tree Creek in our front.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

ATLANTA, July 20, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 21st.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

At 3 o'clock to-day a portion of Hardee's and Stewart's corps drove the enemy into his breast-works, but did not gain possession of them. Our loss slight. Brigadier-General Stevens severely wounded. On our extreme right the enemy attacked Wheeler's cavalry with infantry, and were handsomely repulsed.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS,July 20, 1864-10.20 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood directs me to say that you must retard the enemy as much as possible; that General Jackson has been ordered to

