
JULY 20, 1864-6.45 [p. m.]

General WHEELER:

The enemy are pressing my center, which is only a single line for one mile. I am afraid it will not sustain itself. I have weakened my entire line to fill up the gap of one mile. I have sent word to General Brown to assist you if he can; you will communicate with him.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General.

BATE'S DIVISION, July 20, 1864-6 o'clock.

[General HARDEE:]

GENERAL: On reaching General Bate, I found that he had swung his division around, and was moving in a direction to strike the enemy's flank. Under the circumstances I thought his movement the best, and did not change it. He is now moving slowly onward, but it is necessarily slow, as the undergrowth is in place dense. I fear he will not be able to strike the enemy's flank much before dark. I sent Captain-with an order to Walker to swing around, and thought it best to come to Bate.

W. D. PICKETT.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Glenn's House, Ga., July 20, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The enemy's cavalry in some force have appeared in the vicinity of Howell's Ferry, and also in front of Green's. There are about two regiments, scouts report, now near Howell's Ferry. The force in front of Green's and between the two ferries is not yet known. I think there is one brigade in all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, July 20, 1864.

(Via Columbus 21st.)

Colonel J. B. SALE:

Such forces as could hastily be collected here, mostly infantry, are moving on the line of railroad and driving the enemy. The road is badly damaged, like the Danville, and will require much time for repairs, even if not disturbed. Another large raiding party is reported moving down from Talladega, and they will be constant. The road will be reconstructed and guarded as far as possible, but it cannot be relied on with the enemy in his present position. General S. D. Lee will be here to-day. He reports the enemy's whole force in Arkansas coming down the Arkansas and White Rivers in a fleet convoyed heavily by gun-boats. Destination not yet fully developed, but no doubt to operate in Mississippi or to re-enforce Sherman. Prompt, decided, and expeditious measures should be taken to bring our forces over to meet the emergency. Reply at Columbus.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

57 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT V.

