
SCHOFIELD'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 1, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The line has been down, so that I could not communicate with you till now. I got your dispatches about the position you desired me to take and about Stoneman's movements. I found it necessary to go beyond Wade's about three-quarters of mile to get control of the roads. I have got the desired position and am intrenching securely. The Powder Springs road comes in at Wade's; the Ruff's Mill road branches of one-quarter of a mile beyond Wade's, and intersects the Marietta road at Moss', only quarter of a mile from the Sandtown road, on which we moved. The Marietta road comes into the Sandtown road only half a mile from Moss', and three-quarters of a mile from Wade's. Hascall holds all those cross-roads, and his position is good. His artillery reaches the Nickajack, and his pickets are near it. The enemy seems to be in force beyond the creek. There is a cross-road leaving the Sandtown road about half a mile in front of Reilly and joining the Marietta road about half a mile to the left of Hascall. Cox has a brigade on that cross-road commanding the Marietta road. The rest of his troops are in their old position. I do not hear anything of Colonel Barter being relieved. I now need him very much. My two divisions are too far apart to support each other, but their positions are good. We will make them as strong as possible, and hold what we have if it is in our power. Stoneman reports this evening that he has found only a small rebel force west of the Sweet Water. He sent a detachment to Sweet Water Town and found the bridge there strongly guarded. I will send him your instructions. My loss to-day is not more than 50 killed and wounded, among them same valuable officers.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 1, 1864.

General SCHOFIELD:

If you apprehend the want of help I can order McPherson to send a division at once. Your positions all seem good. The bridge at Sweet Water is held by cavalry, or course, who will quit as soon as McPherson reaches Mrs. Mitchell's. He will not get there till the day after to-morrow.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, July 1, 1864-9.45 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I think it would be well for McPherson to send a division to-night. My positions are too important to be hazarded. There appears no force in my front this evening that can drive me away, but of course I cannot tell what there may be in the morning.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

