
movement must be made with dash and the men must be encouraged to overcome all obstacles. As soon as a regiment is over it will at once occupy defensible ground and feel down the river toward the point opposite the mouth of the creek, and as soon as the brigade is over it will boldly push for that point, with a view to occupy the ridge above, and cover the construction of the brigade. As a collateral movement, we shall ferry some troops across in the pontoon at the same time. Your officers will be on the lookout for these. If Colonel Casement commands the demi-brigade in advance, let him carefully read this dispatch before beginning the movement. The object is first to get a lodgment on the other side of the Chattahoochee, and second to push immediately for the point a little below Soap Creek and opposite so as to protect the bridge building, and connect with any troops we may be able to ferry over. Stop for nothing but heavy infantry force and artillery. After the movement is begun it will probably be easiest to communicate with me along the river-bank to the mouth of the creek.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,July 8, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Cameron is over with all his brigade but one regiment, which is left for reserve. Our skirmishers here have the river-banks, and we can progress as fast as Colonel Buell's are ready.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Chattahoochee River, July 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General LEGGETT, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: In conversation with General Sherman and McPherson to-day they expressed a desire that a demonstration should be made upon the river by this corps. General Blair, therefore, desires you to change your front, if possible, so as to effect this object. With this view it would be desirable to erect your batteries on the most favorable points to cover the enemy's lines and batteries on the eastern bank of the river, and to make such disposition of your troops as will protect them from the fire of the enemy. The general would like this change made, if possible, to-night. This feint is to cover a real crossing on the extreme left of the army.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Chattahoochee River, July 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department and Army of the Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the batteries of my command have almost entirely exhausted their supply of ammunition, particularly in the Fourth Division. I received a dispatch from the chief

