
anticipate serious opposition. Scouts inform me a column (could not tell whether cavalry or infantry, but think the latter), with artillery, marched from the railroad crossing in the direction of Atlanta. The prisoner says infantry was to cross after McCook's division, and Stoneman to follow with all his cavalry. I did not give up Turner's Ferry road, because, I thought General Humes' line [was] on that road, and I would thus have left [it] exposed. As it seems he does not hold it, I can see nothing to be accomplished by keeping it longer, and with your consent will withdraw the regiment to-night or early to-morrow morning. From the position assigned me here, I am too far to support the regiment. The enemy have a fine bridge at the first white house above the railroad crossing, and about two miles from the latter place. It is fifteen feet above water. Please send me all the reliable news from our lines by my couriers as they pass.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

MONTGOMERY, July 22, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

The order for General E. K. Smith not received by me. If you know what it is let me know, so it can be transmitted without delay. Several dispatches here for General Bragg alluding to order, but order itself not received. General Bragg left here yesterday for Columbus.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

WEST POINT, July 22, 1864.

General HOOD:

Have you information from General Bragg of a second raid passing through Talladega to Opelika?

JAS. H. CLANTON,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS,

July 22, 1864-6.20 a. m.

Lieutenant-General Steward directs that you have everything ready for action, everything hitched up and ready to move should the contingency arise. Should a flag of truce be sent to your lines let it be fully understood that no intercourse must be permitted, and no want of preparedness for continued action on the part of the command. Continue work actively on your trenches. The flag will be sent to General Hood's headquarters, and the bearer sent back with notice that an answer will be returned.

By command of Lieutenant-General Stewart:

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

