
RICHMOND, July 23, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

Major General M. L. Smith has been sent to report to you as chief engineer of your army. He has been serving in that capacity with General R. E. Lee throughout the present campaign in Virginia, and has won the highest reputation, and has the entire confidence both of the general and the army. You will find him an able counsellor and gallant soldier, and he is commended to your special regard.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

COLUMBUS, July 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Major-General Hidman is absent from his command sick, and will most probably never rejoin. I suggest that Major General Patton Anderson, its old commander, be sent back. Should Hidman return Anderson will still be needed. His present command is unimportant and may well be held by a brigadier from General Sam. Jones' department. This arrangement will give great satisfaction to General Hood and the troops.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

COLUMBUS, July 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

After learning the result of yesterday's operations at Atlanta, I have ordered Major General Patton Anderson to report to General Hood. It is important he should go immediately.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

COLUMBUS, July 23, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE:

In view of present condition I suggest the immediate completion of the railroad from this point direct to Montgomery, via Union Springs. Abut forty miles remain to be completed. Nearly all of this is graded ready for track. Iron can be had from unimportant roads in Florida, Alabama, and Georgia, and the works completed in three or four months. Its great advantage would be in affording means of running rolling-stock east and west of Montgomery by giving us a uniform gauge all the way from Richmond. I leave this evening for Atlanta, having sent forward a large brigade of good troops from this place.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[First indorsement.]

To Secretary of War, for his information.

[Second indorsement.]

To Engineer Bureau, for consideration and report.

J. A. S.

