
GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 5. July 24, 1864.

I. Detailed men employed as clerks in the staff departments of the army able to perform a soldier's duty in the field, and all other employees in those departments whose services can possibly be dispensed with, will be promptly returned to their commands, and remain with them till further orders. The interests of the public service require this in the present emergency, and officers are expected to perform their clerical duties in person.

II. Commanding officers and chiefs of departments are required to see that his order is faithfully executed, and corps commanders will report the number of men in their respective corps returned to ranks under its provisions.

By order of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, July 25, 1864:

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully urge the completion of the railroad from Columbus, Ga., to Montgomery, Ala., via Union Springs.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

[Indorsement.]

ENGINEER BUREAU,

July 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Meriwether, engineer, has been ordered to report on this connection at once. The want of iron will be the difficulty.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Bureau.

ATLANTA, GA., July 25, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

The moral effect of our brilliant affair of the 22nd has been admirable on our troops, and I am happy to say our loss was small in comparison to the enemy's. He was badly defeated and completely failed in one of his bold flank movements, heretofore so successful. Lieutenant-General Lee will probably arrive to-morrow, when I may return to Montgomery to see General Maury and hear from General Smith.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA MILITIA,July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General M. J. WRIGHT,

Commanding, Atlanta:

GENERAL: Please inform me how many men there are for duty in Stiles' battalion of artillery, and how many there are in the Fulton County militia present for duty, armed. I would be glad, too, if you

