
will inform me how many other men you have for duty. Colonel Anderson, of my staff, will hand you this, and I have requested him to communicate freely with you in regard to affairs in Atlanta.

Yours, very truly,

G. W. SMITH,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 7. In the Field, July 25, 1864.

SOLDIERS: Experience has proved to you that safety in time of battle consists in getting into close quarters with your enemy. Guns and colors are the only unerring indications of victory. The valor of troops is easily estimated, too, by the number of these secured. If your enemy be allowed to continue the operation of flanking you out of position, our cause is in great peril. Your recent brilliant success proves the ability to prevent it. You have but to will it, and God will it, and God will grant us the victory your commander and your country expect.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 8. In the Field, July 25, 1864.

I. No communications by flag of truce will be received by any officer of this army, unless it is clear that the communication is from the general officer commanding the U. S. forces and addressed to the officer commanding the Confederate forces. All other flags of truce will be promptly returned with their communications.

II. The attention of the army is earnestly called to General Field Orders, Numbers 3, from these headquarters, forbidding intercourse between the pickets of the enemy and our own.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 9. In the Field, July 25, 1864.

A provost guard will at once be established in each division of the army, to consist of sixty men, and to be placed under the command of an energetic and competent officer. The duties of the guard will be to prevent straggling and to receive prisoners.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV., Numbers 15. McGhee's Farm, Ga., July 25, 1864.

I. Officers on duty in front should not content themselves with merely observing if the enemy advance, but keep themselves informed of his movements, and report promptly whatever changes in his position or line occur during their tour of service. To this end, a few scouts should be kept constantly in front of the advanced vedettes and suffi-

