
of ordnance of this corps, who is now at Marietta, saying that there is no suitable ammunition at that depot, and he cannot ascertain where he will be able to obtain any. Under these circumstances, I have the honor to request that the batteries of this command may be supplied with ammunition from some other source.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 8, 1864.

General GARRARD, Roswell:

I have been to our extreme right and all well. Be active at daylight to-morrow to draw attention as far down the river as possible. The moment I hear you have made a lodgment on the south bank I will send a division up to re-enforce you, and it will be followed by one of McPherson's corps from the extreme right. From the nature of the ground I have no doubt you can hold the ground till re-enforced. It is better that no infantry should be seen there till you have made a good lodgment. Schofield will cross below you near the mouth of Soap Creek, and his lodgment will be as much a part of your as possible, for he will be between you and the main enemy. Send word the instant you get a good foothold and the troops will start. Audenried can guide them.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Chattahoochee, July 9, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I telegraph to you, and Mr. Secretary Stanton answers. Drop me a word now and then of advice and encouragement. I think I have done well to maintain such an army in such a country, fighting for sixty days, and yet my losses are made up by the natural increase. The assault I made was no mistake; I had to do it. The enemy and our own army and officers had settled down into the conviction that the assault of lines formed no part of my game, and the moment the enemy was found behind anything like a parapet, why everybody would deploy, throw up counter-works and take it easy, leaving it to the "old man" to turn the position. Had the assault been made with one fourth more vigor, mathematically, I would have put the head of George Thomas whole army right through Johnston's deployed lines on the best ground for go-ahead, while my entire forces were well in hand on roads converging to my object, Marietta. Had Harker and McCook not been struck down so early the assault would have succeeded, and then the battle would have all been in our favor on account of our superiority of numbers, position, and initiative. Even as it was, Johnston has been much more cautious since, and gives ground more freely. His next fighting line, Smyrna Camp-Ground, he only held one day.

I have got General Schofield across the Chattahoochee with two good pontoon bridges, without loss, and momentarily wait the news of

