
ciently near the enemy to observe his movements. The first duty of a picket commander, after his vedettes have been established, is to inform himself of the exact position of the enemy's vedetts and pickets, and to observe frequently during the day if they have been moved. Especially is it important to know early in the morning what changes may have taken place during the preceding night. It is therefore made the duty of each picket commander to forward very early each morning a report in writing of the exact position of the enemy, and what if any changes may have occurred since the evening before, and to report in person as soon as relieved at the expiration of his tour of service.

II. The officers and men are enjoined to arrest all persons attempting to pass through or about our lines, unless shielded by the proper written authority. It has been but a day or two since some members of the Legion, by their vigilance and prompt discharge of duty, did a most valuable service to our army and country by arresting one, who proved to be a Federal officer, escaped from prison and attempting to make his way to Yankee lines, with information which would have been of great importance to the enemy and might have injured us irreparably. We cannot be too vigilant. Uniforms and badges of rank are not sufficient passports, but all officers, as well as men, will be required to show their papers, and whenever the least doubt exists as to their authority to pass they will be arrested and sent to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, July 26, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Richmond:

No material change in affairs to-day. Lieutenant General S. D. Lee has reported and been assigned as ordered.

J. B. HOOD.

ATLANTA, July 26, 1864.

General COOPER:

I have assigned Brigadier-General Shoup to duty as chief of staff and Colonel R. F. Beckham as chief of artillery. I desire your approval and that Colonel Beckham be appointed brigadier-general.

J. B. HOOD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,July 26, 1864-12 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hood desires you to relieve General Hardee with your command, taking his position. You will move without delay, putting yourself in communication with him at once. You will leave a sufficient force on your right to give you certain information of the movements of the enemy, in case he should make any in that quarter, and to conceal, if possible, your withdrawal. General Hardee waits your movements.

Very respectfully,

F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.

