
CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,

July 26, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding, &c.:

General Hood directs that you put Kelly's division in motion toward Campbellton alone, and that you and General Kelly report in person at these headquarters without delay.

Very respectfully,

F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.

ATLANTA, July 26, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE:

Leave to-morrow to confer with Major-General Maury, in Montgomery, and urge matters beyond. Lieutenant-General Lee arrived and goes on duty to-day. He is most favorably received. Tone of army fine, and strength increasing daily. The death of Brigadier-General Stevens, the wounding of Gist, and inability and sickness of Mercer and Stovall leave four brigadiers vacant, and the material to select from inferior. Accordingly, ordered Henry R. Jackson from Savannah. All is quiet to-day.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,July 26, 1864-10.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The enemy have advanced to the church at Turner's Ferry and drove my pickets back to within half a mile of Lick Skillet. They seem desirous of extending their line down the river. They are as far down as the Green's Ferry road. Their pickets hold Green's Ferry road at Glenn's house. Some cavalry still in sight on the opposite side of the river.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Lick Skillet, Ga., July 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Captain Wright and Lieutenant McClatchey, who charged on one of the roads this evening with their companies, inform me that they ran over and captured within 200 yards of the enemy's works more of the enemy trying to escape on foot than they could take care of. Captain Wright turned them back to the rear as rapidly as possible, but they showed much reluctance to going, and just then the enemy opened with canister from their works, regardless of their own men in Captain W [right]'s possession, and all the prisoners fell on the ground and refused to run, whereupon Captain Wright and his men commenced killing them. They fired all their loads from pistols nd guns into them

