
and then retired for shelter from the artillery. Captain W [right] killed 2 and Lieutenant McClatchey fired six rounds at them. A column of cavalry passed up the river on the opposite side this evening just before dark, going in direction of Turner's Ferry. My scouts think it a brigade. The enemy did not advance from their works. My pickets are where they stood this morning.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 10. In the Field, July 26, 1864.

I. The attention of commanding officers is especially called to the importance of securing the arms and accounterments of our wounded, and those captured in all engagements with the enemy.

II. Corps ordnance officers will appoint a place in rear of the line, where the arms and accounterments gathered on the field shall be sent. The brigade wagons for carrying arms shall be placed in charge of a sergeant, who shall use them for hauling them to the place appointed. All empty ordnance wagons will also be used for this purpose. Should these prove insufficient, the corps ordnance officer will procure wagons from whatever, source he can.

III. Artillery ordnance officers are directed to give their special attention to the removal of artillery.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 58. In the Field, July 26, 1864.

* * *

III. The divisions of Major-Generals Loring, French, and Walthall, and Preston's, Myrick's, and Storrs' artillery battalions, commanded by Lieutenant General A. P. Stewart, will in future be known as "Stewart's corps."

IV. The cavalry division commanded by Brigadier General W. H. Jackson will in future report direct to army headquarters.

* * *

VI. Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, Provisional Army, is assigned to the command of the corps heretofore known as "Hood's."

* * *

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., July 27, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Richmond, Va.:

Last night the enemy drew back his left, abandoning some of his works, and has extended his right somewhat. A raid has started in the direction of Covington on the Georgia railroad. Our cavalry in pursuit.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

