
JULY 29, 1864-8.40 a. m.

(Received 9.25 a. m.)

General BROWN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Anderson will be assigned to command of Hidman's division. Upon being relieved by him the general desires you to report here in person.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

JULY 29, 1864-9.45 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General STEVENSON, Commanding Division:

Communicate with General Maney, and arrange your picket-line as you best can, holding as much ground as possible.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN, Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your letter making application for transfer to the Trans-Mississippi Department, addressed to General Cooper, has been referred to me. On conference with the President on the subject, he made the following indorsement:

A transfer and assignment to the Trans-Mississippi Department requires a previous inquiry as to a command there to which he can be consistently assigned. I would be pleased to relieve General Hidman of the embarrassment described in any practicable and proper manner. Physical disability for immediate service would justify a leave of absence.

I regret to say I know, and, upon inquiry, can receive intelligence of no command in the Trans-Mississippi Department to which you could be appropriately assigned. Indeed, there are already in that department more major-generals than divisions to be commanded, and appointments warmly recommended have been declined by the President because he did not deem that suitable employment could be found for the appointees. Very serious regret is felt by the Department at the physical disability and other causes the induce you to desire a transfer, but it is hoped that they may be removed without involving your permanent severance from the army with which you are connected. You will note the intimation of the President as to a leave of absence, and exercise your own choice with regard to making application for it.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MONTGOMERY, July 29, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE:

Have received your several dispatches. I did not know of the movement of Roddey's command in time to stop it. As soon as it can be assembled General Maury will return it to Blue Mountain and Gadsden. The move through that country will be good.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

