HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,July 29, 1864-4.30 a. m.

General JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

Your dispatch of yesterday, 6.30 p. m., just received. At same time one from General Jackson, dated near Campbellton, 28th, 9 p. m., stating that the force which crossed the river near that point was McCook's cavalry division. They were evidently making for the Macon and Western Railroad, moving via Fairburn. The commanding general directs that you send a force to co-operate with General Jackson, moving across to such point as you may deem best calculated to intercept the enemy. Use your own discretion in selecting force, and in general instructions given them. It is intended that you should exercise your own judgement in detaching this force from your command. General Jackson says:

I move in an hour to Fairburn, thence below to intercept or strike them in flank, and shall endeavor to protect railroad.

He has two brigade-Harrison's and Ross'-and will probably require assistance.

Very respectfully,

L. P. DODGE,

Aide-de-Camp.

(For Brigadier-General Shoup.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,July 29, 1864-2 p. m.

General WHEELER:

A raid from the left has struck the Macon railroad below Jonesborough about six miles. Troops have gone from here by rail. Important to prevent damage as far as possible. There is armed militia below on the road; should be advanced to prevent destruction north. Take such steps as your judgment suggests. Force unknown.

Very respectfully,

F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of staff.

P. S.-Have not heard from Jackson this evening.

JULY 29, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding:

Your dispatch of 9.20 a. m. received. The raid from our left has cut the Macon road below Jonesborough, as I have already informed you. The general thinks it is best not to order Humes or Ferugson direct, as you may have taken such steps as to produce a conflict of orders. Do what you think best. It is of great importance to prevent the destruction of the road. If you gain any information of moment send it toward Griffin and Macon. General Hood desires you return very much as soon as you can get through with those fellow in rear. He has most importance service for you.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

