
time. The men were exempt from conscription by reason of their skill, but the women were simply laborers that must be removed from this district.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, Ga., July 9, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that General Schofield has effected a crossing and lodgment, and has two bridges laid. He captured a gun and did not lose a man. The general commanding directs, also, that you will move one division at daylight in the morning to Roswell to support and make sure anything General Garrard may effect until they can be relieved by General McPherson's troops, who will march via Marietta. Let the division move without wagons and march by such roads as not to be seen by the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully,

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SHERMAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 9, 1864-1.30 a.m.

General THOMAS:

I think that inasmuch as General Schofield has made a lodgment that Johnston is forced in strategy to attack you or McPherson in the morning, or abandon this bank of the Chattahoochee altogether. He will not attempt to hold both shores after we have secured a crossing, which is already done. Indeed, the firing at this moment convinces me that he is withdrawing, and I have so instructed McPherson, and I wish you to do all that is possible to take advantage of the situation. Cannot Baird open with rifled artillery on the bridge, which will stampede the troops, and, it may be, force them to leave some artillery and stores? At daylight let your troops feel the enemy boldly, and, if not in force, endeavor to capture a part of them. This is not to interfere with sending a division, as before ordered, to Roswell Factory-a position of great importance to us, and to which I have ordered Dodge's corps, with strong pioneer parties, to fortify and rebuild the trestle bridge. If Howard could place the enemy's pontoons in position, it would be a bold stroke, and I refer to it only as a possibility.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 9, 1864-1.45 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch received. Howard has already been ordered to send a division to Roswell Factory and to make an attempt to lay the pontoon bridges. Orders will be immediately given to press the enemy at all points. I will have my heavy battery fire on them in the morning.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

