HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Three miles and a half from Fayetteville, July 30, 1864-3 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Since arrival of your courier, I received notice from Colonel Harrison that he is opposite the enemy at Shakerag, three miles from here. The enemy has gone into camp there. I move on at once with Ross's brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 30, 1864-12.30 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 10.45 a. m. received. The general desires you to hold the crossing at Herring's Mill, if possible. He thinks you may be able to do so by a dismounted force on the east side of the creek. It is important to hold it. If the enemy attempts to cross the Utoy Creek, give them stout resistance.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

JULY 30, 1864-11.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLY,

Commanding Cavalry, &c.:

The general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of to-day from Flat Shoals. There has been no information of General Wheeler since he passed through Jonesborough in pursuit of Yankee raid. The present whereabouts of the raid itself is unknown. The damage by it on Macon road was slight; it will, in fact, be repaired to-morrow. The telegraph communication, however, between the break and Macon has to-day been interrupted, and vague rumors report that a raid has gone to Macon itself. The general directs that you rely upon and act according to your best judgment, and keep him informed as to your movements and whereabouts.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 179. Richmond, July 30, 1864.

* * *

II. The following-named officers are assigned to duty with the cavalry command of Major General W. T. Martin, Provisional Army, C. S., and will report accordingly: Majs. S. J. Shortt, R. W. Memminger, assistant adjutants-general.

* * *

VII. Major J. H. F. Mayo, commissary of subsistence, is assigned to duty as chief commissary of Major General T. C. Hidman's division, and will report accordingly.

* * *

