
XXVI. The following-named officers are assigned to duty with General J. B. Hood, Provisional Army, C. S., commanding, &amp;c., and will report accordingly: Major James Hamilton, Provisional Army, C. S.; Cadets E. B. Wade, F. H. Wigfall, C. S. Army.

* * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 31, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding &c.:

General Hood directs me to say that your troops should not be in the trenches with the militia, your place being in rear, within supporting distance, that in the event of the State troops failing you can hold the position. The State troops cannot be relieved before to-morrow night. General Hood thinks that the militia are able and will hold the position. He also directs that a slow constant fire be kept up on the enemy to annoy his working parties, and that your works be so improved as to protect you from any fire that may be opened upon your position after daylight.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

P. S.-General hood directs that for the present you report to Major-General Cheatham, who has been notified to take command as far around as Peach Tree street.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,July 31, 1864.

Major-General CLEBURNE:

GENERAL: Cavalry report the enemy moving all night last, from your front to their right (our left). Lieutenant-General Hardee desires you to send out scouts to get information and report promptly.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 31, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

Major-General MARTIN, Commanding, &c.:

The general directs that you at once push out your scouts and find positively where the enemy's left is resting, and also what he is doing.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

JULY 31, 1864-4.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Commanding Corps:

The following dispatch just received from General Wheeler:

We fought the enemy from last night until to-night, killing and capturing many. We have thus far succeeded in keeping between them and the river, and they are

