
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S COPS,

In the Field, July 31, 1864.

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to call the attention of brigade, regimental, and company commanders to the great importance of prompt and energetic action upon the part of all officers whenever the occasion arises that any part of their command should be rallied. Whenever the point for rallying the troops is indicated then every officer in the command should exert all of his influence and energy in rallying and forming the men upon the line indicated. This line will be indicated by the senior officer present. It then becomes the duty of every officer present to exert himself to the utmost to reform the line as quickly as possible. The issuing of this circular is deemed necessary from what came under his won observation on the evening of the 28th. He further desires to call the attention of brigade and division commanders to the necessity, when moving their men forward in line of battle, that they should move forward slowly and steadily until they become well engaged with the enemy before they are commanded to charge. By adopting this course, when it becomes necessary to charge, your command will be well aligned and your men not fatigued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDRESS.] HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIV.,

In the Field, Ga., July 31, 1864.

SOLDIERS: You have nobly done your duty during the arduous service of the last four days, and by your gallantry added new laurels to the already wide-extended reputation of the brigade. Through your brigadier-general you were highly complimented on the battle-field yesterday by Major-General Wheeler, who acknowledged that his success was due chiefly to your good fighting. Your brigadier-general is proud of you; proud to command such soldiers, and hereby tenders to officers and men his thanks for their gallant services.

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

[JULY 31, 1864.-For the organization and strength of Hood's army, see Part III, pp. 661, 680.]

ATLANTA, GA., August 1, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

On yesterday and the day before our cavalry, under Generals Wheeler and jackson, fought near Newman the raiding party of the enemy which had intercepted our communication with Macon, completely routing them, killing a large number, capturing all their artillery, ambulances, most of their arms and equipments, with a large number of prisoners, including 2 brigade commanders and 12 surgeons, and recapturing all property and prisoners previously taken from us. Major-General Wheeler reports the expedition entirely broken up.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

