
AUGUST 1, 1864-10.45 a. m.

ISAAC SCOTT, Esq.,

President Macon and Western Railroad, Macon, Ga.:

General Shoup desires me to ask your attention to a matter of great importance. Great suffering and loss of life is occasioned by the delay of trains in transporting the wounded to the rear. Instances have been reported where the trains have been seventy hours in making the run from Atlanta to Macon. He is well aware that the road is doing a large amount of business, and perhaps with inadequate means, but he desires, if possible, that you so arrange your schedule that this evil may be, as far as possible, remedied. Cannot the road be cleared, giving these trains the preference? He relies upon you to give this matter you special attention. Humanity asks it.

L. P. DODGE,

Aide-de-Camp.

AUGUST 1, 1864-11.10 a. m.

Colonel PRESSTMAN, Chief Engineer:

General Hood directs that you cause the line in rear of the salient on the Marietta road to be staked off, so that the work can be done to-night. Let General Cheatham know where it is.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

ATLANTA, August 1, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER, Newnan, Ga.:

General Iverson telegraphs to Macon that Stoneman, after being routed, surrendered with 500 men to him; that the balance of his command are dispersed and flying through the country.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

AUGUST 1, 1864-5.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLY, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The general directs me to call your attention to the following information just received from a scout: He reports that a column of three regiments of Yankee cavalry passed around Decatur on the north side of town, about 10 p. m. yesterday, taking the old Covington road in the direction of Flat Rock Shoals. They were under command of Colonel Garrard (brother of the general), and have just arrived from Chattanooga. They say they are going to aid Stoneman and Garrard in their raid; that they allowed Wheeler would follow Stoneman and Garrard, and that they would follow in Wheeler's rear to harass and delay him as much as possible, while Stoneman could get to Macon and Andersonville and release the prisoners; that Stoneman had 1,000 muskets and ammunition in his ambulances for the prisoners. We are just informed by telegraph from Macon that General Stoneman, after being routed, surrender to General Iverson with 500 of his men; the balance of his command are dispersed through the country. The general desires you to make such disposition of your force as you shall think best under the circumstances.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

