
everything that may be gained by Garrard. Let it move without wagons and remain until relieved by General McPherson's troops, which will march via Marietta. This is in execution of the preparatory instructions sent you last evening. General Schofield has effected a crossing and lodgment; has two bridges laid. He captured a gun and did not lose a man.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 9, 1864-1.30 a.m.

(Received 4 a.m.)

Major General O. O. HOWARD, Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: It is the opinion of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi that inasmuch as General Schofield has made a lodgment, that Johnston will be forced in strategy to attack us or General McPherson, or withdraw. The major-general commanding therefore directs that you do all you can to take advantage of his situation by feeling the enemy's skirmishers at daylight, if you have any in front of you not across the river, and if you could get [in position] the pontoon bridge of the enemy's which has fallen into our hands it would be a good stroke. This is mentioned as a possibility only, and this order is not to interfere with sending a division to Roswell Factory at daybreak in the morning, as directed in previous communication. The other corps will be directed to feel strongly the enemy's lines at daylight.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near Vining's Station, Ga., July 9, 1864-11.10 a.m.

Major-General STANLEY, First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The enemy has opened his artillery in our front, and he may be making a reconnaissance to discover our weak point. Please keep a strict lookout, and if you think he is doing so, push a regiment of infantry up to Powers' Ferry, and bring it back this evening (not near enough to the ferry to be exposed to artillery fire).

By order of Major-General Howard:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Vining's Station, Ga., July 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I placed two regiments opposite General Baird's left in support of a battery which he will send up. This is on the ridge where you desired to have it, and is a good artillery position. I moved forward the skirmish line some 300 yards in front of that ridge to the edge of a corn-field and in full view of the river. Colonel Brownlow, commanding cavalry, crossed the river this p.m. just above Powers' Ferry,

