
command will accordingly move at 3 a. m. to-morrow and take position as above indicated. Your present line will be occupied by a force of one man in every two yards, which you will leave for that purpose, or about one-third of your command. General Hardee would like to see you at this quarters about 7.30 o'clock in the morning. General Hood has ordered two batteries sent you. General Hardee wishes you to lend them to General Bate in case he needs them.

By direction of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, Numbers 62. In the Field, August 7, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the officer and men of this corps the splendid conduct of a portion of Bate's division, particularly Tyler's brigade, in sustaining and repulsing on yesterday three assaults of the enemy, in which his loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was from 800 to 1,000 men, 2 colors, and 300 or 400 stand small-arms, and all of his intrenching tools. Our loss was from 15 to 20 killed and wounded. Soldiers who fight with the coolness and determination that these men did will always be victorious over any reasonable number.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, August 8, 1864.

(Received 9th.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Secretary:

There is no material change to report yesterday or to-day in the enemy's position. He still evinces a desire to extend his right.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,August 8, 1864-11 p. m.

Major General P. R. CLEBURNE, Commanding Division, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that General Hardee wrote you a note a little after dark, which he supposes you have received ere this, authorizing you to move Lowrey's brigade on your left.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. HILL,

Aide-de-Camp.

AUGUST 8, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry:

The general commanding directs me to state that you are so far off from all supplies that he thinks it would be better to move your com-

