
place to Tennessee, and also to prepare duplicate bridges for all bridges in our rear that are to be destroyed by the enemy. He desires yom to take the whole matter in charge,, and trusts that in the event that will be prepared for the emergency.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,August 10, 1864-11 p. m.

General CLEBURNE:

GENERAL: General Hardee directs me to say he wishes your artillery to open upon any force of the enemy that may attempt to intrench in the open ground in front of your line.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, August 10, 1864-12.15 p. m.

General HOWELL COBB, Macon, Ga.:

General Hood desires to know the strength of your garrison at Andersonville, exclusive of the militia; also the number of men you can depend upon to defend Macon in case of emergency.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LE.,Meridian, August 10, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS, Childersville:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Maury to say that since his telegram to you relative to brigadier-General Roddey's brigade he has received from General Bragg a letter so strongly insisting upon that command being kept in North Alabama that he does not feel at liberty to remove it at the present time. General Maury has a communication from General Hood urging him to send small parties of cavalry to Sherman's rear for the purpose of operating against his communications. He intrusts you with organizing such expeditions out of Brigadier-General Roddey's command, and hopes you will lose no unnecessary time in inaugurating such a system of raids upon Sherman's communications as would prove most beneficial to the grand result. You have been ordered by telegraph to send any mounted troops, other than General Roddey's command, that you may have to Artesia, to report to Major-General Forrest; also to send the Tuscaloosa Cadets, to report to Colonel H. Maury, at Pollard, ala. Please forward to General Maury the reports of new companies as fast as they are organized.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 10, 1864.-For the strength of Hood's army, see Part III, p. 681.]

