
ATLANTA, GA., August 11, 1864.

Hon J. A. SEDDON:

There was no material change in affairs yesterday. I regret to report Major-General Bate was wounded.

J. B. HOOD.

ATLANTA, August 11, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Your telegram of yesterday is received. when I assumed command of this army General Johnston had accepted the services of the Georgia militia. Since that time they have been under my order as much as any other troops in the army. Rations and forage have and are now being issued to them. They furnish now about 5,000 muskets in the trenches here. If it be required of the State to ration and forage these troops it is important that officers of the Confederate States should continue to issue such supplies now, and that the State return the supplies hereafter to the Confederate Government, either in kind or value.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 12, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Referred to General Bragg.

Militia when mustered into service are entitled to the pay and allowance of other troops, and are also to be exchanged, if captured, as other prisoners of war. they are to be received with their State organization, officer, &amp;c., the only restriction being that the organization shall conform to the laws of the Confederate States.

J. D.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,August 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency the President.

When I was in Atlanta Georgia militia had not been mustered into the Confederate service, and were not so organized as to admit of such musters. The greatest evil of their supply, however, existed in the rear of the army where they were assembling, and where they were being subsisted without any apparent authority, and before they were at all prepared for any service.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The case is not sufficiently understood for action. It would be well to correspond with General Hood. it is desirable to get every aid which can be obtained, but to make it efficient the force should be under military law.

J. D.

