
ATLANTA, August 11, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

General Loring will be able for duty in few days. Have assigned Major-General Brown to command of Bate's division. Bate's would will, I fear, cause him to be absent some time. I desire you approval.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

AUGUST 11, 1864-1.45 p. m.

(Received 3.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Corps:

The general directs me to say that he thinks you had better build traverses, every ten paces if necessary, to protect your men from the artillery fire of the enemy.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

AUGUST 11, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

As yet, only a small portion of General Morgan's command has arrived on the right. As soon as the entire command arrives the First mississippi Regiment will be ordered back to you. For fear the matter may escape men, however, please the application in few days.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

AUGUST 11, 1864.

Colonel COLE,

inspector-General Field Transportation, C. A. Army:

The general commanding required the services of 4,000 negroes for teamsters and other services in this army. He requests you to undertake the duty of having them procured, and, to accomplish it with as little delay as possible, he has directed as many officers detailed from this army to report to you as you may require for that purpose. He further delegates to you all powder vested in him by law to order impressment of negroes.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Near Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector general, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st ultimo, calling my attention to General Orders, Numbers 42, the requirements of which have not as yet been complied with.

---------------

*Of April 14, 1864, requiring monthly inspection reports from the different Confederate States armies.

---------------

