
In explanation of this apparent neglect of duty on my part I beg leave, respectfully, to state that since the reception of this order at these headquarters this army has been constantly in motion, undergoing the most tedious and harassing campaign has been experienced since the war command. Commanding generals and inspectors both united in urging me to suspend carrying into effect the paragraph of this order, stating that it was impossible to make the inspections called for. Believing this to be the case myself, the order was not complied with. I should have written you to this effect, and would have done so but for the care and trouble attendant upon my position. I beg to assure you, general, that I did not intentionally fail to comply with the provisions of this order, and to assure you further that the reports called for shall be forwarded without any unnecessary delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General, Army of Tennessee.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 13. In the Field, August 11, 1864.

Captain James Cooper, First Louisiana Infantry [Regulars], is assigned to duty at army headquarters as acting assistant adjutant-general. He will be obeyed and respected as such.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, August 12, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

There was no material change in affairs yesterday. Wheeler, with his command, left on the 10th for Sherman's rear.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

ATLANTA, August 12, 1864-2 p. m.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

I desire that Colonel Joseph B. Palmer, Eighteenth Tennessee Regiment, be given temporary rank to command brown's brigade; also the appointment of Colonel Robert J. Henderson, Forty-second Georgia, to command Stovall's brigade. General Wright is not able to take the field.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

AUGUST 12, 1864-1.15 a. m.

(Received 2 a. m.)

Major-General CHEATHAM:

The general commanding directs that you cause General Scott's brigade to move by daylight to occupy the strong work at East Point. You will also please send a battery from that part of your line where it

