
can do it. i hope you will be able to sent him and other on that service without interfering with other objects of your commanding. Things are very exciting here, but I believe all will come out right; the people are at last aroused to a sense of duty and danger, except the non-combatants, who will not go away. How does the railroad works go no? Push it forward.

Yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 14. In the Field, august 12, 1864

I. The lawless seizure and destruction of private property by straggling soldiers in the rear and on the flanks of this army has become intolerable. It must come to an end. it is believed to be chargeable to worthless men, especially from mandate commands, who are odious alike to the citizen and the well-disposed soldier. Citizens and soldiers are, therefore, call upon to arrest and forward to the provost-marshal-general all persons guilty of wanton destruction or illegal seizure of property, that examples may be immediately made. the laws of war justify the execution of such offenders, and those laws shall govern.

II. officers are held responsible that their men conduct themselves properly. In any case where it is shown that an officer, nigh or low, has permitted of failed to take proper to prevent such depredations as those complained of herein, he shall be deprived of his commission.

III. Hereafter all cavalry horses must be branded. Division and brigade commanders will determine the manner so as to best designate the commands to which they belong. No purpose or exchange of horses will be permitted except by authority of the company and regimental commanders. In each case of such purchase or exchange the soldier must receive a written statement of the transaction. Any soldier otherwise introducing a horse into any command will be immediately arrested. General, field, and company officers are expected, and, are earnestly requested, to give this matter their attention. Officers failing must be arrested. In procuring forage, the least possible damage must be done the farmer. Too much attention cannot be given this. At best he is compelled to suffer.

IV. Citizens are warned not purchase from or exchange horses with soldiers, except when the authority for the transaction is previously had from the company and regimental commanders. otherwise they may lose their property and will fail to receive the support of the military authorities.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS Numbers 63. Phillips' House, August 12, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding is gratified with the gallantry and determination displayed by the skirmishers of this corps in resisting the numbers attacks upon them. In one of the charges of the

