
AUGUST 13, 1864-6.30 p. m.

General HARDEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood desires you to sent the brigade you now have of Cheatham's to report back to its command. If all is quiet, please ride in this evening.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,Phillips' House, August 13, 1864.

[Major General H. D. CLAYTON:]

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that the truce still exists between your pickets and the enemy, and he desires that a reliable officer be places in command of them who will see that they do their duty. it is reported by a prisoner there is an understanding between Stovall's pickets and those of the enemy that when they do fire they are not to fire to take effect, but to shot over each others' heads. He wishes this matter looked into, and if any man is found firing intentionally too high, he will be sent under guard to these headquarters.

he wishes all intercourse whatever stopped at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 13, 1864-6 p. m.

general JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry:

The general desires you to push your scouts well in rear of the enemy to night, to try to ascertain what has became of the corps on the right, and that the enemy is doing	.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

CIRCULAR.] AUGUST 13, 1864-11.30 a. m.

General Hood desires that you impress upon your officers and men the absolute necessity of holding the lines they occupy, to the very last. He feels perfectly confident that, with the obstructions in their front, and the artillery to break his masses, the enemy cannot carry our works, however many lines here may advance against them, and however determined may be his assaults, so long as the men occupy the trenches, and use their rifles. Let every man remember that he is in individually responsible for his few feet of line, and that the destiny of Atlanta hangs upon the issue.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

Phillips' House, August 13, 1864.

it has been reported to these headquarters that, contrary to orders, intercourse between our pickets and those of the enemy is still kept up, and in some instances it has been agreed that they shall not fire at

