
ferred to infantry upon the request of this company, regiment, or brigade commander, accom[panied by the simple statement that said soldier has been guilty of committing depredations upon private property or is "inefficient as a cavalryman." It is determined, therefore, that no excuse will hereafter be accepted from any one caught invading unpurchased corn-fields, or interfering with private property of any kind whatever, but the offender will be transferred direct to the infantry and his horse and equipments reserved for the use of some more worthy soldier.

II. when forage is to be procured in the country regular details must go for it, accompanied by an officer, who will be responsible for the conduct and behavior of his men. Individuals are prohibited from bringing forage into camps except when properly detailed for such duty and accompanied by an officer as herein provided.

III. commanding officers are required to publish orders received to all the members of their respective commands. If, therefore, any one caught infringing upon the rights of citizens should plead ignorance of this order, his company commander will be held accountable unless he can make it appear that he himself has not heard it, in which case the regimental commander must bear the consequences of having failed to make known an important order to his command.

IV. The provost-marshal of brigade will endeavor to detect and arrest all offenders henceforth against the rights of citizens with a view to the prompt punishment by transfer to infantry.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 15, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General FERGUSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch 3.10 p. m. received. General Hood directs that you oppose the enemy's cavalry if he advances on your position. At Cobb's Mill you have a god position to hold him in check if he advances that far; if he retires, follow him up with your scouts and watch his movements closely to-night. Keep General Hood advised.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

ATLANTA, August 15, 1864-8.05 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Jonesborough:

Send out small parties in the direction of Fairburn. Let them picket all the roads leading from Fairburn in the direction of Jonesborough and Fayetteville. Let them start to-night and go as near Fairburn as possible. I desire information of a force of the enemy moving in that direction. Let part of the pickets remain in observation of the enemy, while others bear dispatches to you. Captain Carey will use his signal corps for this purpose.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

