
ATLANTA, August 15, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Brigadier gen. M. J. WRIGHT,

Macon, Ga.:

A force of the enemy moved this evening from sandtown in the direction of Fairburn. Its strength and destination have not yet been ascertained. retain whatever militia there may be at Macon until we known further.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 192. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XIII. The Department of Tennessee* commanded by General John B. Hood, Provisional Army, C. S., is extended to include all the State of Georgia north and west of the following line: Commencing at Augusta and running along the line of the Augusta and Savannah Railroad to Millen, thence along the western boundary lines of the counties of Bulloch and Tattnall, thence along the south bank of the Ocmulgee river to the northeast corner of Irwin County, thence south to the Florida line, thence along the Florida line to the Appalachicola River. The command will hereafter be known as the Department of Tennessee and Georgia.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 15. In the Field, August 15, 1864.

Notwithstanding reiterated orders forbidding communication with the enemy, it is reported that certain commands have been guilty of this offense on the picket-line. The commanding general is persuaded that this arises from no desire on the part of the soldiers to injure our cause, but from ignorance of the consequences. He, therefore, reluctantly, but most positively, orders that all parties, friends or foes, who shall in any way communicate or attempt to communicate with the enemy without authority, be fired upon by all parties in reach, and further that any officer so offending, or in any manner permitting such offense, shall immediately sent to the rear in charge of a guard for immediate trail. if the officer in command of pickets finds it necessary at night, he may keep up such fire as he deems expedient to prevent this evil, always informing his immediate superior of the occasion of his fire.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 71, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, March 25, 1864, Vol. XXXIII, p. 673.

---------------

