
ATLANTA, August 16, 1864.
Honorable J. A. Seddon:

No change in affairs in the few days. Yesterday evening a small party of the enemy's cavalry made a dash in Fairburn, on the West Point railroad, and burned the depot, but retreated immediately.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

ATLANTA, GA., August 16, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Richmond, Va.:

Major-General French having applied to be relieved from duty with this army, Lieutenant-General Stewart and myself respectfully request that his application be granted, and that Major General Edward Johnston, who is now ordered here, may command his division.

J. B. HOOD,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of July 28 in regard to the recommendation for the promotion of Brigadier General W. H. Jackson to the rank of major-general. Inclosed I send the organization of his command.* The cavalry commanded by Brigadier-General Jackson came here with Lieutenant-General Polk, as a part of the Army of the Mississippi. As all the troops which came at that time, however, have been decided by the War Department to belong to this army, I think that Major-General Wheeler (as the commander of all the cavalry of this) should now designate who of those available should be selected to be major-generals of cavalry. The matter will receive attention on the return of General Wheeler.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.

AUGUST 16, 1864-11.25 a. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Commanding:

GENERAL: The report of picket officers in Armstrong's front this morning is that the enemy have extended their works last night along the Campbellton road to Holbrook's. The infantry picket three or four miles lower down that road. The enemy, as you will see, is now in position to turn our left by a rapid advance. I would, therefore, suggest that the left of our infantry line be extended at once to cover East Point, as it will certainly be necessary for me to draw out Armstrong to look after that force opposing Ross in the vicinity of Fairburn.

Respectfully,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

I have made the same suggestions to General Hood.

W. H. J.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

