
AUGUST 16, 1864- 1.40 p. m.
Brigadier General W. H. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 11.25 received. The general says he will send you Pinson's regiment when clearly necessary. To-morrow he hopes to send them any way, as General Iverson will probably bring up some of Wheeler's people from Giffin. He thinks the force you speak of overestimated; that Toss, with the regiment you sent him last night, can take care of them . Let him look to them closely, and hold yourself in readiness to move to his assistance; in case you do so move the general would like to see you here while your command is preparing to move.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Wolf Creek, Ga., August 16, 1864-5.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The force in my front is cavalry so far as developed. The principal part of it has gone in direction of Fairburn. I think the force here only intended to attract attention. I shall, therefore, leave only a squadron to skirmish with it, and move with the balance of my command to join Colonel Jones, between the enemy and Fairburn. I have directed the regiment left at Mount Gilead Church to join me at Fairburn, leaving a company of thirty men at the church subject to your orders. I would be pleased to have company relieved and ordered to overtake me to-night, should the enemy be intending a raid.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &c.
HDQRS. ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Fairburn, Ga., August 16, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Division:

GENERAL" The enemy have gone back, being closely pursued by a portion of my command which entered this place soon after the enemy retired. They burnt the depot buildings, but did little damage to the road. The force is estimated at two regiments. About 200 came to this place in a sweeping gallop, while the remainder made demonstrations on all the flanking roads. They certainly had an infantry force that came as far as Owl Rock Church, but no farther. The enemy's advance was so rapid that my scouts in their rear could not get to the front in time to report, and those who kept in their immediate front were overrun, hence my difficulty and delay in ascertaining their force, &c. Upon my arrived at this place I was led to believe that this force was only a flanking party, and I sent forward a portion of my command to Palmetto to prevent any move upon the at that point. Colonel Jones, who had been ordered to intercept the enemy at this place, got within a mile or two and found the enemy occupying it, and he turned to the left with intention of gaining their supposed front on the Fayetteville road. I have no report from him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

