HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,August 17, 1864-10.20 [p. m.].

General HARDEE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

It is reported that the enemy is moving on our right; that twenty-seven flags have been seen to pass in that direction. General Hood desires you to notify Scott's brigade to be in readiness to move by rail at dawn, if it should prove necessary. Cars will be prepared; also that you hold all the rest of your disposable force ready to move if need be.

Very respectfully, &c.,

F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Have Scott's brigade under arms at daylight so that it may move at a moment's notice.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General, &c.

AUGUST 17, 1864-10.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General LEE, Commanding Corps, &c.:

General Stewart is directed to open fire on the enemy at daylight. It is reported that the enemy are moving on our right; that twenty-seven flags have passed in that direction. The general desires that you hold all your reserves ready to move at dawn.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HEADQUARTERS STEWART'S CORPS,Atlanta, August 17, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that the artillery on your line has been ordered to open fire on the enemy to morrow morning at sunrise, and to fire four rounds from each piece at intervals of ten minutes. You will notify your officers on the skirmish line, and direct them to observe closely the effect of the fire, and report the result, which you will communicate to these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 17, 1864.

(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Commanding Cavalry, &c.:

General ferguson reports that the enemy on our right is engaged in gathering bacon, &c. The general thinks they are now doing or may do the thing on the left. It is important to prevent them from gathering supplies. Please watch them closely and prevent it as far as possible, without too much risk to yourself.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

