
AUGUST 17, 1864-3.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

General Hood is anxious to know what the enemy means by fortifying on the other side of the river-on the Sweet Water. Please instruct your scouts to give their attention to this.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]
HDQRS ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Fairburn, Ga., August 17, 1864-5.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Scouts from the vicinity of Bethel Church reported the enemy about 9 p. m. camps or halted, and building fires, and that drums were heard among them. I left scouts on all the roads by which they could approach East Point, and have sent scouts this morning in every direction. The fore following the cavalry came here became division; only a few scouts followed in rear, and they reported about 2.30 a. m. that the enemy had halted. I will move back toward East Point three or four miles, as it may be possible that a force in the vicinity of Bethel Church may in that direction this morning. None of my scouts from the rear of the enemy have reported to me, and I know nothing as to his strength farther than has been developed and reported by me. I suppose they have been reporting to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMES' CAVALRY DIVISION,Savannah Farm, August 17, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Major W. E. WALLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I regret very much that by my march to this place, which was made in obedience to orders, I have incurred the displeasure of the major-general commanding. I regret also that neither your dispatch nor the courier who bore it gives me any information of the where-about of General Wheeler. A scout from Athens reports thirty-seven men at that place. Citizens report a small force at Charleston, and a concentration of forces from Knoxville and Chattanooga at Cleveland. I would be gland to be informed how long I am to wait here for General Wheeler, and if driven from here where I may be able probably to join him. I have been most anxious to join him.

Very respectfully, &c.,

W. Y. C. HUMES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding, &c., Charleston, S. C.:

If the enemy again attempt to release the prisoners at Andersonville it will be a determined effort. In such an event I request that you send

