
bridge. I want from you a minute description of your position and all information as to roads from it to the east of the Stone Mountain. I propose to operate some to the south, to accumulate stores, and then ahead.

SHERMAN,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 9, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have advanced my troops somewhat this morning to get more room and better position. We now occupy a very high and commanding ridge, rather more than a mile from the river, with flanks resting upon spurs running from the ridge toward the stream. The position is very strong, and I think perfectly secure. I have put over two of Hascall's brigades in addition to Cox's division, in order to fully occupy the position. I have two brigades still on this side of the river. Nothing appears in our front this morning but a small cavalry force. The ground beyond our position, as far as can be seen, is extremely rough and wooded. The hills we occupy are high and the roads difficult. I am having them improved, and new ones cut; will make them as good as I can. I have not been able to get any valuable information of the roads and country beyond our position in addition to what the maps give. I am making efforts to find somebody who knows more about it.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, July 9, 1864.

General McPHERSON,

Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: We now have a good lodgment on the other bank of the river, Schofield at the mouth of Soap Creek and Garrard opposite Roswell. I saw General Dodge to-day en route for Roswell and explained to him the importance of the place, and he understands it fully. He and Garrard can hold it secure whilst we maneuver a little more on our right and give time to collect stores at Marietta, and for Rousseau to get a good offing. We noticed a good deal of flutter in the enemy's camps to-day, troops and wagons moving rapidly east and north. Johnston sees I threaten Decatur and Stone Mountain, and now is a good time for Stoneman to strike south. I want him if possible to secure a point at Campbellton or below, and strike the West Point road. I do believe he can do it, for Johnston will spread his force so much that it will be weak at all points. I have told Stoneman that if he secures both banks at Campbellton, with its ferry-boats, he may call on you for a brigade to hold it whilst he strikes the railroad. Of course we do not intend to attack the tete-de-pont of the enemy, and unless Johnston supposes I have scattered my force too much he will not venture to sally, and if he does our position is as strong against him as his against us, and I have no apprehensions on that score; therefore, if Stoneman calls for a brigade send it. Keep hammering away all the time, and

