
ATLANTA, August 24, 1874.

General MAURY, Meridian:

Send you a brigade, through i cannot spare it. it goes at daylight.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

AUGUST 24, 1864-4 p. m.

Major BURFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: We have driven the enemy across the river, and have possession of the fortification on College Hill, which commands the bridge, but with the guns we have I do not think we could inflict such serious damage to the brigade as would warrant the expenditure of ammunition. There are 216 tents visible on the opposite side of the river, which I thinks accommodate two regiments. I cannot advance farther without crossing the foot bridge, which is completely enfilade by the enemy's works, and is within rifle range of the redoubt and pits in which all his forces seem to have assembled. I desire to know whether you design attacking on the opposite side, so that I may govern myself accordingly.

I am, major, respectfully,

JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Near atlanta, August 24, 1864.

[General W. W. MACKALL:]

DEAR GENERAL:

Your favor of the 19th did not reach me till yesterday. I have a corps paymaster, Major Malone, who was wounded on the 22nd ultimo, but writes me that he will soon be fit for duty. I know Captain Wickham slightly, and would be glad to oblige him on your account as well as his own. I suppose many reports are in circulation respecting my position in this army. The President is endeavoring to create the impression that in dealing the command at Dalton, I declined it for all future time. You are entirely correct in saying that hood was, of all others, in favor of retreating. If General Johnston had followed his advice he would have crossed the Chattahoochee two or three weeks before he did. This can be proved beyond all controversy. I inclose you, for your own solely, a copy of my correspondence with the president. I saw Tom yesterday; he was at my headquarters, and is in fine health but not so spruce looking as when with you. Remember me kindly to the members of your household.

truly, yours,

W. J. HARDEE.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ATLANTA, GA., August 3, 1864.

His excellency president DAVIS, Richmond, Va.:

I applied to General Bragg to be relieved from duty with this army. His proposition to substitute Lieutenant-General taylor for me and to send me to the Mississippi Department, will, I hope, meet your approval. I rely upon your kindness to relieve me from an unpleasant position.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

