
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, VA., August 4, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

I regret that your position is felt to be unpleasant. You need no assurance that no would was intended. Your letters, when commanding-in-chief, created the belief that the course adapted would be satisfactory to you. the country needs every effort of all her sons. You can most aid our cause in your present position; other motives will not be necessary to you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

ATLANTA, August 6, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

No letter of mile while commanding-in chief was intended to convey the impression that the appointment of a junior to command me would be satisfactory. The justice or propriety of that appointment I do not propose to question. I only ask to be relieved from a possible which is personally humiliating. This I think due to an old soldier who has faithfully endeavored to reform his duty, and who is still willing to make any sacrifice for the cause except his self-respect. I respectfully renew my request to be relieved. General hood approves my application.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-general.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

RICHMOND, August 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

Your telegram of yesterday received with regret and disappointment. I will look for your letters to send you by mail extracts showing what you said, and from which your intention was inferred. I now ask, is this a time to weigh professional or personal pride against the needs of the country, or for an old soldier to withdraw the support he can give the public defense from place where it is most wanted? Let your patriotic instincts answer, rejecting all other advices.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 87. In the Field, August 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

X. Colonel B. J. Hill, Thirty-fifth tennessee Regiment, is relieved from duty as provost-marshal-general of the army.

XI. Lieutenant Colonel Gustavus A. henry, jr., assistant inspector-general, will assume the duties of provost-marshall-general (under the inspector-general) until a successor to Colonel Hiss can be appointed.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

