
the moment he lets go of this bank occupy it; but if he holds on, as soon as the time comes we will let him stay on this side and we will go over. With Thomas things are in statu quo. Railroad and telegraph all right.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Chattahoochee, July 9, 1864.

Major-General STONEMAN:

Commanding Division of Cavalry:

GENERAL: In pursuance of our conversation of this day, I have to request that you proceed with your command to Campbellton to-morrow night, appearing suddenly before the place and securing if possible the boats there, or forcing the enemy to destroy them. If you can possibly do it get possession of those boats and also of the other bank. I am very anxious that an attack or demonstration be made against the railroad below Atlanta, and will instruct General McPherson to have a brigade of infantry ready to come down and hold the river whilst you with your cavalry strike the railroad. I am satisfied that the crossing of Schofield and Garrard above will draw in that direction Johnston's chief army, and that what troops are left south of Atlanta will be strung out as far as West Point, where he will keep the chief force. The point where the road would be easiest reached will be, say, half way from Atlanta and West Point, but it would not be safe for you to pass Campbellton unless the ferry was well destroyed. The bridge at Franklin is almost too far down, but still it too might be reached by you and either used or destroyed. Afford but little known or used below Campbellton and this side of Franklin bridge will be the best if such exists, and you may incur any risk sure of my approval, for whether you make a break of the road or merely cause a diversion you will do good. Don't be absent more than four or five days, and keep me advised on all possible occasions.

Yours, truly,

W. T . SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Chattahoochee, July 9, 1864.

General GARRARD,

Roswell:

What news? Have you crossed? You know that Schofield is across.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 9, 1864-7 a.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I have the ridge on the south bank of the river. The infantry should come up at once. I see no reason why I cannot hold it, but cannot tell what may occur before long.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GARRARD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

