HDQRS ROSS' BRIGADE, JACKSON CAVALRY DIVISION,Isaac Cook's, Ga., August 27, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General ARMSTRONG,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: My scouts have just reported from the north side of the Chattahoochee. kilpatrick's cavalry is encamped along Sweet water from Sandtown up. They finished the bridge over the river at Sandtown Monday and took out their pontoons. The advance of enemy on Sandtown and Fayetteville road is one mile this side of Stephens' house. No farther advance on part of the force on Camp Creek. They are now shelling my pickets.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICER, Numbers 203. Richmond, August 27, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXVIII. Captain W. W. Gordon, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from service with the brigade lately commanded by Brigadier General H. W. Mercer, and is assistant to duty with the brigade commanded by Brigadier General R. H. Anderson, Army of Tennessee.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS' Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV., Numbers 19. Baker's House, Ga., August 27, 1864.

I. With a view of promoting the efficiency of the brigade, the policy of a "union on duty" of companies as practiced in other portions of the army will be adopted in this. Regimental commanders will therefore proceed at once to organize their respective commands each into five companies, uniting for this purpose two into one, and will assign to each new company thus formed three officers (captain and two lieutenants), provided said officers shall be selected for each company from the number of those belonging to the companies before united.

II. All the surplus or unassigned officers remaining in the brigade after the completion of the organization, required in paragraph I of this order, will constitute a company of "brigade scout" until their services as officers are needed or can be made available. A report of names therefore of all such officers will be forwarded promptly from each regiment.

III. The precedent for this mode of procedure has been established in other brigades of cavalry and found to do well. It is hoped therefore that officers and men will not only acquiesce readily in its adoption here, but will zealously co-operate with the brigade commander in his effects to render available the services of each individual in the command. The duty upon which the unassigned officers are to be employed will, it is believed, be as pleasant and agreeable as it will no doubt be efficient.

