
IV. It is not intended that this policy of "union on duty" shall in any manner affect the rendition of returns. All reports, musters, &amp;c., will continue to be made by the companies as now organized.

V. regimental commanders will report the organization of their new companies, as above provided, as soon as completed.

by order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., August 28, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON, Richmond, Va.:

The enemy have changed their entire position, the left of their line resting near the Chattahoochee about Sandtown, and their right extending to a point opposite and near the West Point railroad between East Point and Fairburn. They hold all the crossing on the Chattahoochee from Pace's Ferry down to Sandtown, but not with a continuous line. Dispatches from General Wheeler of the 19th, in which he reports the capture of Dalton, with large quantity of stores, about 200 prisoners and 200 mules, destroying 3 trains of cars and 25 miles of railroad.

His command is in good condition.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

(Same to General Bragg.)

AUGUST 28, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding Corps:

Upon for the other reynolds. He desires you to order them to the railroad at Bartimus Hospital, if that be nearer than these headquarters; if not, send them here to bivouac for the night, and be in readiness for the train to Jonesborough in the morning. Direct the officer in command to report in person at these headquarters when he shall have made the above dispositions.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief of Staff.]

AUGUST 28, 1864-12 M.

Lieutenant-General LEE, Commanding Corps:

General Hood desires you to relieve General Brown's division (Hardee's corps) with General Stevenson's division. General Brown is directed to march to East Point.

[F. A. SHOUP,

Chief mo Staff.]

ATLANTA, August 28, 1864-12.20 p. m.

General ARMSTRONG:

Keep your main force well in hand till you find where the enemy's principal force is, so that you can fall upon him with effect.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

