
material with the means of reconstructing these roads from the surplus material of other roads; the value of the material thus sold or transferred to be charged against the first earnings of the company in the transportation of troops or Government property. This course has been pursued here, but the quantity of material that could be spared has been very small and the transfer from roads farther north is recommended.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 118. Washington June 27, 1865.

The president directs that the United States be divided into military divisions, and sub-divided into military departments as follows:

DEPARTMENTS.

1. The Department of the East, Major General Joseph Hooker to command, to embrace the New England States, New York, and New Jersey; headquarters at New York City.

2. The Middle Department, Major General W. S. Hancock to command, to embrace the States of West Virginia, Maryland (except the counties of Anne Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's), the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Virginia, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania; headquarters at Baltimore.

3. The Department of Washington, Major General C. C. Augur to command, to embrace the District of Columbia, the counties of Anne Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's, in Maryland, and Fairfax County, in Virginia; headquarters at Washington.

4. The Department of the Ohio, Major General E. O. C. Ord to command, to embrace the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan; headquarters at Detroit.

5. The Department of the Tennessee, Major General George Stoneman to command, to embrace the State of Tennessee; headquarters at Knoxville.

6. The Department of Kentucky, Major General John M. Palmer to command, to embrace the State of Kentucky; headquarters at Louisville.

7. The Department of the Missouri, Major General John Pope to command, to embrace the States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas, and the Territories of Nebraska, Dakota, and Montana; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

8. The Department of Virginia, Major General Alfred H. Terry to command, to embrace the State of Virginia, excepting Fairfax County and the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; headquarters at Richmond.

9. The Department of North Carolina, Major General J. M. Schofield to command, to embrace the State of North Carolina; headquarters at Raleigh.

10. The Department of South Carolina, Major General Q. A. Gillmore to command, to embrace the State of South Carolina; headquarters at Hilton Head.

11. The Department of Georgia, Major General James B. Steedman to command, to embrace the State of Georgia; headquarters at Augusta.

