
Choctaws and they have agreed to keep the wild tribes quiet. The effect of this visit to the Indian Territory so soon after the surrender must be good. I am told by several persons from Fort Towson that the Indians are surprised at our troops being among them so quickly. They have been very friendly to Colonel Matthews and have aided him in every way. I trust the general will urge upon the authorities at Washington the necessity of sending a commissioner to be present at this meeting on September 1; and should they take no action I would suggest that he appoint some officers to be present at the meeting. By prompt action I believe these people can be managed and save us great trouble and expense. Inclosed find a copy of Colonel Matthews' letter* and also the original treaty entered into by him with the Choctaws.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Treaty stipulations made and entered into this 19th day of June, 1865, at Doaksville, C. N., between Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews and Adjt. W. H. Vance, U. S. Volunteers, commissioners appointed by the military authorities of the United States, and P. P. Pitchlynn, principal chief and governor of the Choctaw Nation on part of said nation, as follows, to wit:

ARTICLE I. All acts of hostilities on the part of both armies having ceased (by virtue of a convention entered into on the 26th day of May, 1865, between Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department), the Indians of the Choctaw Nation here represented, lately allied with the Confederate States in acts of hostility against the Government of the United States, do agree at once to return to their respective homes, and there remain at peace with the United States and offer no indignity whatever or commit any acts of hostilities against the whites or Indians of the various tribes who have been friendly to or engaged in the service of the United States during the war.

ART. II. It is stipulated by the undersigned commissioners on the part of the United States that so long as the Indians aforesaid observe the provisions of Article I of this agreement they shall be protected by the U. S. authorities in their persons and property, not only from the encroachments on the part of the whites but also from the Indians who have been engaged in the service of the United States.

ART. III. The above articles of agreement to remain and be in full force and effect until the meeting of the grand council to meet at Armstrong Academy, C. N., on the 1st day of September, A. D. 1865. and until such time as the proceedings of said council shall be ratified by the proper authorities, both of the Choctaw Nation and the United States.

In testimony whereof the said Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews and Adjt. W. H. Vance, commissioners on the part of the United States, and P. P. Pitchlynn, principal chief and governor of the Choctaw Nation, have hereto set their hands.

A. C. MATTHEWS, Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Vols.,

W. H. VANCE, Adjutant, U. S. Volunteers,

Commissioners.

P. P. PITCHLYNN,

Principal Chief Choctaw Nation.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

