SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 131. Fort Riley, June 27, 1865.

* * * * * * *

4. Colonel H. E. Maynadier, commanding First Sub-District, will, as soon as practicable, relieve from duty in his district the battalion of the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, consisting of Companies C, E, F, and H, ordering them to proceed to the Santa Fe road, by way of Lyon's Creek and Lost Springs, and to report for duty upon their arrival to the commanding officer Second Sub-District.

By order of Brigadier General J. H. Ford:

ROBERT S. ROE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUTH OF LITTLE ARKANSAS, June 27, 1865.

Brigadier General J. H. FORD,

Commanding District, &amp;c.:

SIR: Sergeant Tibbits arrived here last evening. I avail myself of the opportunity to give You such information as has reached me. As far as I can learn, and my information is quite reliable, the whole of the Southern Indians, as well as the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, have held a great council near Fort Cobb, and a Texan officer was present. He told them the whites had all made peace; that he was their friend, and advised them all to make peace with all the whites. The Comanches, Kiowas, and Apaches gave in at once, and said they should not war any more north, but the Cheyennes and Arapahoes did not decide. I have my Indians out, and by this time the news that the "big chiefs" from Washington wished t see and talk with them has spread far and near. Some Caddos came in last evening and say the most of the Indians have gone to the Wichita Mountains and down on Red River. I expect to meet them some eighty miles south of this as soon as I can hear from them, but as they are scattered very much it will require some time to get things back where I had them early in May. Mr. Chisholm will leave to-morrow with a party of reliable Indians, and as soon as I can get anything positive will communicate to You.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

MUD SPRINGS, June 27, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of 26th says: "Will the two regiments of infantry replace the Second United States when it goes out?" Do You not mean the Third United States? Military dispatches have precedence where I am. They are delayed by operators on the road. I think the fault for the past ten days has been in the Omaha office.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

64 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

