
to the Arkansas River at Sweetwater and at Alkali. I have but little confidence in the rumor; still I thought it best to guard well those points, and for that purpose I have sent the Eleventh Kansas to Sweetwater and posted the Sixteenth Kansas near Alkali. I believe all the hostile Indians are now north of the Platte and Sweetwater, and I will endeavor to keep there until I am ready to purpose them. I do not deem it practicable or advisable to make a campaign at present, and shall defer your order otherwise. My reasons for this opinion are as follows: There are not 400 horses in the district in condition to make the campaign. The forage cannot be got up in time for want of transportation. The horses could not make the campaign at this season of the year without grain, which would make it necessary to have large and cumbersome trains, and the Indians being on the alert would be aware of our approach and could play around us and probably get to our rear. Therefore I have through it would be best to postpone the matter awhile, get the horses in as good condition as possible, lead the Indians to believe we are not going to pursue, ascertain their exact whereabouts, get to them forced night marches without trains when there is grass to feed our horses on and before their horses can gain strength from the new grass. In this manner I think we can succeed. My experience convinces me that a campaign made now under all the circumstances would be an utter failure. I hope with your confidence and counsel to be able to teach the hostile Cheyennes a lesson before the summer passes. There are no hostile Sioux now on the warpath so far as I can learn. Little Thunder and his band, numbering sixty lodges, surrendered this week at Laramie. He says the Cheyennes are about 200 miles north of Laramie, trying to induce the Sioux in that country to join them in a war against the whites and that they are determined to continue their hostility. The Third U. S. Volunteers is now posted on the Oveollows: Two companies at Kearny, Cottonwood, Julesburg, Junction, and two companies at Laramie; headquarters of the regiment at Julesburg. Two squadrons of cavalry will be stationed at Kearny, Cottonwood, Julesburg, and Junction for scouting service. The infantry companies will be disposed of east and west from each post, twelve to fifteen at a station, to protect stock and other property of Overland Mail Company. The district is in progress of organization as rapidly as possible, and I hope to be soon able to take the field in person. I am in receipt of a letter from the Headquarters of the Army disapproving of the action of Colonel Moonlight in calling out the Colorado Militia. I am now relieving the militia, and will turn them over to the Governor next week.

I have the honor to inclose herewith Colonel Moonlight's explanation of his action. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 14, 1865.

Captain ALBERT BROWN,

Second California Cav., Commanding Expedition, Fort Brigadier, Utah:

SIR: A train numbering thirty wagons will leave this place for Fort Halleck on the 16th or 17th instant. Upon the arrival of this train at

---------------

* See Moonlight to Price, April 9, p. 60.

---------------

