
the stock tenders for the Overland Mail Company will watch the stock while feeding on grass in the day and keep them near the station, and at night place them in a corral, which I have ordered to be guarded every night, they will not lose so much of their stock. Heretofore they have been in the habit of leaving their stock out day and night, with no one to take care of them, allowing them to stray as far from the station as they pleased. In two instances the stock had strayed that they reported captured by the Indians, but were afterward found. One instance occurred under my own eyesight. Proceeding along the stage route with the team that should have been relieved, we found the stage stock about three miles away from the station, feeding. I relieved two of the escort, with orders for them to take the stock back to the station. Mr. Spotswood, the agent of the Overland Mail Company, came to Denver with me, and is to return up the road to-morrow morning with stock to replace that which has been taken by the Indians. He is of the opinion that there will be but little, if any, more trouble along the line. I hope to be able to report very soon that the stage company are running their coaches regularly through without detention; and as soon as the companies of cavalry ordered to Fort Collins arrive I can see no reason or trouble why they should not so obviate any difficulty which might occur. I have ordered an officer from these headquarters immediately up the road, with the necessary directions, to see that the officers along the line obey the orders issued to them as received from Your headquarters. The Indians committed some depredations along the route between Fort Halleck and Cooper's Creek while I was on my way to Sulphur Springs. I have ordered reports to be made, which will be forwarded to You immediately on their receipt.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., June 27, 1865.

Honorable JAMES HARLAN,

Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to address You upon a subject which I deem it my duty to present on the score of humanity, believing that statements coming from the commandant of this district, who has had a long and intimate acquaintance with Indian affairs in this region, will enlist Your earnest attention any sympathy. When the great outbreak of the lower bands of Sioux Indians occurred on the frontier of this State in 1862, the Sisseton or Sissetonwan division of the Dakota of Sioux Nation dwelt in villages at Big Stone Lake Traverse, at the head of the Minnesota River. Except a portion of the young men who were induced to join in the attack at Fort Wadsworth the Sissetons took no part in the murders and massacres of the whites, but, on the contrary, denounced the whole proceedings as foolish and wicked. Fearing, however, that their non-participation would not save them from the punishment prepared by the Government for the guilty perpetrators, they left their own country and were found with the great camp on the Missouri Coteau, which was attacked and routed by the forces under my command in July, 1863. In the three actions which ensued these Sissetons were severely punished for being in bad company, as it was of course impossible to distinguish between the innocent and the guilty. The majority of them have since that time proved their desire

