
teers, is hereby relieved from further duty in this department and will proceed without delay to his place of residence, and from there report by letter to the Adjutant-general of the Army.

* * * * * * *

13. Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from his present duties and will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, June 28, 1865.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

Yours of the 27th relating to the concentration of the Seventy-fifth, and in relation to troops in this district, is received. I had ordered the remainder of the Seventy-fifth to concentrate at Terre Bonne, supposing that they were to be used elsewhere; but they are not needed at Brashear or in front of that place. The force at Washington, of five companies of Ninety-eighth and one company of cavalry, is quite sufficient. At New Iberia the three companies of the Ninety-eighth and one company of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, and at Franklin the two companies of the Ninety-eighth and one company of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, will certainly be all that is required. I shall, if there is no objection, bring one company of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry here and send one to Donaldsonville to facilitate arrests and to move promptly at all points where disturbance may arise. I also think a small guard of, say, a lieutenant, a sergeant, two corporals, and twelve men should be sent to report to the provost-marshals of Plaquemine and Houma, and shall detail such guard unless otherwise directed. If the general dissents from any part of this disposition please telegraph me.

I am, with great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., June 28, 1865.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

Yours relating to the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Atkins, reporting the arrival of Captain Stearns, C. S. Army, at Brashear to parole, &c., is at hand. You were laboring under a misapprehension when You penned the letter, for it was Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, commanding post at Washington, who reported the arrival of Captain Stearns, a copy of which report is inclosed. I have never heard either from Lieutenant-Colonel Rice or Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson how many men were paroled, or how many arms received at Washington. But what I learned from Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson was in a conversation on his return to Brashear from New Iberia and Franklin and before he went

