
to Washington. He then told me that he had paroled nearly 700 at New Iberia and Franklin, and had received but thirty-five arms turned over. I embodied this information, as I considered it reliable, in my telegram to You of June 26 relating to a disturbance at Franklin, a copy of which is inclosed. * These I believe are all the facts I have in the case.

I am, sir, with great respect, Your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 28, 1865.

Colonel JOHN H. KELLY,

114th Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post at Millican:

COLONEL: In reply to Your communication of the 26th instant, I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state: The oath of amnesty set forth in the President's proclamation of May 29, 1865, will be administered to all white persons who may apply to take it. Your provost-marshal will administer the oath, which will be signed in duplicate, one copy for the person subscribing to it and one to be retained by the provost-marshal. All retained copies will be forwarded to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters on the 1st and 15th of each month. The taking of the oath is the legal manifestation that the person, if requiring clemency and not excepted from the benefits of the amnesty proclamation, accepts the pardon tendered by the President. If the person is excepted from its benefits it is the manifestation of a desire to secure a pardon, and properly should be followed by an application to the Executive for special favor. The military authority cannot decide who are and who are not excepted from the clemency granted in the proclamation; neither can it grant certificates of amnesty. The civil courts of future orders from the President will establish the rights of citizens under the proclamation. A copy of General Orders, Numbers 61, + headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, current series, is inclosed for Your instruction. It is unnecessary to add to its terms regarding paroles more than this: The improper disbandment of the so-called Confederate forces has rendered the paroling of officers and men by organizations impracticable. Consequently individual paroles of officers and men will be received. They will be expected when reporting for parole to give up all public property in their possession-colors, records, arms, animals, transportation, &amp;c. Their attention will be called to General Orders, Numbers 4, from these headquarters. Your provost-marshal is hereby authorized to grant paroles to all persons recently in the military service of the so-called Confederate Government. The provost-marshal-general will furnish all necessary blanks and forms. Civil officers will be paroled at present only at Houston and Galveston. Only those holding commissions or appointments direct from the Confederate States or State government will be required at present to take the parole.

In regard to the treatment of the freed people, the instructions are necessarily of a general character. Your sound judgment will be often called into action. Until the arrival of officers of the Freedmen's Bureau, which will not be long delayed, the military authorities are charged to see, as far as military necessities may permit, that the col-

---------------

* See p. 996.

---------------

+ See May 26, p. 604.

