
ored people of the State are secured in their personal freedom and their right to hold, transfer, and use their lawfully acquired property, and that they do not abuse these newly acquired rights, both to their own injury and the injury of the white people of the State. They cannot be forced to work except in fulfillment of a proper contract, as vagrants from whom labor is demanded as compensation for subsistence, clothing, lodging, or as a duty to the public, shared in by others, or as an urgent necessity to the military service of the United States. Military necessity demands that they be not permitted to congregate at military posts. They will be advised to remain at their former homes, to make contracts for their labor; will be forced to abide by the contract when considerately made, and will be protected, as far as the military power is able, against cruel treatment. Persons treating their servants or employees cruelly will be punished by fine or imprisonment, or both, after conviction by summary but fair trial before a provost-marshal. Persons considering themselves aggrieved can appeal to You and from You to the major-general commanding. You should appoint an officer especially to take measures by assisting them in the disposal of their labor, to ameliorate the condition of those driven from their homes by cruel treatment. In a limited number of cases You may direct Your quartermaster to issue the ration established for colored laborers or prisoners of war. Your quartermaster should draw rations in bulk from the subsistence depot in this place and serve as a subsistence officer in addition to his other duties. A weekly report of rations issued in this way will be made to these headquarters.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 28, 1865.

Honorable JAMES HARLAN,

Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D. C.:

A grand council of Indian tribes was held at Camp Napoleon, Chatatumaha, on the 26th of May ultimo, at which the Cherokees, Choctaws, Chiskasaws, Creeks, Comanches, Caddos, Cheyennes, Seminoles, Osages, Kiowas, Arapahoes, Lipans, Northern Osages, and Anadarkoes are said to have been represented. A solemn league of peace and friendship was entered into between them, and resolutions were passed expressive of their purposes and wishes. They appoint commissioners, not to exceed five in number, form each nation to visit Washington for conference with heads of Departments. A delegation from this council is now at Fort Smith and requests by telegraph that I will furnish passports for their commissioners to Washington, D. C. The question as to expediency of such, visit at this time is submitted to You. Shall passports be given them?

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 28, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. ARMY,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

By General Orders, Numbers 118, the President assigns You to command the Military Division of the Mississippi, embracing Departments of the

