
Halleck it will load with grain for your expedition and travel on the Overland Mail road to Fort Bridger, or until it meets you, leaving 3,000 pounds of grain at every station where it remains over night. This grain will be subject to your order. When the train meets your expedition you will transfer your stores and supplies to it and it will return with you to Halleck. You will send back to Camp Douglas the teams you may have brought with you form Bridger. There are thirty kegs of powder on this train, invoiced respectively to Lieutenant Colonel Milo George, commanding officer Camp Douglas, and to Major Noyes Baldwin, commanding officer Fort Bridger. You will see that the powder is properly transferred to the train you send back to Camp Douglas. You will bring with you all the clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quartermaster's stores, ordnance, and ordnance stores belonging to Companies L and M, Second California Cavalry. In the event of your starting from Bridger before the train from Halleck arrives, the commanding officer of Fort Bridger will furnish you with sufficient transportation to accomplish this object. You will also bring with you from Bridger the little howitzer and the pack-saddles, instead of the howitzer mounted upon four wheels. During your march from Bridger to Halleck you will report tri-weekly by letter to these headquarters. Copies of this communication are furnished to Captain C. L. Gorton, assistant quartermaster, Denver, Colo. Ter. ; commanding officer Fort Halleck, Fort Bridger, and Camp Douglas, for their information and guidance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 15, 1865-11,05 a. m.

General DORGE:

Please come up to my office. I wish to see you.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 15, 1865.

Governor R. J. OGLESBY,

Washington, D. C.:

Write me full particulars. A general gloom overspreads the entire community. The city is draped in mourning.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 15, 1865-2,40 p. m.

Captain BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Do you know whether General Blunt is on his way to this place?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

