
parties start from Fort Zarah and one from this post. Am in hopes of destroying these small war parties now on this side of the river. Colonel Leavenworth, in accordance with instructions from Congressional committee, is now at the mouth of the Little Arkansas trying to get an interview with the Indians. He has runners out to all their camps. I have sent two expresses to him for information as to his prospects. Will have an answer to-night and will advise You immediately as to what he is doing. The Fifteenth Kansas will be here to-night. Am organizing two battalions now, which will be ready to move by the 4th of July.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 28, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

The following dispatch sent for Your information:

FORT SMITH, June 26, 1865.

Colonel J. LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

The Chickasaw delegation reports a force of wild Indians organized some time ago and started for Kansas to operate on the south road had been recalled, and that part of them had returned and others were expected. The Chickasaws and Choctaws are using their influence with other tribes to prevent hostilities, and believe they can do so.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

COUNCIL GROVE, KANS., June 28, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at the Little Arkansas on the 25th and saw Chisholm, and he says that the Indians have had a council; that there was a Mexican officer there who informed them that the whites had all made peace, and that they could not get any help from the South; that they had better make peace, and that they concluded not to send any more war parties north of the Arkansas River. I told Chisholm that You wanted to employ him, and that You wanted that he should go to the Indians and see what they were going to do. Chisholm started Tuesday morning the 27th, and he says it will take from twenty-five to thirty days, for the Indians have all gone down on the Texas line. He says that he wishes You not to send any parties south of the Arkansas River till his return, for it may endanger his life. Chisholm will report to You in person as soon as he returns.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

H. J. TIBBITS,

Sergeant.

