
brush, mounds, or ravines. Second. You will cause Your wagons to be corralled in a circle in the center of the camp, and inclose the mules and oxen therein during the hours of darkness. Third. During the march keep out the scouts, supported by a cavalry force, on Your front and on the flanks, to give timely notice of the appearance of an enemy, and protect Your train by a strong rear guard. Fourth. It is prudent whenever there is reason to suspect the proximity of Indians in force not only to protect the pickets and sentinels by pits, but to throw up rifle-trenches on each side of the camp to prevent a night attack, which in a war with savages is always to be avoided, as there is great danger of a general and destructive stampede of the animals, who become terrified by the unearthly yells of the enemy. Fifth. Maintain a strong line of sentinels, supported by a powerful guard ready for action at a moment's warning. Sixth. Be constantly on the alert against treachery and keep all Indians, however professedly friendly, from entering or approaching Your camp. At the crossing of rivers or the passage of ravines or other places where an enemy might be secreted, send forward a strong line of skirmishers to examine the ground for a considerable distance on each side before involving the train in a confined and exposed position where it might be destroyed in detail. Seventh. Permit of no straggling from the column during the march or in camp after reaching an uninhabited portion of the country, for that is a prolific source of evil and of danger. The Indians are so remarkably expert in the concealment of their persons that stragglers may be picked off when there are no indications of their proximity. Your movements will be watched by a vigilant but unseen foe, and whenever there is a lack of proper precautions instant advantage will be taken. The brigadier-general commanding had deemed it essential that You should be fully directed in these details, inasmuch as You have had no previous experience in Indian warfare, which differs so entirely from that of the whites. While not formidable to a disciplined force under a watchful commander, these prairie bands are so well acquainted with the country, so adroit in taking advantage of opportunities, so rapid in their movements, and so well skilled in horsemanship and in all the craft of prairie maneuvers, that nothing but constant vigilance and preparation will serve as a guaranty against attack by night and by day. It is highly probable that You may have occasion to open communication with a part of the column now ascending the Missouri River under the command of General Sully, which will also operate in the direction of Devil's Lake. In such case You will consult with the officer in command and co-operate with him in the general object in view. No doubt You will find herds of buffalo on Your march. If so You may suspect that the Indians are not far distant, and care must be taken to prevent indiscriminate hunting by men under Your command. If deemed advisable to add to Your rations of fresh meat, a party sufficiently strong, under the lead of an experienced officer, should be detailed to hunt the buffalo within a short distance of the main column, accompanied by some of the scouts. Your return route will be governed by such information as will enable You to judge whether to skirt the Missouri Coteau and descend the valley of the James River or strike east of the Cheyenne River in the direction of the Red River of the North. The counsel of Special agent Brown will be especially valuable in regard to these points, it being important to make a demonstration of force where it will be attended with the greatest effect. The decision in regard to it should depend upon the locality of the several Indian camps. You will please communicate as often as occasion may present

