
to these headquarters and give full reports of everything connected with the march, and You will cause a journal to be kept as provided for in the regulations. It is particularly enjoined upon You not to cross into British territory under any circumstances, but should You encounter any trader who has been engaged in the illicit traffic of ammunition with the hostile Sioux Indians You will take him into custody and deliver him, with his goods and effects, at the nearest military post on Your return, for trail by general court-martial, in accordance with the proclamation of the late President, promulgated in General Orders (from department headquarters), Numbers 10, copy of which, is herewith inclosed*. I omitted to warn You that horses are in great demand among the Indians, who are exceedingly expert in stealing these animals and will run great risks to obtain possession of them. While grazing, and indeed at all times, they should be strongly guarded.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT PIERRE, June 28, 1865.

(Received 4. 20 p. m. July 8.)

Major-General POPE:

The Indians tell me the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and hostile Sioux, 3,000 lodges, are on the head of Knife River, the place I fought them last year.

SULLY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 28, 1865 - 5 p. m. (Received 29th.)

Colonel COLE, Omaha:

One hundred men of Twelfth Missouri have started. Lieutenant-Colonel brown, with the balance, leaves to-morrow. All equipped. A portion of these men are with Lieutenant-Colonel Thielemann, who has in charge the pontoon bridge for Loup Fork, and will have to aid him in getting it out and putting it in. I want no delay on account of these troops. General Connor is afraid You will be behind. When do You leave? Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, June 29, 1865.

(Received 30th.)

Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

All of the Fourth Corps, about 10,000 men, is now here and will be embarked in a few days for Indianola, Tex., and will occupy San Antonio. I am in hopes that most of the articles of subsistence which will be required for the troops in Texas can be procured from the country, except the small rations. Beef is very abundant and cheap. Arrangements will be made to supply the troops serving in this State

---------------

* See Part I, p. 1296.

---------------

