
erty will at once turn the same over to yourself or such agents as You may designate. You are authorized to organize such military force as may be required for the purpose above specified until the arrival of the Federal troops now en route to the State capital.

I have the honor to be, Your most obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 29, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Lancaster, Ohio:

You go to Saint Louis to command the Military Division of the Mississippi. The order is out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your communication of 25th instant received. Means are being adopted by the staff departments to furnish abundant supplies for Your command. Such orders have been given as will prevent any further waste of transportation upon damaged and worthless forage. General orders in relation to administering oath of amnesty have just issued. Find copy herewith. * blanks and instruction for executing the work will be furnished with as little delay as possible by the provost-marshal-general of the department to provost-marshals of posts. Any rebel officer or soldier may be paroled to return to his home, not to take up arms, &amp;c., but this does not qualify nor disqualify him in any manner for taking the amnesty oath or oath of allegiance. The proclamation of the President of May 29, 1865, may debar him as of an excepted class, even after he has been paroled. If a rebel soldier is a resident of Kentucky it is for the authorities of that State to prescribe conditions for his remaining at home. If he takes the oath of amnesty or allegiance it is proper that such oath should be recorded in his own State. Your action in relation to negroes is approved. They are free to choose their employers, but they must labor and respect their bargains. Their congregating around military posts and depending upon uncertain means of obtaining livelihood must be discountenanced and prohibited. Your action in regard to rebel property, such as mules, horses, &c., is approved. If such is unquestionably public property, the Government should have the use of it after temporary use for agricultural purposes. If Your judgment determines that an animal is the private property of any claimant it may be delivered to him. Suffering should be prevented by judicious issues of subsistence stores, care being exercised that such gratuitous contributions do not encourage idleness and unnecessary dependence upon the public for support. Your General Orders, Numbers 2, are approved. An order will issue from these headquarters, as soon as a proper understanding of the case can be arrived at, tending to systematize negro labor. Officers will be

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 66, Department of Arkansas, June 28, p. 1019.

---------------

