
Upon approaching a place where Indians could hide, such as hills, ravines, or irregular formations, the escort will require the person or thing escorted to slacken their gait while they go ahead and make a thorough examination, when thy will again resume their original position. Commanding officers will issue such orders as may cover these instructions, and will teach their men that they are protectors of the passengers along the route, and therefore should conduct themselves so as to secure their confidence and esteem, and not contempt, as now exists. The commanding general trusts that every officer will faithfully to perform his duty as a soldier, and require those under him to do the same. Copies of all instructions will be furnished by the commanding officers of posts to each company commander.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. S. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

By order of Colonel C. H. Potter:

J. S. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MITCHELL, Omaha, June 30, 1865.

Colonel COLE,

Second Missouri Light Artillery, Omaha:

You are authorized to purchase quartermaster's and subsistence stores necessary to complete Your outfit.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADDENDA.

WASHINGTON, July 1, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

New Orleans:

Get Your troops on the Rio Grande in readiness for active service should the emergency arise. caution them, however, against provoking hostilities. Demand the return of all public property carried to the south side of the Rio Grande since Kirby Smith's surrender, and report the reply received.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., July 1, 1865.

(Received 1 p. m. 3rd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Orders have been issued declaring all slaves free. Second. That all arms must be given up and all public property returned. Third. That all acts of the Governor and Legislature of Texas since the ordinance of secession are illegitimate. Fourth. That no home guards or bands for self-protection will be tolerated. Fifth. That neighborhoods will, by the possession of their property, be held responsible for guerrilla warfare. Sixth. That all refugees may return home in safety, and, as all rebel acts have been declared illegitimate, they can resume possession of their property. The State is now ready for its provisional governor if it is the wisdom of the President to send one. General Steele has been directed to make a demand for the steamer Lucy Gwin on the French authorities, and, if not given up, to get here the best way he can. As soon as Generals Merritt and Custer get to the Rio Grande

