HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brazos Santiago, Tex., July 1, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Texas:

MAJOR: Owing to the bad condition of the roads, General Giles A. Smith's division was delayed in its movement to Brownsville, and I made demand on General Mejia for restitution of Confederate property before Smith had moved. I inclose copy of my letter and Mejia's reply.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, July 3, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding Military Division of the Southwest, New Orleans.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brazos Santiago, Tex., June 28, 1865.

General TOMAS MEJIA,

Commanding at Matamoras:

GENERAL: I have the honor to demand the rendition to the U. S. military authorities at Brownsville, Tex., of all the artillery, arms, and munitions of war taken from Texas to Matamoras by the rebels late in arms against the United States Government, and of all the property belonging to the so-called Confederate States which may have been received from said rebels on and after the 26th day of May, 1865, the date of General E. K. Smith's surrender to Major-General Canby, U. S. Army. This property was all included in the terms of capitulation agreed upon by these commanders, and clearly belongs to the United States Government. Inclosed please find official copy of the order promulgating the terms of surrender above alluded to. *

I have the honor to subscribe myself, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2 - translation.]
HEADQUARTERS IMPERIAL MEXICAN ARMY,Matamoras, June 29, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the note which You address me under date of the 28th instant, requesting me to return to the United States and to the forces established in Brownsville all the artillery, arms, and munitions of war transported of late from Texas to Matamoras by the forces which were fighting against the Government of the United States, as well as all the property of the Confederate States which has been received into Mexico since the 26th of last May, at which date the said property was surrendered to the United States in virtue of the surrender effected on that day by General E. K. Smith to Major-General Canby, according to the copy of the said agreement You send me. Before this present time I have discussed this affair with

See p. 604.

