HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 1, 1865.

General FORD,

Fort Larned:

What about the capture of Kitchen's train on Cimarron? What troops were with them? What Indians is it that are north of the Arkansas? Where do You locate the Comanches and Kiowas now?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Cow Creek, Kans., July 1, 1865.

Major JAMES M. TURLEY,

Commanding Fort Zarah, Kans.:

MAJOR: I send You dispatches for General Ford. Please forward them as rapidly as possible, as they are of importance. Captain Shelly dispatched me to-day that the Indians have killed and scalped four more of his command, and captured the dispatches that You forwarded the other night. The band of red-skins numbered about twenty-five or thirty and crossed the Santa Fe road about seven miles east of Little Arkansas. Killed two of the dispatch bearers. Passed down and crossed the Little Arkansas about eight or ten miles below Captain Shelly's camp, where they found four men of Captain Shelly's command killing buffalo, two of whom they killed. I have sent a force to intercept them, if possible, before thy cross the Arkansas River.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN E. MAYO,

Commanding Station.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 1, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Just arrived. Colonel Cole reports delay caused by waiting for commissary and quartermaster's stores on steamer. Expected in four or five days. Have instructed him to purchase in Omaha and not wait for them. If the articles are to be had in Omaha he will start to-morrow.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

OMAHA, July 1, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

My command left this point this morning. I have been compelled to purchase several thousand dollars' worth of quartermaster's stores to complete my outfit. My regiment has not been paid for six and eight months and the men are very much dissatisfied. Major Almstedt, paymaster, is at Fort Kearny with plenty of funds. Please direct him to pay my regiment at Loup Fork, at which point I leave the main road. The men need the money for their families and they can express it home from that point; this will save me much trouble. Please let me know by telegraph whether the men can be paid or not.

N. COLE,

Colonel Second Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding.

