
U. S. STEAMER FORT JACKSON,

Off Galveston, Tex., July 2, 1865.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Your communication of this day's date, forwarding records and papers, public and private, captured by the rebels on the Harriet Lane and Morning Light, which had been delivered to You by an officer of the so-called Confederate district court.

Very respectfully, &amp;c., Your obedient servant,

B. F. SANDS,

Captain, U. S. Navy, Commanding Second Division, West Gulf Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., July 2, 1865.

Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Military Division of the Southwest:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 26th ultimo inclosing [sic] the tug General Sherman. She draws rather too much water for reliable service either here or at Indianola. However, I will make the most of her until You can do better. A furious gale prevailed here for three days and nights, disabling the Corinthian, Gladiator, and Planter, and driving the Brigadier Ben. Delano ashore loaded with forage. The Planter is repaired and leaves to-morrow for Indianola and Corpus Christi. The Gladiator and Corinthian will be towed to New Orleans to-day. The Hudson and Thomas A. Scott draw too much water for any point on this coast, and should be replaced by vessels of lighter draft. It is of the utmost importance that I now have regular and frequent communication with Brazos, Corpus [Christi], Indianola, and division headquarters, and for that purpose suitable boats should be provided without delay. Has the cavalry marched from Shreveport and Alexandria yet? It is important that I should be advised as early as possible to enable me to provide forage and rations at suitable points along their routes. Upon careful inquiry I find that the amount of forage which can be obtained in Texas has been overestimated, and that the facilities for obtaining hay are quite limited, owing to the scarcity of labor and tools for cutting it. Still, I think we will be able to run the machine after getting the wheels greased and well in motion. I think You had better visit the different posts in Texas to look after the quartermaster's department as early as possible. You will be able to facilitate and simplify Your labors here very much and give everything a good start. It is important for me to consult with General Sheridan and yourself in regard to forage contracts, the amounts required, and at what points it should be delivered.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., July 2, 1865.

JOHN C. FRENCH, Esq.,

President San Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railway, San Antonio:

SIR: Major-General Granger, commanding, directs me to state that it is an important matter to the Government that Your road be pushed

66 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

