
forward as rapidly as possible. He requests that You take measures without delay to put the road in operation between Lavaca and Victoria. He will grant You all proper facilities in his power. General Granger will be at Indianola and Lavaca in a few days.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., July 2, 1865. (Received 3rd.)

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have just received word from Colonel Leavenworth, Indian agent, that from information which he considers reliable, the whole of the Southern Indians, with the Cheyennes and Arapahoes, held a council near Fort Cobb, Tex. A Texan officer was present, who told them that the whites had all made peace among themselves ant advising them to make peace with the whites. The Comanches, Kiowas, and Apaches gave in at once, and said they would send no more war parties north, but the Arapahoes and Cheyennes did not decide. Caddo Indians report to Colonel Leavenworth that the Indians have mostly gone to the Wichita Mountains and down on Red River. Chisholm, the interpreter, with some friendly Indians have gone out to ascertain the truth of this report. This seems to correspond with the dispatch You sent to me from General Bussey. My scouts also report that all the trails are leading south, and that no Indians can be found now north of the river, where but a short time ago the road was lined with them.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., July 3, 1865.

(Received 8. 30 a. m. 6th.)

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The first division of the Fourth Corps will leave here for Indianola, Tex., on Wednesday, the 5th instant, and will be pushed up to San Antonio. The whole corps will be put on the line from Victoria to San Antonio. In Numbers about 10,000 men. The State of Texas never was in so prosperous a condition in reference to supplies as it is at present. I will, I think, have no difficulty in supplying all troops in the interior from the country with everything but the small rations. I have had much chagrin at the slowness with which things move in this section on account of the anomalous condition of the commands. I have to request everything which is cheerfully granted by General Canby, but, as I have no power over the subordinate staff departments to drive them, much delay occurs.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

