
Cheyennes and Arapahoes, however, did not decide. He further reports that most of the Indians have gone to the Wichita Mountains and Red River, which corresponds with what I can learn from my scouts. Colonel Leavenworth expects to meet the Indians by the 15th instant about eighty miles below the mouth of the Little Arkansas, and will inform me of the result of his council immediately. The Indians had all heard of the Senatorial committee and their desire to make peace with them, and know that there has been a large increase of the troops along the roads, making it impossible for them to make anything by continued hostilities, as trains and coaches are too well guarded for them to capture them. I therefore think that Colonel Leavenworth will succeed in making peace with the Indians. All trains, coaches, &amp;c., are now passing safely through the district. Five hundred teams left Fort Larned on the 1st instant for Fort Lyon and New Mexico, escorted by one company of New Mexico cavalry and one company Second U. S. Volunteer Infantry, under command of Captain Cowgill, Second U. S. [Volunteer] Infantry. The troops are now so stationed along the entire Santa Fe, route that it will be impossible to capture any trains or coaches unless it be from the carelessness of post or escort commanders.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., July 3, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A number of Arapahoes and Sioux, whom we have been lately feeding at Camp Collins and Fort Halleck, have been guilty of the most of the depredations committed lately on mail route west of Collins, and, suspecting their guilt was discovered, have left and taken the warpath. None of them are to be trusted. They must be hunted like wolves. The severest punishment is necessary before we can have any peace with them. It is almost impossible to keep the telegraph line up west of here; they cut it daily. They are getting exceedingly bold by their successes against the troops now guarding the line, which induces me to believe they may stand to fight. I sincerely hope so.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK, TER., July 3, 1865.

Colonel C. H. POTTER,

Denver, Colo. Ter.:

Treat all Indians found near mail route as hostile. If Utes have come down on mail route contrary to orders treat them the same. Captain Humfreville arrived here this morning and reports that all the Arapahoes have taken the warpath and were part of the Indians that committed the depredations on mail line. Show no quarter to male Indians over twelve years of age. Three companies of Kansas cavalry have arrived at Halleck. More troops will be sent You as soon as brigade now en route from Leavenworth arrives. Keep the mails running. Troops at stations on the road must stand guard nights.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

