SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 26. New Orleans, La., July 4, 1865.

* * * * * * *

7. In case of seizure or capture of rebel maps, charts, sketches, tracings, surveys, reports, information of routes or roads of any part of the country of fortifications within this command, they will be forwarded direct to Bvt. Major G. L. Gillespie, chef engineer of this division.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 4, 1865.

(Received 2 p. m. 6th.)

Brigadier General C. B. COMSTOCK:

Your telegram has been received. All the new bridge train has been turned over to General Sheridan and sent to Texas. I have 300 feet with heavy canvases, 300 feet with the old wooden bateaux cut; all in good order. I will send the whole 600 to Saint Louis at once. I can send a little later 300 feet with wooden boats now on the way from Pensacola.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Indianola, Tex., July 4, 1865.

Colonel H. W. BARRY,

Eighth U. S. Colored Heavy Arty., Commanding Post of Indianola:

COLONEL: It is important that the San Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railroad should be put in running order at the earliest possible moment. For this object You will dispatch on e regiment of Your command embracing the largest number of axmen and railroad mechanics to Victoria, Tex., with instructions to immediately commence rebuilding the road from that point in the direction of Lavaca. You are authorized to use and employ such transportation and material for the above purpose as the country can afford. For everything else You will promptly make requisition on the chief quartermaster Department of the Gulf, to be shipped direct to Indianola or Lavaca. The officers and owners of the railroad have been requested to give You all the assistance and facilities in their power, with plans, labor, materials, sources of supplies, &amp;c. It is also of pressing importance that the principal wharf at Indianola should be prepared with as little delay as possible for the service of the post. You will use all the means available to repair this wharf, drawing such materials as can be obtained from Indianola, and, if advisable, from the other wharf, and obtaining the others by requisition of the chief quartermaster Department of the Gulf. You will take measures to spread information with regard to this work in the principal neighboring towns to obtain competent foremen and mechanics to come in to work for the quartermaster's department. Two of the principal owners and constructors of this wharf are understood to be in Indianola, and will be requested to facilitate these repairs by all means in their power.

By command of Major-General Granger:

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General, District of Texas.

