HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Indianola, July 4, 1865.

J. O. WHEELER, Esq.,

Superintendent San Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railroad, Victoria:

SIR: It is important for the service of this military department, and also for the interest of this portion of Texas, that the San Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railroad should be put in running order and resume its business with the least possible delay. The major-general commanding this district is anxious to expedite these repairs with all the means in his power, and will assist them by the labor of U. S. troops under his command in procuring materials and in such sorts of constructions as they are competent to, and also by assisting in procuring necessary materials form a distance. For the public benefit, and also for the effect his operations will necessarily have on the interests of the railroad, You are respectfully requested to co-operate with the officer directing these repairs, and to assist them with all means in Your power, as mechanics, materials, plans, former information as to resources of the country, means of supply, &amp;c.

By command of Major-General Granger:

With great respect, Your obedient servant,

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Indianola, Tex., July 4, 1865.

Indianola, Lavaca, Victoria, and Matagorda are designated as points for the paroling of prisoners of war, in addition to the places heretofore announced. Commanders of U. S. troops occupying these points will at once designate officers to act as paroling officers, and those in the performance of their duty will be governed by existing orders from these headquarters and by instructions from the provost-marshal-general of the district.

By order of Major-General Granger:

WM. L. AVERY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 2.

Indianola, Tex., July 4, 1865.

The two regiments of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps now en route to this point, under orders to disembark, will, without disembarking here, proceed t Corpus Christi and there disembark All orders previously issued within this command inconsistent with this order are revoked.

By order of Major-General Granger:

WM. L. AVERY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near New Orleans, La., July 4, 1865.

This command will hold itself in readiness to move at a signal from these headquarters, which will be given at an early hour to-morrow

