
morning, July 5, 1865. The division will move in the following order: First, First Brigade; second, Second Brigade. Preparatory to moving, the troops will prepare this p. m. at least three days' cooked rations, commencing after breakfast to-morrow morning. The rations will be carried in the haversacks. The imminent danger from fire on board the transports renders it necessary that there should not be the slightest particle of cooking whilst on board the ships. The senior officer on each vessel will be held responsible that this prohibition is strictly complied with. A strong guard will be posted on board the transports, who will see that this order is not violated as well as to preserve good order generally. The senior officer will if possible make arrangements to procure hot water from the boiler or the cook's galley for the purpose of making coffee for the men. The whole division will move as a fleet. The relative positions of the ships will be furnished before leaving the levee. On arriving in Texas, commanding officers of every grade will he held strictly responsible that there are no depredations of any kind committed on the citizens by the troops of his command. Supplies which it will be necessary to procure from the country will only be procured under the direction of the division commander, or by officers designated for that duty. All officers and soldiers who violate this order will be subjected to the punishment prescribed by the Articles of War for pillaging and plundering. All officers will read the paragraphs from 851 to 879, Revised Army Regulations, and be governed thereby in placing the troops on the transports and on the voyage.

By command of Major-General Wood:

J. V. DU BOIS,

Inspector and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., July 4, 1865.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding East Sub-District of the Plains, Kearny:

SIR: The general commanding directs that You forward inclosed communication to Colonel cole as speedily as possible. If Colonel Cole is at Columbus upon receipt of this, send it to him by the hand of reliable officer. If he has left Columbus, send it by a reliable and perfectly certain commissioned officer, with proper escort, across the country to meet him. This communication for Colonel Cole embraces instructions for the movements of his column, and it is of the utmost importance that he be placed in possession of it as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., July 4, 1865.

Colonel N. COLE,

Second Missouri Light Artillery,

Commanding Right Column of Powder River Indian Expedition:

COLONEL: In accordance with verbal instructions heretofore communicated to You through Bvt. Brigadier General H. H. Heath, U. S. Volunteers, You will proceed with Your column by the best and most practi-

