
cable route to the east base of the Black Hills, in Dakota Territory; move thence along the east base of the black Hills to Bear's Peak, situate at the northeast point of the hills, and where a large force of hostile Indians are supposed to be camped. From Bear's Peak You will move around the north base of the black Hills to the Three Peaks; from thence You will strike across the country in a northwesterly direction to the north base of Panter Mountain, where You will find a supply depot and probably part of my command. You will see, by the lines marked on the map I inclose herewith,* the route to be taken by You and the other columns of the expedition. If, after You turn the northeast point of the Black Hills, I should desire to change Your course or ascertain Your whereabouts, I will make the fire signals communicated to You by General Heath. You will not make the fire signals unless it is to answer mine or in case You require assistance. The Indians will try to impede Your progress by burning the grass in Your advance or stampeding Your animals. The former You cannot prevent, but the latter You can by side-hobbling Your horses and mules, which You must do by all means. You will always have pickets out and send scouting parties out on Your left flank and front and scout well the streams and canons putting out of the Black Hills on Your left. You will not receive overtures of peace or submission from Indians, but will attack and kill every male Indian over twelve years of age. It is reported that a large band of Indians are congregated at the base of Bear Butte. You will endeavor to surprise them. In order to do so You should first, through Your scouts, find out their exact locality, and reach them by night marches. Hire a number of guides and scouts from among the Pawnees if You can. They will all be borne on Your quartermaster's rolls as guides, as the general department will not pay scouts. I would enjoin upon You to use all the expedition possible consistent with the welfare of Your horses, which You will endeavor to keep in as good condition as possible.

Wishing You every success, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., July 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

DEAR GENERAL: I came down to-day from Louisville to see General Thomas about some old matters, and shall start back for Cincinnati to-morrow, and expect to meet there the orders defining my new command. I want to assume command so that reports may be collected and an office established for receiving and issuing orders. I find that Thomas thought a division commander would exercise much of the duties of a department commander, which may lead to confusion. According to the instructions Halleck gave me, the commander of a military division had nothing to do except to command the troops assembled for action, leaving all details to department commanders. I allude to this subject lest I may be neglecting something expected of me. Telegraphic orders come to me from Colonel Breck, of the Secretary of War's office, about discharges, as though I was a department commander. All I can do is to report the messages to my subordinates.

---------------

* Inclosure not found.

---------------

