
Sumner, N. Mex. The chief quartermaster will give orders with reference to the necessary transportation that no time be lost in the movement of the company.

* * * * * * *

III. Company I, Fifth U. S. Infantry, now at Fort Union, will proceed without delay and take post at Fort Sumner, N. Mex. The chief quartermaster will order that the necessary transportation be furnished.

* * * * * * *

IX. Company F, First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, will proceed without delay from Albuquerque, N. Mex., to Robledo, at the foot of the Jornada del Muerto, where it will take post as a part of the garrison of Fort Selden, a new post about to be established at that point. The chief quartermaster will give directions with reference to the necessary transportation for this movement.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, April 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication of the 10th I have the honor to reply: I have made arrangements for the establishing of one company post at Sioux Falls and Fire Stell Creek by making requisitions for necessary stores, and only await their arrival to commence operations. I have also made arrangements for a company to be stationed at Crow Creek Agency, which is near the mouth of Crow Creek. Should it be deemed advisable the post could be established farther up the creek. I have a company of cavalry stationed at the different posts from Spirit Lake to Sioux City. I propose to abandon these posts. They will not be needed with the new arrangement of garrisons. In regard to the posts at forks of Vermilion, I do not exactly understand the locality you mean by the forks. There is branch near the mouth of the Vermilion. I have already a post there of one company. A small detachment there would be amply sufficient. a company stationed on the road from Yankton to Vermillion would guard sufficiently all that road. The post on the Niobrara at the Keya Paha would be about twenty miles from Randall. It could be built without much extra expense, as a part of Forth Randall could be used in the construction. I have already suggested to you the propriety of reducing the size of Fort Randall. It is unnecessarily large, the buildings very much scattered, requiring a very large guard to protect the stores form theft and fire. I will have in my district by the 1st of May the following cavalry: Twelve companies of the Sixth Iowa, three companies of the Seventh Iowa, and one company of Dakota cavalry, and four companies from Minnesota, twenty companies in all. Twelve of these companies are intended for the expedition to the Black Hills. Five companies required for the new posts will leavy me only three companies to garrison Fort posts near Fort Pierre. This latter post I consider the most important post in the district on account of its position in regard to the Indians. It has always been for years a great point for the Sioux Indians to congregate at. I would, therefore, like to have

