
You remember I spoke to You of the First Battalion, Thirteenth Regulars. They were left here by me, however. They had lost 60 per cent. in battle, which I thought a full share. They want to go with me, and I also want them, and I find General Thomas has always considered them as part of my command. I ask to-day by telegraph for leave to order to Jefferson Barracks. The headquarters are already at Camp Dennison, in Ohio, within the new area of my new division. I visited yesterday the camps of all the troops still remaining of my old army, and learned from General Logan that all are to be mustered out forthwith. I am glad of it, for I think many of them will soon tire of the tedium of civil life and be anxious to enlist in the Regular Army. There are several of the general officers that I want to serve all I can. I take it for granted You will take care of Logan and Hazen. I want Major Gens. John M. Corse, Charles C. Walcutt, and A. S. Williams retained. They are most valuable officers, and I beg You will assign them to me to be retained till the proper time for them to seek new commissions in the future army. Corse and Walcutt have both served with me four years, have been wounded twice in battle, and are most promising young generals; no better in the army. I would like Brigadier General Charles Ewing to be retained. I do not know that any of the general officers are ordered to be mustered out, but I would like to retain the services of the above until the reorganization of the army. As soon as I can get a copy of the order defining my command I shall assume command, call for reports, &amp;c., and then complete my visit to Ohio. I take it for granted You expect little personal service of me this year, and I will keep as quiet as possible. No matter what You may hear, do not fail to believe me sincere in what I wrote You before I left Washington. When my name is used it is positively against my consent.

As ever, Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, La., July 5, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: Get Your troops on the Rio Grande in readiness for active service. Caution them, however, against provoking hostilities, and demand the surrender of all public property run across the Rio Grande since the first surrender. This will embrace batteries of artillery, means of transportation, cotton, &c. Make this demand, or cause it to be made at once, and furnish the reply to these headquarters promptly. Countermand the instructions given to General Steele about seizing the Lucy Gwin until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Near New Orleans, July 5, 1865.

Brigadier General A. WILLICH,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that as soon as Your command is loaded You sail at once for Indianola. Have Your boats

