
rendezvous at the mouth of the river, and sail as a fleet from there to Indianola. Disembark Your troops as promptly as You can on Your arrival there, and put them into camp at the first place You find wood and water on the Victoria road. Every effort will be made to prevent depredations by the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 5, 1865-8. 40 a. m.

Major-General POPE,

Washington City:

(Care of Lieutenant-General Grant.)

Dispatch received. Major-General Elliott has arrived here. Nothing new since You left.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

JULY 5, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Washington City:

General Dodge does not want any canvas pontoons. Arrangements have been made to obtain those he requires. Please inquire if the recommendation of my staff officers were received, and do me the favor to give them what assistance You can. Could not Major Clifford Thomson, Fifth U. S. Colored Cavalry, be transferred to the adjutant-general's department, U. S. Volunteers, and assigned to me?

A. PLEASANTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., July 5, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have department not received a dispatch from You since June 29. Two small trains of commissary stores have arrived containing only two or three articles of the ration, principally flour. It is very provoking to lose so much valuable time through rascally contractors. I am otherwise ready to march, but have not twenty days' rations. I march from here in two columns. Will send You map showing route taken by the three columns. Colonel Cole left Omaha on the 1st of July. If You can spare another regiment of infantry I can make it useful. So far as I can see now I think it would be policy to build two posts at or in the vicinity of Powder River.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 5, 1865.

(Received 6th.)

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I understand by telegraphic reports that efforts will be made to make treaties with the hostile Indians. I have the honor to represent that

