
any treaty made with hostile Indians in this district prior to their thorough chastisement will not be observed by them six months, and will only result in injury to them and the settlers and travelers in this district, and a continual expense to the Government. Unacquainted as they are with the power of the Government, overtures of peace would be looked upon by them as a weakness on our part, and a treaty would only be observed so long as the received presents. They now boast that one Indian can whip five soldiers. They have certainly been very successful against our troops in the last year, and until they are taught a lesson treaties would prove unmerciful to them.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, July 5, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Arrived at this point to-day, my command in fine conditions, and will move as fast as nature of country will permit. I will make up the week I am behind. I made my requisition for quartermaster's stores before I left Saint Louis, and suppose they were shipped on steamer Calypso or Omaha with balance of my stores. Captain Seely, assistant quartermaster, is responsible for their non-shipment, as he had plenty of time to have shipped them on either of the above-mentioned boats.

N. COLE,

Colonel Second Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In view of operations already commenced against the Indians on the plains extending into Colorado I would recommend that the territory be taken out of the Department of California and attacked to the Department of the Missouri. General Pope being of the opinion that the department assigned to him should have headquarters at Saint Louis, where all the depots of supplies must necessarily remain, I would suggest a change in the order to comply with his wish.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1865-11. 20 a. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, New Orleans, La.:

The order has been published placing You in command of military division composed of Florida, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Indian Territory, and Mississippi. You have full authority to order and direct all staff departments. Relieve all general and staff officer whose services are not required, and report names to the Adjutant-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, July 6, 1865.

MY DEAR GRANGER: T. J. Wood's division, of Fourth Corps, embarked yesterday for Indianola. It will move out on San Antonio road

