
to first camp. The other divisions will move as soon as boats are ready. There has been a delay in boats getting back here from the coast of Texas, which is ruinous. I think that some of the quartermasters are inexcusable.

Yours, truly,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Stanley will report to You as soon as he gets over.

P. H. S.

[Indorsement.]

Major Emery will notify commanding officers along the coast of General Sheridan's complaints, and direct them to return boats as soon as possible.

By order:

C. S. SARGENT,

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, July 6, 1865.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Commanding District of Texas:

I will send to Brazos 150 artillery horses for Weitzel as soon as transportation can be procured. These horses are to replace horses lost in the trip out from Petersburg. A pontoon bridge of thirty wooden boats will be sent to Brazos in a few days.

Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, July 6, 1865-12 p. m.

(Received 3 a. m. 8th.)

General J. A. RAWLINES,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Affairs on the Rio Grande frontier are getting beautifully mixed up. Cortina has arrived, and now has his headquarters six miles from Matamoras, and has driven in Mejia's pickets. He also captured the steamer Senorita and took her over to the other side of the river for safety, and she was taken down to Rio Grande City and seized by General Brown. I do not know exactly how it is as yet. Mejia replied to General Steele's demand for battery and other property taken across the Rio Grande, that he had taken no authority to comply with the demand, but would refer it to the Imperial Government. This is just what I expected, and only confirms my former impression that the property can only be obtained when we go and take it. General Steel says the French officers and soldiers are very bitter against out people, and writes me that a grandson of Marshal Ney with 2,000 French cavalry is reported approaching Matamoras, and that he is very bitter and says he is going to invade Texas. The feeling of the people in the interior of Mexico is very bitter, while the natives, soldiers and all, are said to be with our Government, and want to get rid of French rule. Ringgold Barracks is occupied by our troops.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

