SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 28. New Orleans, La., July 6, 1865.

* * *

5. The Thirty-third Iowa Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Thirteenth Army Corps to the Department of the Gulf. The commanding officer will report without delay to Major-General Canby for orders.

* * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. New Orleans, La., July 6, 1865.

The staff of the major-general commanding comprise the following-named officers, who will be respected and obeyed accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel William H. Sinclair, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain Andrew Stewart, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. W. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain L. L. Taylor, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant H. Seymor Burt, Sixty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, aide-de-camp; Major Wilbur F. Goodspeed, First Ohio Light Artillery Volunteers, chief of artillery; Bvt. Colonel William H. Greenwood, U. S. Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Hayes, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain Thomas Palmer, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, acting chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel Edgar C. Beman, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. J. Theo. Heard, U. S. Volunteers, lieutenant-colonel and medical director; Surg. J. D. Brumley, U. S. Volunteers, major and medical inspector; Captain H. E. Stanbury, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters; Captain John Scott, Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, provost-marshal; First Lieutenant John L. Hollopeter, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, chief signal officer; Captain A. P. Hammond, Thirty-first Indiana Volunteer Infantry, chief of ambulance corps.

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANOLA, TEX., July 6, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Texas:

MAJOR: On the 4th instant I directed the commanding officer at this post to send a detail with all the axes of the command to Caney Creek to obtain all the cedar logs suitable for piles, to cut and pule fire-wood, and to report approximately the number of railroad ties eight feet long and not less than six inches in diameter, of any kind of timber, to be procured there. I further directed him to send to Lavaca for pile drivers; to unload carpenters and plank from the steamer Santa Martha, and to assign two pontoon-boats here, with crews, to master carpenter for service about wharves. A raft of cedar logs suitable for piles is reported in Caney Creek, which I ordered taken. On the 5th I wrote to General Steele about property of First Brigade, Second Division,

