
Twenty-fifth Army Corps, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bates, post provost-marshal, about paroling civil officers, as by copies inclosed. * Hearing of a flat-bottom rigged screw, about sixty feet by twenty-five feet, I requested the quartermaster to send and employ it. I also found that Captain Shepherd had the iron-work for two platform-cars for the wharf track, and that most of the rails were in bomb-proof at Fort Esperanza. About 100 pieces of plank were landed for the day's work. The lighters came to anchor before 5 p. m., and were disposed to refuse to go to the steamer for another load when ordered. The carpenter came with a small and insufficient assortment of tools. The foreman, Mr. Ward, said this was by order of Mr. Toley, foreman, in New Orleans, who told them they would find spike hammers, broad-axes, &amp;c., here. I directed Mr. Ward to make out and give post quartermaster a list of tools and materials necessary to finish wharf. The Eighth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery marched about 5. 30 p. m. for Victoria to camp at Chocolate Bayou, expecting to make the march in three days. All the lumber of Santa Martha was landed, amounting to about 130 pieces, or perhaps 6,000 feet, board measure, instead of 60,000 feet, board measure, as ordered. I respectfully recommend that the railroad iron in Fort Esperanza be brought back and relaid on the wharf. Two large store-house, perhaps 150 feet long and 50 fee wide, might he put on the two sides of this shore near the beach. The ground is so dry they should be built with a basement without floor for wet freight. A private store-house, seventy feet by twenty-four feet and two stories high, stands just back of where these would come. If the Victoria railroad were brought to Indianola it would connect with his wharf track, and the freight for Victoria or San Antonio could be loaded on freight cars at the head of the wharf pier for ocean steamers. I think a great many railroad ties could be obtained on Caney Creek and the Colorado and Navidad Rivers, as well as in the Guadeloupe bottom. It would be easy and quick, though not very cheap, to contract for these to be delivered by private parties at landings accessible for stern-wheel boats, flats, and screws. There are about ten axes in this command, and no other tools or wagons. The commanding officer sends to-day for 200 axes, I understand. As a permanent thing I think Indianola is the proper terminus of the railroad. I suppose it could be put to running quicker to Lavaca. I considered this sufficiently important for investigation, and have asked for information from the directors of each road and will report more fully when this is finished. I expect to go to Lavaca to-morrow; to see Mr. Wheeler or Mr. French the 8th or 9th; to go to Victoria about the 10th. The brigade quartermaster is badly needed here to organize and administer his department.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General, District of Texas.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Brazos Santiago, Tex., July 6, 1865.

Major EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Staff of Major General Gordon Granger, Galveston, Tex.:

MAJOR: I have been informed by a staff officer of Colonel Shaw, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, that the order for that

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

