
brigade to come to this has been countermanded by an order of Major-General Granger. I have not been furnished with a copy of this order, but being informed by a staff officer I have considered it authentic and have acted accordingly. I would respectfully request of the major-general commanding permission to relieve Colonel Shaw's brigade by another of my command numbering about 3,000 men. This I very much desire, in order that I may keep my Second Division (to which Colonel Shaw's brigade belongs) intact, and thus my three divisions, into which the corps by General Steele's authority has been reorganized, all intact, and thus facilitate the transaction of business and secure the prompt rendition of returns. This I send direct, General Steele being absent, leaving me temporarily in command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 6, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, U. S. Army,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Orders, Numbers 118, assigns You to command the Military Division of the Mississippi, to embrace the Department of the Ohio, of the Missouri, and of Arkansas, headquarters Saint Louis. The Department of the Ohio consists of the State of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, headquarters at Detroit, General E. O. C. Ord to command. The Department of the Missouri consists of the States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa Missouri, and Kansas, and the Territories of Nebraska and Dakota, headquarters at Fort Leavenworth, Major General John Pope to command. The Department of Arkansas consists of the State of Arkansas and the Indian Territory, headquarters at Little Rock, Ark., Major General J. J. Reynolds to command. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,

Washington, D. C., July 6, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

SIR: Your communication of the 19th of June last, addressed to this Department through the Secretary of War, and letters from Major-General Dodge and from You addressed to Lieutenant-General Grant on the subject of Indian hostilities and Indian intercourse, have been received and carefully considered. In reply allow me to say that the manifest indisposition mentioned by You of subordinate officers of this Department to act in harmony with the policy of the War Department, and the alleged publication of uncharitable strictures reflecting on the character and conduct of those in command of troops in the Indian country, are without the sanction or approval of the Secretary of the Interior, and measures will be adopted to terminate such conduct. It is the desire of the Secretary of the Interior to subordinate the action of the agents of the Department to the policy of the Secretary of War in relation to Indian tribes at war, and to secure the support of the military authorities in carrying out the civil policy of the Government in relation to those Indians at peace with the United States. The

