
shall be done with the wild, uncivilized, or blanket Indians, who live by the chase, now that the encroachments of the white people are pressing them on every side and permeating their country in every direction, destroying and driving off the game on which they have chiefly relied for support.

As Congress has organized civil governments in these Territories, and has thus invited their settlement by civilized people, it is no longer possible for the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of War to preserve them unbroken for a habitation for the Indians. It is equally clear that these Indians cannot long support themselves by their former pursuit. They must, therefore, gradually perish by the sword if they remain hostile; by starvation should they become peaceful and avoid plunder, or they must resort to pastoral and agricultural pursuits. As their extermination cannot be entered on by a great and Christian nation, there is but one course left for consideration. The Government must attempt to civilize them, and the first step to be taken in this policy is to give them a local habitation. They must be induced or compelled to live on some limited district of country designated by mettes and bounds, which they will learn to regard, and which others can be compelled to respect, as their home, where they will gradually adopt from necessity and by imitation pastoral and agricultural pursuits. At first of country assigned to each tribe may be large, and afterward diminished from time to time as game disappears and the Indians become more and more accustomed to civilized pursuits. During the transition period it will become the duty of the Government to supply them with a portion of the means of subsistence commensurate with the deficiency occasioned by the destruction of game by our advancing settlements. To this policy there are great objections, but it is doubtful whether there will be any other practical mode of procedure devised that will not be liable to gments. In the selection of such reservations the agents of this Department will be expected to avail themselves of the great knowledge of the character of the country and of the various Indian tribes acquired by the military officers in command of expeditions against any of these Indians, and in command of the military posts located in their vicinity, and as far as practicable to act in harmony with their views.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your obedient servant,

JAS. HARLAN,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 6, 1865.

Major General J. POPE:

(Care Lieutenant-General Grant.)

When will You return and what disposition has been made of commands? Comanches and Kiowas sue for peace; have left southern route, gone south; will have interviews with them in few days. Cheyennes and Arapahoes are for fight. All Indians in General Connor's command defy us and attack on opportunity. We have had several fights since You left, and Indians on southern route have been severely punished. General Connor sends following dispatch. *

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

---------------

* See July 5, p. 1051.

---------------

