
some infantry to garrison these posts. If it could possibly be arranged, I would prefer the four companies of the First U. S. Volunteers, now stationed in Minnesota, on account of keeping regiments together as much as possible.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[APRIL 16, 1865. - For General Orders, Numbers 66, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, announcing the death of President Abraham Lincoln, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 788.]

[APRIL 16, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 67, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, announcing the accession of Andrew Johnson to the office of President of the United States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 789.]

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, April 16, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Within the last then days times on the frontier have been exciting, on the Mexican side of the river especially. General Cortina pronounced against the Empire on the 1st of April with about 350 men, mostly cavalry. He has at present about 1,200, and four nights ago a party of about twenty-five of his men dashed into Matamoras and killed six or eight Imperialists, one of them a colonel. I was in his camp a week ago, and he told me that if you would order our troops to occupy Brownsville, he would capture Matamoras in less than a week afterward. He does not feel safe in attacking Matamoras earnestly while the rebels or in Brownsville, as they have offered Mejia to cross over and protect the city while he would go and attack Cortina. General Cortina requested me to write to you and request that you give orders to the commanding officer at this post to deliver over to him the artillery and small arms he sent over here last year, as he needs them at present to serve the cause of the Republic. He also told me to say to you that he sent a courier to President Juarez to ask instructions and orders. Everything on the island is quiet. There are about 250 refugees on the island, any many more coming.

Respectfully,

M. DOLAN.

WASHINGTON, April 16, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Make your preparations for carrying out the campaign proposed in your communication of the 8th. I will direct General Allen to commence shipping wagons to Little Rock. You may exercise your judgment about sending to Kirby Smith for a surrender. I believe by judicious management he might be induced to give up the contest. He might want to get of the country himself.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

