
reoccupy their stations I shall be obliged to make a different disposition of the escort for self-protection, if nothing else. There are large bodies of Indians on the road; the lowest accounts place them at from 600 to 800. I am on my way to Fort Halleck with Captain Wilson and an escort of ten men. Should anything special occur I will inform You by messenger.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

HENRY NORTON,

Major Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Post.

NEW ORLEANS, July 7, 1865.

(Received 11. 30 p. m. 8th.)

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Will You have the kindness to represent to the lieutenant-general that as yet I have not been assigned to command; that for over one month I have been compelled to ask from a junior for everything that I required in consequence of that portion of Louisiana which embraces this depot being outside of my command; that in the transportation of troops to Texas and in the organization of cavalry columns to go overland I have been powerless to control subordinate quartermaster and agents, and delays and injuries to the service have been the consequence.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 9, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War with the request that the order assigning General Sheridan to command of military division be telegraphed to him. Much delay and embarrassment necessarily arises from want of authority to command. All the department commanders within the military division should also receive copies of the order sent to General Sheridan.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., July 7, 1865-9 p. m.

Brevet Major-General KIMBALL,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

General Wood's division (Third) has gone and yours will be the next to ship for Indianola. Have Your command in readiness to move at short notice, with ten days' rations and forage. The whole division will not break camp at once, but as soon as one or more ships report here You will be notified of it and will ship whatever number can be carried on vessel or vessels. As soon as Your division, or any portion of it, arrives at Indianola You will at once move it move it out on the Lavaca or Victoria road to the nearest good camp where wood and water can be obtained and go into camp. In order to carry out this part of the order, if You do not go yourself, it would be advisable to send a staff officer with the first vessel to attend to the selection of a camp and the debarka-

