
tion of the troops as they arrive. It will be necessary to move out immediately on the arrival of the troops there, as neither wood nor water are to be had at Indianola. Requisition has been made for transportation and it will be supplied to-morrow or the day after. It will be shipped for Your use as soon as possible. In case You should need transportation before any arrives for You call on General Wood for it. One ship is promised to-morrow. As soon as it reports You will be notified how many troops it will carry. The most stringent measure must be adopted by yourself and subordinate commanders to prevent the destruction of private property, and any damage done will be charged against the officers and men doing or permitting it to be done.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

WH. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, La., July 7, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: Send a small force to occupy Sabine City as quickly as You can. There are several thousand bales of Government cotton there. Let the troops remain until the cotton is gotten out.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

[MAJOR EMERY:]

MAJOR: Send two strong companies of veteran infantry, with twenty days' rations on the Fletcher. Get them off to-night if possible. By order of Major-General Granger:

C. S. SERGEANT,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. -Sixty rounds per man. The quartermaster will send a schooner to bring back lumber. Instruct the commanding officer to take possession of all Government property. There will be a force at Beaumont, on the Natchez river, and at Orange, on the Sabine. The commanding officer will parole as under existing orders.

By order:

C. S. S.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 16. Galveston, Tex., July 7, 1865.

1. Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the District of Houston, to include the posts of Galveston, Houston, Millican, Columbus, and intermediate points, and such other posts as may be specially assigned. The headquarters of the district will be at Houston. The depot of supplies at Gilkeson will not be included in the District of Houston.

2. The Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, and Fourth and Seventh Massachusetts Batteries will proceed by boat as soon as practicable to Harrisburg. Colonel Loren Kent.

