
Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, brevet brigadier-general of volunteers, is charged with the execution of this order, and will report for orders to Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, commanding District of Houston.

* * *

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE TEXAS,Galveston, July 7, 1865.

Brigadier General G. A. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Military Division of the Southwest:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return from Indianola, and to inclose You copy of an order issued to General Weitzel relative to movements of General Russell's and Colonel Shaws' brigades, Twenty-fifth Army Corps; also copies of my own orders on the same subject, which locate five regiments at Indianola and two at Corpus Christi. I found Colonel Shaw in arrest, which I suspended upon the recommendation of Major Sheridan, aide-de-camp, believing that the interests of the service required it. The inclosed communications will apprise You of what measures have been taken to repair the wharf and railroad. Lieutenant-Colonel Palfrey, U. S. Engineers, is in charge of these works, with orders to complete them at the earliest day possible. I have already forwarded from this point all the piles and lumber I can raise to Indianola. The inclosed proposals show what steps have been taken to provide subsistence and forage for use of the troops. I trust our efforts will meet the approval of the major-general commanding. No reports have been received from Major-General Steele as to what steps he has taken to obtain fresh beef and forage. Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, commanding Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, has arrived. I have fixed his headquarters at Houston, and assigned him to command of all troops east of the Brazors River. I think it will be better to halt Custer's cavalry about Hempstead, Millican, and Brenham, on the Texas Central Railroad, as that portion of the country affords more forage and good grazing, fresh beef, and better camps then that about Houston.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 7, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Will station troops near Rock Creek. I fear that rascally contractor will starve us out. Colonel Potter's contract with him is a singular document.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

