HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,July 7, 1865-8 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Fort Laramie:

The contracts were made and drawn up at Washington by Quartermaster-General. Colonel Potter is not responsible for that. However, I want to fasten this delay on the proper parties. There is no just or good excuse for it. It staff offices have been delinquent at Fort Leavenworth, there is a great remedy. If contractors are at fault, there is also one. Will have Loup Fork and Platte River bridged in a few days. I think a good field officer should be put in command of post at Omaha. If You have not one I will send one there. It will be a good post to run supplies out in emergency; also for the purpose of obtaining the products this fall of upper country.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, July 7, 1865.

Colonel COLE,

Columbus:

Your instructions, with a map of the country, and Your route marked out on it, left here yesterday, by mail, to Colonel Livingston, at Kearny, who will send an officer to You with it; he will probably meet You on the Loup above Kearny. Push on without delay; the season is getting late. Have You purchased the quartermaster's stores You required? Your route will be along the main fork of the Loup to its head, thence across to Niobrara along the east base of the Blacks Hills to Bear Butte, and thence to Panther Mountain. Procure good guides from among and Pawnees or half-breeds at Pawnee Agency.

CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, July 7, 1865.

General CONNOR:

I purchased everything at Omaha that I required. My command has everything that it needs. When do You expect me to reach Bear Butte?

N. COLE,

Colonel Second Missouri Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, July 7, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor to report that everything is quiet in the district. The Indians have all left the line apparently, and Colonel Leavenworth reports that everything is progressing favorably, and he thinks he will be able to make peace, as ordered by the Senatorial committee.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

