HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, July 7, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I have the honor to state that the order relieving me from command of this district was received this morning. I would respectfully ask if I shall turn over the command to the next ranking officer and report by letter to Your headquarters, or are You sending out some officer to relieve me? The order does not state what I shall do when relieved.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, July 8, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding District of Houston:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say he has information that there are continual evasions on the part of the late officers and men of the so-called Confederate Government and of other people within the State of the orders of the military authorities. All the posts we now occupy give examples on this. These evasions will not be permitted. He deems it advisable that steps be taken at once to vindicate the authority of the National Government. In doing so, those persons highest in position or influence be held first to a rigid accountability. Upon clear evidence that will justify the action, offenders will be placed in close confinement and the record forwarded to these headquarters for examination and action. Houston is recommended as a suitable place for confinement until the major-general commanding shall give further orders. The arrest of persons and seizure of their property will be promptly made upon proper evidence that property clearly belonging to the United States is in their possession and has not been reported as ordered when they have had proper opportunities for delivering or reporting the same. Examples are needed at once, and the night the position of the offender the more decisive the example. Great care must be exercised. Large amounts of cotton recently belonging to the rebel Government are daily passing through private hands for private account. The Confederate Government had in this State a large amount of land transportation at the time of surrender. Whenever You deem it advisable for the purpose of furthering the agricultural industry of the State to temporarily loan this property You are authorized to do so. The major-general commanding desires in all proper ways to forward the State in development under the laws of the United States. All persons who have determined to cheerfully obey our laws will receive every possible encouragement. Discrimination can properly be exercised between these and those who are hostile to the Government, but do not by acts compel the military forces to proceed summarily against them. Offenders against order must be punished, whatever the next for action.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

