
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, AND DISTRICT OF HOUSTON, Numbers 1. Houston, Tex., July 8, 1865.

I. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 16, paragraph 1, dated headquarters District of Texas, Galveston, July 7, 1865, the undersigned assumes command of the District of Houston, "to include the posts of Galveston, Houston, Millican, Columbus, and intermediate points, and such other posts as may be especially assigned. "

II. Commanding officers of posts within this district will report in writing or by telegraph daily to these headquarters any information of interest pertaining to affairs in their command. They will also report all arrest made by their authority and the cause of the same.

III. It is not the province of the general commanding to solicit the people to turn their hearts and affections to the Federal Government, although, in common with his superior officers and all patriots, he would be most happy to have them do so. But this one thing he can and does solicit them to do, namely, to exert their active influence to promote perfect order, and to prevent all unlawful acts of violence. He will be glad if there shall be no occasion to make a single arrest in the district.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,July 8, 1865-12 m.

Major-General POPE,

Pomeroy, Ohio:

All militia have been relieved from duty in Missouri. Nearly all volunteers moved out of the State and concentrated west. General Dodge goes to Fort Leavenworth, Omaha, and other points middle of next week to look after matters.

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 8, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Connor left yesterday morning for Collins to arrange mail escorts west of that place. Only require subsistence stores to place left and center columns in the field. Everything quiet on mail and telegraph road. Line working through to Salt Lake. Bridging of Loup Fork and Platte River great public benefit. No field to send to Omaha. If deemed advisable by You, the general would be pleased to have one sent. First Battalion Nebraska Cavalry and First Nebraska Cavalry are about to be consolidated at Kearny. Colonel Livingston, one of the very best and most valuable officers in the district, will have to go out unless something is done. Can not something be done in his case? Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, who will be retained has habits which unfit him for the service, and he is recommended mustered out by examining board under the provisions of War Department Order 86.

Respectfully,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

