HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,July 8, 1865-12 m.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL, Fort Leavenworth:

Order General Stolbrand's brigade of infantry to march to Julesburg as soon as transportation can be forwarded. Have them go fully equipped. On arrival at Fort Kearny they will report to General Connor by telegraph. Whatever they may be, push on and get them off as soon as possible.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 9, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Captain Laurant arrived this afternoon. Agent of the Overland Mail Company has withdrawn stock from road between Big Laramie and Halleck, a distance of about seventy-five miles, and refuses to put it on again unless there is a guard of thirty men at each station. The mails will be run through by Government teams. General Connor will not permit them to stop as long as he has a soldier on the road. Company F, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, when ordered up the road by commanding officer Camp Collins, mutinied and refused to go until they were compelled to do so by other troops at that camp. Company B same regiment, offered to assist Company F in the mutiny. General Connor will arrive this evening. He will have everything arranged before he leaves that place.

Respectfully,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

NEW ORLEANS, July 10, 1865.

(Received 11. 15 p. m. 11th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Reliable information from my own scouts at Matamoras is as follows: The French authorities are very much embarrassed. Cortina drives in Mejia's pickets at pleasure, and the arrival of our heavy forces on the Rio Grande and the little irritations which I have encouraged along the river have alarmed them so much that there is perfect exodus from Matamoras. Nearly all the people out of Matamoras are Liberals, and the majority of those within the city. The French soldiers are deserting, and there is generally a very uneasy state of affairs with the authorities. To let down a little I have empowered General Steele to settle little questions arising, but without any authority to settle points for which demands have been made in accordance with Your instructions. Many of the rebels who crossed near Matamoras have returned in disgust. Shelby's command, Governor [Murrah], Clark and company crossed the Rio Grander high up. I have not yet found out where they went, but am on their track. Majla is still at work on his fortifications around Matamoras. They are about there miles in extent and only 2,000 men to fill them.

P. J. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

