
II. The headquarters generals of department will forward, as speedily as possible, an accurate return of all troops serving therein, with the names of the commanders and their stations; also of all general and staff officers and detachments unassigned.

The usual monthly and tri-monthly returns, as required by existing regulations, will be forward when due.

IV. Communications will be addressed to Bvt. Colonel R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 171. Saint Louis, Mo., July 10, 1865.

The Saint Louis, District, District of Central Missouri, District of Southwest Missouri, and District of Rolla are hereby consolidated into one command, to be designated and known as the District of Missouri. Brigadier General J. A. Williamson, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Missouri; headquarters at Saint Louis, Mo.

The commanding officers of the districts discontinued by virtue of this order will report to Brigadier-General Williamson for further orders and instructions. All books and records pertaining to these discontinued commands will be completed at the earliest possible moment and forward to Captain R. A. Phelan, in charge of department records at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 10, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT RILEY:

Get the columns ready to move as soon as possible against those Indians. Has Colonel Leavenworth received any instructions from Secretary of the Interior in relation to the peace he propose to make? No peace, in my opinion, will be of any use that does not make them return stolen property, give up the murderers, and that makes them agree to stay south of our lines and desist from all hostilities, and this without any pay on our part. If they do this, Government may see fit to indemnify or purchase their-lands, if they have taken any from them.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,July 10, 1865-11 a. m.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

Report to General Sanborn. You are relieved, as the muster out of a portion of Your regiment deprives it of a colonel. I think some of con-

