
solidating First and Second Colorado. If I do this will retain You as colonel if You desire it. I understand You, when at Fort Leavenworth, as desiring to go out when the part of regiment mustered out entitled You to go.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS, Numbers 9. Fort Leavenworth, July 10, 1865.

1. Brigadier General C. J. Stolbrand, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby temporarily relieved from the command of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, and is assigned to the command of this district during the absence of the general commanding.

2. Bvt. Brigadier General C. Hall is temporarily assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, during the absence of Brigadier-General Stolbrand.

By order of Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell:

JOHN PART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, July 11, 1865.

Major KENNICOTT,

Thirty-seventh Illinois Vols., Commanding U. S. Forces, Sabine City:

By direction of the major-general commanding You will proceed to Sabine City, Tex., on the steam-tug Fletcher, without delay: debark Your troops and place them in proper camp in or near the place. The Fletcher will be ordered back here as soon as the troops and stores can be landed. Upon arrival You will take possession of such Government property as property which may be in the neighborhood, and do all You properly can to secure the rights of the Government therein. Sabine City is established as a place of parole, and You directed to appoint an officer to serve as provost-marshal, and act under instructions of the provost-marshal-general. You will reports by letter to these headquarters direct without delay such information as You may be able to obtain. You will report also to Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, commanding District of Houston.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 11, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General STAFF,

Cottonwood:

The general commanding directs that You march to Julesburg as rapidly as possible. Report by telegraphs from that place. If You overtake the Sixth Missouri tell commanding officer that his command is required at Laramie just as soon as he can possibly get it here.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

