HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., July 12, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post on the 11th instant and have assumed command of this district, as directed in paragraph 7 of Special Orders, Numbers 176, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., July 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

In the Field:

DEAR GENERAL: My last news from You is dated at Fort Sully on the 1st instant. I hardly know how this will reach You, but will send through by General Sibley's lines. I have nothing important to say. You seem to be moving all right, and I hope Your progress may not be impeded. I see General Sibley has started the Third Illinois Cavalry to join You if they can, but I hope You are in advance and may arrive at Devil's Lake before they reach You. They left Saint Paul about the 6th instant. I do not think the hostile bands will make any stand, and only hope You may scare them still farther from the settlements; but I especially want You to select a site for a Fort at or near Devill's Lake. General Pope has sent a large force out on the plains from Omaha and Leavenworth, and I trust he will fill up the void created by muster-out in Your rear. The Sixth and Seventy Iowa will probably go out; also the rebel recruits. Such are recent orders. Colonel Pollock will, of course, go out with his regiment. I recommended You to release him for the purpose of mustering out. I cannot send a court to try him; besides, the witness must be with Your command. No further troubles have been reported of Indian assaults on the Minnesota settlements, and I concur with You in the belief that the report from Abercrombie of great gathering of all tribes west of the Mississippi is a mere marvel, excited by some arrivals from the west. The buffalo followers cannot take great numbers far away from their game. Small parties will and may make considerable ventures to steal horses and take scalps, but great Indian combinations cannot be made and should not be anticipated. It is only small bands that may the offensive and annoy the settlements. To prevent this such columns as You are now leading must press them back, and if possible follow their war parties, so as to prevent their success. I am recovering from wounded arms received by a fall. It gives me some pain to write, but I am far better than I was, and will be entirely well in a few days' more, so my surgeon thinks. I hope You will continue to write often, giving me incidents by the way. Nothing of importance is transpiring, and matters seem to be setting down on a peace basis.

I remain, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

