
against these Indians, but it is wrong for me to send out to fight them while their agents are assuring them of peace and offering it to them. They have been guilty of great outrages, within thirty days. They now go south as soon as they find the force I have got ready to punish them, and are ready to sign a peace contract, which they will keep until I take my troops away, when they will attack us again. I think we should punish them first for what they have done.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 13, 1865.

Major-General SANBORN,

Fort Riley:

Get Your column ready to move against those Indians. I do not believe Colonel Leavenworth has any authority to make peace with them until they are punished for past acts, and we have some security for the future, in their giving up stolen stock, Government property, and the men who have committed the murders on the line. I have telegraphed to Secretary Harlan to ascertain if Colonel Leavenworth is acting under his instructions. At any rate, don't delay a moment in starting the columns. I will telegraph as soon as I get word from Washington. The place to make treaty is down in the heart of their own country, where we can dictate terms; not they in our country.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., July 13, 1865.

Colonel LEAVENWORTH,

Indian Agent:

COLONEL: Please communicate to me by the bearer any information You may have of the location where the hostile Indians may be found, their present intentions, and the prospect of securing peace with them by treaty without war at an early day. Your own personal safety require that You should look upon the present condition as one of war, unless Your own information is such as to justify a different conclusion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., July 13, 1865.

WILLIAM H. GREEN:

You will proceed to the mouth of the Little Arkansas, deliver Your dispatches to Colonel Leavenworth, and bring back any dispatches that he may give to You. Also learn all You can through Your own scouts and guides relative to the position, number, and intentions of the Indians in that section of the country and south of them. Make this trip as rapidly as possible, and report all information obtained to me at this place at the earliest date possible. Bring all dispatches sent

