
by Colonel Leavenworth and others. Commanding officer of Third Sub-District and of posts are hereby directed to furnished all necessary escorts.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding District.

P. S. -No acts of hostilities will be committed by You or any of the men escorting You, unless You are attacked and the same are committed in self-defense. Be careful to observe the above instructions.

J. B. S.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 13, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Just arrived from Collins. Indians have occasion of mail road between Virginia Dale and Sulphur Springs. Stages are drawn off. Am sending mails over interrupted part of line by wagons and large escorts. Will send part of Stagg's brigade there. No commissary stores yet.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 14, 1865.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: General Steele notified me yesterday evening that Maximilian has directed Mejia to give up the battery of artillery, ammunition, wagons, animals, and that it would be turned over on the 9th of this month. There is a stampede on the part of the Franco-Mexicans. Camargo has been evacuated. The garrison marched down to Matamoras with large cotton trains. This cotton is C. S. cotton stolen under the auspices of the French commandant. General Steele notifies me that the command of General Shelby which escorted the cotton stolen under the auspices of the French commandant. General Steele notifies me that the command of General Shelby which escorted the cotton agent of Texas, Governors Murrah, Clark, and Allen, Generals Smith, Magruder, and others, had with it three pieces of artillery, forty wagon loads of Enfield rifles, and a large wagon train. He has some doubt of the correctness of this report, but I do not doubt it but very little myself. Cortina has made application for his artillery, which is at Brownsville (three pieces), and I have directed it to be quietly turned over to him. This was the understanding when it was left at Brownsville. General Steele also notifies me that they are nearly starved out in Matamoras.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 14, 1865.

(Received 1. 35 a. m. 15th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I regret that Texas and Louisiana are united in on department. Either of these States is sufficient for a military department at the present time. To have the headquarters of the State of Texas in New Orleans is inconvenient.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

