
POMEROY, OHIO, July 14, 1865.

(Received 11. 30 a. m. 15th.)

Colonel T. S. BOWERS:

Please ask the general to have orders assigning Colorado to my department telegraphed to Saint Louis; also order changing my headquarters to Saint Louis. I shall be there to-morrow or next day.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 14, 18165.

Brevet Major-General SANBORN,

Fort Riley:

Consider whether it would not be will for You to have a good supply of stores of all kinds at Fort Larned - I mean in addition to those needed for that post-so that escorts, expeditions, &amp;c., could be supplied at all times. Also, if it would not be well to put a post about 90 or 100 miles this side of Fort Lyon, near Aubrey Crossing, or in that vicinity, so as to relieve escorts to stages oftener. I propose to send some fifteen light wagons, rigged for five mules, to be used for escorts to coaches. Send more wagons and lighten the loads. It appears to me the loads to wagons escorting coaches are too much, and must break down teams. Often her that offices in charge of these escorts are negligent. Make them do their duty, and show no mercy to those who do not. Give my Your views on these points.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS, Numbers 11. Fort Leavenworth, July 14, 1865.

The headquarters of the Northern Sub-District will be transferred to Lawrence, Kans. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for Brevet Brigadier-General Spalding, commanding, three commissioned officers, and authorized horses and servants with three enlisted men.

By order of Brigadier General C. J. Stolbrand:

JOHN PART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,July 14, 1865-5 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Fort Laramie:

How long before the commissary stores will arrive? What Indians is it that are on the Overland Stage Route? How long before Stagg's brigade will be able to get there? Tibbits' brigade are part on road and part leave Fort Leavenworth this week. It is next to impossible to get horses to mount cavalry, which actions have entirely dismounted. Do You know or hear anything from Indians near base of Black Hills or north of that?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

