
start for the Big Hills this morning with twenty-five men in order to ascertain if there is a rebel force there, and, if so, its strength.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HAAS,

Major, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

[APRIL 17, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 69, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to the observance of the day of President Lincoln's funeral, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 809.]

[APRIL 17, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 70, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, announcing the extension of the military lines of the United States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 809.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 106. New Orleans, La., April 17, 1865.

* * * * * * *

2. Major Wickham Hoffman, assistant adjutant-general, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 111, paragraph 14, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, March 7, 1865, is hereby assigned to duty with Brigadier General T. W. Sherman, commanding Southern Division of Louisiana.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., April 17, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your information the following extracts from the daily report from this office dated April 17, 1865: Some corrections have been made by deserters in regard to the gun-boat Missouri at Alexandria, La. She has ten ports instead of seven, there being two in each angle of the bow as well as the stern, so that a gun mounted in the angle can be used as broadside or bow gun. There is only one gun in the bow, and that is in the starboard angle. The wood-work is one foot and a half thick. Lieutenant Curtiss reports from Baton Rouge the 12th instant that he has ascertained the location of the brooks and papers belonging to the U. S. General Land Office for the State of Louisiana to be about thirty miles from Baton Rouge, on what is known as the Montpelier road, Saint Helena Parish, La. Captain Knox reports from mouth of White River the 6th instant that a refugee who came from Camden, Ark., March 24, states that General Fagan has his headquarters at Washington, Ark., and Magruder had been ordered into Texas. There were about 1,500 troops at Camden, but all except the reserves (old men) were going to the Red

