
FORT RICE, July 14, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I take advantage of a boat going to Saint Louis to write You a few lines privately about matters here. There are now here about 200 lodges of Indians from the hostile camp, and others are on the way. To-morrow 250 more lodges are expected in, and the boat reports they saw large numbers coming from the north to meet me. They all wish peace. Say they don't want to fight me, but still quite a number of Sioux Indians are with the Cheyenne and other hostile tribes on the Knife River. These are Indians who fought me last year. The hills around are covered with their lodges. In a few days when the rest, who are on their march, reach here I will hold a grand council and give them terms of peace as directed by You. I am satisfied in my own mind that no hostile Indians are near Devill's Lake or the Minnesota frontier, or that any large body of hostile Indians have ever been there, but I shall go there as ordered without I am perfectly assured there is no necessity. Very large camps of half breeds of the north are on Mouse River and near Maison du Chien trading with the Indians in whisky, powder, &amp;c. The friendly Indians here wish to know if they will be justified in attacking them. When I get through with matters here I think I will visit them. I will be able to tell You more in a few days. Burleigh has gone to Washington with a large pile of documents against me, sworn to by Colonel Pollock, half-breeds, and others, so I am informed by a friend of his. I am troubled about my mail. Captain Goodbridge informs me my last dispatches were received with seals broken; said to be accidental, but I doubt it. You have no idea of the amount of rascality in this Territory, inhabited by grasshoppers and scamps.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1865.

A. JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

Looking upon the French occupation of Mexico as part and parcel of the late rebellion in the United States, and a necessary part of it to suppress before entire peace can be assured, I would respectfully recommend that a leave of absence be given to one of our general officers for the purpose of going to Mexico to give direction to such emigration as may to that country. I would not advise that emigration be invited, or that such officer should go under special instructions. He would probably take service under the Liberal Government of Mexico. By giving heard and shape to the foreign and native element already there would insure the restoration of the Liberal or Republican Government. Mexico has men enough if she had arms to defend herself. With the large surplus on hand, I do not see why we should not sel her them. I presume there would be no objection raised to sell the English or French Government arms. I do not see, therefore, why we should not be allowed to sell to the only Government we recognize on Mexican soil. I write this for instructions, because I will not do or authorize anything not receiving the proper sanction. With the sale of

