
arms I have nothing to do. I speak, therefore, in reference to giving leaves of absence for the purpose stated. I send this direct, the Secretary of War being absent from his office to-day.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, July 15, 1865.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I think it best that General Granger should be relieved. He never would have been where he is had it not been for General Canby and himself, who put his corps en route in a great hurry before I reached New Orleans, suspending the order for mustering out regiments and sending them to Texas, only to be immediately sent back. If he is relieved it would be only to send him to the Rio Grande, where I do not want him, and which would displace General Steele, who suggest that he be ordered from Washington. I have already recommended in a report to General Rawlins that the Thirteenth Army Corps be consolidate into one division.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

New Orleans, La.:

Relieve General Granger and direct him to report to the Adjutant-General for orders. Order will be made making Texas a separate department, and breaking up corps organizations of the Thirteenth and Sixteenth Corps. You can have Wright for command of Texas, or any officer now there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., July 15, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General CONRAD,

Commanding Second Division, Fourth Army Corps:

Your division will commence to embark for Texas to-morrow and will continue as fast as transports are furnished until all have left. Notice will be given You of the number of men with their baggage and ten days' rations required to load each ship, as the ships are reported ready at these headquarters. You will detail one of Your best regiments to remain here on his ground as a provost guard until all the transportation and artillery have embarked. The commanding officer of this regiment will report to the general commanding the corps for instructions.

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

