
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near New Orleans, La., July 15, 1865.

This division will commence to embark for Texas to-morrow and will continue as fast as transports are furnished until all have left. Notice will be given of the number of men with their baggage and ten days' rations required to load each ship as the ships are reported ready at these headquarters. The Sixty-fourth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry will remain here on this ground as a provost guard until all the transportation and artillery have embarked. The commanding officer Sixty-fourth Ohio will report to the general commanding the corps for instructions. The First Brigade will embark first and be in readiness to commence loading to-morrow, except the Twenty-sixth Ohio, which will remain and embark on the same transport with division headquarters. Although everything must be in readiness to-morrow no tents will be struck until further orders from these headquarters.

By command of Brevet-Brigadier-General Conrad:

JAMES A. SPENCE,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., U. S. COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 91. Pineville, La., July 15, 1865.

* * *

III. The Third Brigade is hereby discontinued, and the regiments composing it will report for duty as follows: The Seventy-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry to Colonel F. M. Crandal, commanding First Brigade; the Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry accountable for public property will turn the same over to the chiefs of the proper departments at these headquarters.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 22. Galveston, Tex., July 15, 1865.

1. Fifty thousand rations will be forwarded from each Columbus and Indianola to San Antonio as soon as possible. The salt-meat ration will be reduced to one-fourth, and the ration of salt will be doubled. The chief commissary of subsistence of this district will see that the stores are in readiness, and the chief quartermaster will provide the necessary transportation. Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, commanding District of Houston, will furnish all guards required to protect the train Indianola upon the application of the quartermaster's department.

2. Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Patterson, Twenty-ninth Iowa Volunteers, is assigned to duty at these headquarters as acting assistant inspector-general. He will report without delay. The enlisted man now serving with Lieutenant-Colonel Patterson as clerk will accompany him for duty at these headquarters.

* * *

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

