
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1865.

(Received 2. 15 p. m.)

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have arrived and assumed command. General Pope telegraphs from Pomeroy, Ohio, that his headquarters are to here also, and mine at Cincinnati. This change should not be made without my consent, and I do not consent. What about the Thirteenth Infantry?

W. T. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1865-8. 12 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Thirteenth Infantry is ordered to Saint Louis. Your headquarters have not been changed. At General Pope's request I asked to have his changed to Saint Louis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER KANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., July 15, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of the 13th instant is received. Subsistence stores commenced arriving this morning. Three more companies of the Fourteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers will arrive on Monday. When may I expect the Eighth Cavalry Illinois Volunteers? I shall start for Fort Zarah Tuesday or Wednesday morning next. There will be much wanting in preparation, but I think it will be better to move than to wait. Indians remain hostile; attacked train on the 27th and 29th ultimo and were repulsed. No word from Colonel Leavenworth. Have notified him to consider and treat the condition as one of war. I shall cross the Arkansas at Zarah or Larned. No moving machines have arrived for any post but this. I desire all quartermaster's and commissary supplies sent to me through the chief quartermasters and commissary of the district. When may I expect Captain Garvens, who has been assigned to duty here? I will communicate after reaching Zarah.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, July 15, 1865.

Brevet Major-General SANBORN,

Fort Riley:

There are large numbers of trains loaded with all kinds of stores en route to You. Forty teams loaded with clothing have been ordered from Springfield. Retain the escort. It is astonishing to me that stores should be short in that district. I gave orders to every one to avoid such an emergency. I again advise You to push out some of the trains loaded to Riley, and make a sub-depot at Larned. Get the column ready to move.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

