HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, July 16, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I shall send forward a large supply of stores to Larned as soon as I can get them here for troops operating in establishing a post at about 100 miles east of Fort Lyon, except that of relieving escorts. The post would be of advancing in this respect, and I would recommend that a small post be established there as soon as troops can be spared. I will go west soon myself, and will keep some staff officers on the alert for negligent officers commanding escorts. They seen to be vigilant now. Colonel Leavenworth reports on the 12th instant that he had no word from his runners since last reports. The assistant quartermaster assigned here should report immediately, as that department here is in bad condition and must be reorganized at once, to secure forage and other supplies. Telegraphic order prohibiting muster out of the U. S. Volunteers received to-day.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - No subsistence, except that on the teams started by me while at Leavenworth, has arrived, and I can learn of but a few contract teams on the road.

J. B. S.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 16, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Five of the Indians who were in the band who mutinied and killed Captain Fouts came in to-day. They say they escaped from band. I have them in guard-house. They report the band at Bear Butte, intending to move to Powder River with another band that joined them, and suffering for supplies. Also report other bands of hostile Indians on Powder and Tongue Rivers. Have the regiments of military started? If so, how many?

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 17, 1865-12. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 20 a. m. 19th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington:

GENERAL: General H. G. Wright will be entirely acceptable to me for Texas. I would be very glad to have him. General D. S. Stanley, who commands the Fourth Corps, has some claims on account of rank.

Either one will answer.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

