
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE GULF, Numbers 1. New Orleans, La., July 17, 1865.

The Military Division of the Southwest, which was created for special purpose, is discontinued. In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 118, dated War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, June 27, 1865, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Military Division of the Gulf, consisting of-

I. The Department of Mississippi, Major General H. W. Slocum commanding, embracing the State of Mississippi, headquarters at Vicksburg;

II. The Department of Florida, Major General J. G. Foster, commanding, embracing the State of Florida, headquarters at Tallahassee;

III. The Department of Louisiana and Texas, Major General E. R. S. Canby commanding, embracing the States of Louisiana and Texas, headquarters at New Orleans, La.

The headquarters Military Division of the Gulf will be at New Orleans, La.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF LOUISIANA AND TEXAS, Numbers 1. New Orleans, La., July 17, 1865.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 1, from the headquarters of the Division of the Gulf, the undersigned assume the command of the Department of Louisiana and Texas. The designation of district and the permanent assignment of troops and commanders will be made hereafter. In the meantime district and others commanders will immediately report by the speediest means of communication the number, character, and location of the troops under their command; the condition of the country occupied by them; the depots from which and the routes by which are supplied; the quantity and character of the supplies that can be procured in the country at less cost than they can be furnished from the general depots; the character and present condition of the railroad, telegraphic, and other means of communication, and any other information or suggestions that they may be useful. In addition to the customary returns and reports, commanders of regiments and batteries will immediately transmit a roster of their commands, exhibiting the present effective and aggregate strength, and the date of the expedition of their of service. The Department of the Gulf is discontinued, but the returns and reports required to complete its records will be made up to the date of this order, and transmitted to these headquarters with as little delay as practicable.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 2. Vicksburg, Miss., July 17, 1865.

I. The Department of Mississippi is divided into the following districts:

The Western District of Mississippi-embracing the counties of Bolivar, Sunflower, Washington, Yazoo, Issaquena, and Warren. Brigadier General J. A. Maltby is assigned to the command, with headquarters at Vicksburg.

