
The southern District of Mississippi-embracing that portion of the State south of the northern line of the counties of Claiborne, Copiah, Lawrence, Covington, Jones, and Wayne. Bvt. Major General J. W. Davidson is assigned to the command, with headquarters at Natchez.

The Northern District of Mississippi-embracing that portion of the State not included in the Western and Southern Districts, as above defined. Major General P. J. Osterhaus is assigned to the command, with headquarters at Jackson.

II. All official communications to these headquarters, from either of the district will be forwarded through the district commander.

III. The Northern and Southern District of Mississippi as a 'separate brigade" in the sense implied in War Department General Orders, Numbers 251, series of 1864, to enable the commanding officer to convene general courts-martial.

IV. District commanders will immediately report the number, character, and location of the troops under their command; the character and present condition of the railroad, telegraph, and other means of communication, and any other information or suggestions that may be useful.

By order of Major-General Slocum:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 5. Saint Louis, Mo., July 17, 1865.

The following-named officers compose the staff of the general commanding, and will be respected accordingly: Bvt. Colonel R. M. Sawyer, U. S. Volunteers, lieutenant-colonel and assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel L. M. Dayton, U. S. Volunteers, major and assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. C. McCoy, U. S. Volunteers, major and senior aide-de-camp; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Audenried, U. S. Volunteers, captain and aide-de-camp; Bvt. Major General W. F. Barry, chief of artillery; Bvt. Brigadier General L. C. Easton, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Bvt. Brigadier General A. Beckwith, U. S. Army, chief commissary; Bvt. Colonel John Moore, U. S. Army, medical director; Bvt. Major S. Bachtell, captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army; Bvt. Major W. L. B. Jenney, captain, additional aide-de-camp, in charge of engineer bureau; Captain W. Warner, One hundred and twenty-seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. W. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 17, 1865,

Major General ALEXANDER McD. McCook,

U. S. Volunteers, Denver City, Colo. Ter.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I see by the papers that the Commissioner of Indian Affair, Mr. W. P. Dole, has a carte blanche to make treaties with all the Indians of the plains. The object of this note is simply to state that if Mr. Dole is charged with such extraordinary powers, and

