
if Colonel Leavenworth is also clothed with treaty-making powers as an itinerary plenipotentiary, and then Colonel Carson, and Mr. Bent are sent to talk with so many diverse views, and encountering the Indians for talks and smokes at such unexpected times and places, may lead to some little confusion from the cross-purposes in which the parties may act. The Indians themselves must look up such proceedings either as a practical joke, of their Great Farther, as the result of some policy which, being unable to fathom, they will charge to the general credit of a big medicine, or, abandoning all these grounds, will receive such proceedings with their accustomed gravity, and revolve over and over again their probable purpose with an assumed yet baffled sagacity.

Would it not simplify matters a good deal if Colonel Leavenworth and Mr. Dole were recalled and leave Carson and Bent to smoke through the preliminary protocols, while the Congressional committee itself, now clothed with ample powers, comes forward at the proper time if matters are propitious and makes the real treaty? This is merely a thought which I presumed might be of service in so important a matter. I have no fait in treaties with Indians, and think none should be made as a rule. If they do right they should, in my opinion, be treated with great kindness and consideration. If they do wrong I believe in punishing them by war until they promise and do what is right again. But as it is believed to the best plan to make a treaty with the Indians of the plains who are now attacking our trains, running off our stock, and killing our people, Mr. Dole and Colonel Leavenworth not being men who understand Indian character as Colonel Kit Carson and Mr. Bent do, should, in my opinion, retire from the treaty-making business, lest complications and riddles which will not only be difficult for us to solve, but will sorely puzzle our red brethren, be sure to ensue.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 18 Santa Fe, N. Mex., July 17, 1865.

I. By orders just received from the War Department, Colonel John C. McFerran, U. S. Army, is relieved from duty as chief quartermaster of the Department of New Mexico. The general commanding the department in making this announcement to the troops of this command desires thus policy to express his tanks to Colonel McFerran for the able and efficient service which he has rendered to the Government in the responsible positions he has held as chief of staff and as chief quartermaster at these headquarters. When Colonel McFerran assumed the duties of chief quartermaster of the department in September, 1862, he found very large amounts of outstanding debts and of unadjusted claims on the Government of the most embarrassing character, growing out of the confusion which had overspread the whole Territory during the Texas invasion. He had no money, and the credit of the Government was a very low ebb. The Indians were riding over the country roughshod, and murdering and robbing on every hand. Active operations against them had to be at once begun. Colonel McFerran grappled with all these matters with promptness. He adjusted and

69 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

