
cleared off all these complicated accounts, restored confidence in the Government on the part of the people, had his transportation and supplies always at the right place in the right time in the active field movements of the troops, and more than all this, had pervading throughout the various ramifications of the widely extended affairs, of his department a system, a timing of matters, and a security which made its business move at once with regularity, precision, and with correctness. In the Navajo war, resulting in the removal of that tribe some 450 miles over a sterile country, and entirely by wagon trains, Colonel McFerran's arrangements were so perfected that the troops operating in the field under Colonel Carson were always abundantly supplied, and, finally, when the spirit of the tribe was broken, the 8,500 captive Navajoes were removed that whole distance with no confusion, no delay, no lack of food at any one point, and with an economy which may successfully challenge comparison with any similar service in the whole country since the formation of our Government. For these and for other important services that cannot property find place for enumeration with the limits of an order, the country owes to Colonel McFerran at debt not yet paid. The general commanding the department does not wish to receive credit for what has resulted from the labor or ability of others, and he takes this occasion to say that much of his success in all Indian operations he owes to the enlarged experience, prudent counsels, and to the sound, practical efforts of this most accomplished officer, and he desires to state the fact that the credit may be given to one of those to whom it justly belongs.

II. By order from the War Department, Colonel Herbert M. Enos, U. S. Army, is announced as chief quartermaster of the Department of New Mexico.

By command of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT RICE, DAK. TER., July 17, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I write You unofficially what I have already written officially to department headquarters. Yesterday I had a talk with part of the hostile Indians, some 300 lodges. They expressed themselves tired of the war, and after I told them Your terms of peace they expressed themselves perfectly satisfied, and said if I could in that way to all the camp they would all snake hands with me and make peace. But the trouble is to make them believe this. Several started out early this morning to the hostile camp to tell them what I said. They are very much afraid of this Fort and fear to come here. Several Indians told me that at old Fort Pierre all the Indians would meet me and make peace. I think traders through half-breeds are partly the cause of this, telling the Indians not to come here for fear of a trap. I shall remain here for a few days to see if there is any hope of more coming in, and them march north. An occurrence a little unfortunate happened on my arrival. I crossed the river just as this large camp of Blackfeet and Uncpapas arrived. At the time 130 more lodges were on their way. When I landed the Fort fired a salute. The advance, seeing this, thought they were firing on them, gave the alarm, and the whole party scattered. Indians, however, have gone after them to

