
bring them back. The Indians appeared to fear very much that their land was to be taken from them. This I assured them was not the case. All the Government demanded was that our citizens moving peaceably through their country should not be molested. The Cheyenne also sent into Berthold to know if I would grant them peace. I sent word to them to meet me and I would talk with them. Things look bright for peace, but I can't say positively what will happen. The red man is a hard animal to deal with, and very uncertain. Fire Heart, chief of the Blackfeet, and one of the most warlike of the Sioux, said to me in council, "You are a good chief sent out by our Great Farther. If You are a brave man why don't begin and hang all the agents here on this ground in presence of the Indians? It is they who gets us into trouble by telling us lies. " I wish I could have the Congressional committee present here to listen to these Indians. They would learn some wholesome truths. I am much pleased with the appearance of this post and the way military duty is performed. Colonel Dimon is certainly an excellent officer. A few more years of experience to curb his impetuously would make him one of the best officers in our volunteer service. Please excuse this dirty letter. The wind is blowing a hurricane, and what withe the dust, dirt, flying about it is impossible to keep anything, one's self included, clean for five minutes.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 18, 1865. (Received 1. 25 a. m. 19th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington:

I respectfully recommend that General Steel be placed in command of the Provisional Thirteenth Corps when organized.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

HOUSTON, July 18, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just returned from Columbus. The people appear well disposed, but there is not much cordiality. About 800 have taken the amnesty oath at that place. A detachment of the Twenty-third Iowa had been out fifty miles from Columbus and taken seven men, alleged jayhawkers, and recovered about $3,000 worth of private property that had been stolen between here and Columbus. I saw 15,000 head of cattle on the prairie.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1865-3 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

New Orleans, La.:

You may direct the discharge of all cavalry You can dispense with, and the sale by the quartermaster's department of the horses where they are. In Louisiana, Mississippi, and Florida, dismount such cav-

