
alry as You may think necessary to retain for garrison duty and keep the minimum number of mounted men required for the services to be performed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,'

New Orleans, July 18, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 1. 40 a. m. 19th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Washington:

I will get off from here on the 20th of this month for the Rio Grande. It was impossible for me to go at once after the receipt of Your telegram. The latest news which I have from Franco Mexico is the arrival of French and Austrian troops at Vera Cruz in considerable numbers, and the report from there that another considerable body of troops is being organized in France and Austria for Mexico. This I give as reports from parties from Vera Cruz who came to Galveston, Tex. The same parties report that the troops now debarking at Vera Cruz are to be sent to Matamoras in about two weeks.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General P. STAGG,

Julesburg:

You will immediately report for duty at these headquarters. You will order Colonel Briggs, with his regiment and the detachment of the First Michigan, to proceed without delay, by way of Latham and Cache la Poundre, to Camp Collins, Colo., and report to Colonel Potter, commanding South Sub-District of the Plains, for duty. Colonel Briggs will telegraph his arrival at Junction to Colonel Potter, at Denver, and make a forced march to his destination.,

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, July 19, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 12. 15 p. m. 21st.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

A report from the commander of Ringgold Barracks says Franco-Mexico authorities stopped the importation of merchandise in the vicinity of Camargo before the evacuation because they were not allowed to steal cotton. I have therefore gradually limited the export of grain from New Orleans to Matamoras, and as they are pretty well starved out there, according to all accounts, it will cause much embarrassment. It is possible that Mejia could be quietly carried out of Matamoras and turned over to Cortina. This would complicate affairs very much. I have sent over to make a reconnaissance.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

