
DENVER CITY, July 19, 1865.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Met dispatches for Mr. Foster at Toas. We reach Denver to-morrow morning. He is well and homeward bound. Does anything require him immediately? Kit Carson and Colonel William Bent say that if authorized they can make peace with the Indians along and below the Arkansas. Colonel Bent says he will guarantee it with his head, but upon condition that no hostile campaigns are made south of the Arkansas until they make the effort. Shall they attempt it, and will You direct the commander not to make such campaigns? Earnestly we advise it.

J. R. DOOLITTLE,

In behalf of Committee.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 124. Washington, July 20, 1865.

By direction of the President the Thirteenth and Sixteenth Army Corps are hereby discontinued as organization. The Thirteenth Army Corps will be consolidated into a division, and Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command:

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF LOUISIANA AND TEXAS, Numbers 4. New Orleans, La., July 20, 1865.

I. The Department of Louisiana and Texas is hereby subdivided into district, as follows:

1. Eastern District of Louisiana, comprising the part of the State of Louisiana east of the Mississippi River, the part included between the Mississippi and Atchafalaya Rivers, and the posts along the line from Brashear City via New Iberia to Washington; headquarters at New Orleans.

2. Western District of Louisiana, comprising the remainder of the State of Louisiana and the posts in the northeastern part of Texas held by troops from Western Louisiana; headquarters at Alexandria.

3. Eastern District of Texas, comprising that part of the State of Texas east of the Brazos and Navasota Rivers and the meridian of the town of Springfield, on the Navasota River, except the posts included in the Western District of Louisiana; headquarters at Houston.

4. Central District of Texas, comprising that part of the State of Texas between the Nueces River and the Eastern District of Texas, as above defined; headquarters for the present at Victoria.

5. Western District of Texas, comprising that part of the State of Texas between the Rio Grande and the Nueces Rivers; headquarters at Brownsville.

The cavalry under the command of Major-General Merritt will report direct to headquarters Military Division of the Gulf.

II. The following assignments to the command of districts are hereby made, viz:

1. Eastern District of Louisiana, Bvt. Major General T. W. Sherman.

