
the Indian Territory, but I have only done so from the necessity of the case, and hope that my acts may meet the approbation of the major-general commanding the department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

Treaty stipulations made and entered into this the 14th day of July, A. D. 1865, between Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews, U. S. Volunteers, on the part of the military authorities of the United States, and Winchester Colbert, Governor of the Chickasaw Nation, on part of said nation, as follows, to wit:

ARTICLE I. All acts of hostilities on the part of both armies having ceased by virtue of a convention entered into on the 26th day of May, 1865, between Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, the citizens and members of the Chickasaw Nation of Indians here represented, lately allied with the Confederate States in acts of hostilities the Government of the United States, and also the members of the Caddo, Comanche, and others bands known as the "Reserve Indians," residing in the Chickasaw Nation, do agree at once to return to their respective homes, and there remain at peace with the United States and offer no indignity whatever, or commit any acts of hostilities against the whites or Indians of the various tribes who have been friendly to or engaged in the service of the United States during the war.

ART. II. It is stipulated, by the undersigned commissioners on the part of the United States, that as long as the citizens and members of the nation and bands aforesaid observe the provisions of Article I of this agreement, they shall be protected by the authorities of the United States in their persons and property, not only from the encroachment on the part of the whites, but also from the Indians who have been in the service of the United States.

ART. III. The above article of agreement to remain in force and effect until the meeting of the grand council, to meet at Armstrong Academy, Choctaw Nation, on the 1st day of September, A. D. 1865, and until such time as the proceedings of said grand council shall be ratified by the proper authorities both of the Chickasaw Nation and the United States.

In testimony whereof the said Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews, U. S. Volunteers, commissioner on the part of the United States, and Winchester Colbert, Governor of the Chickasaw Nation, have hereunto set their hand and seal.

Done in duplicate the day and year above mentioned.

A. C. MATTHEWS, Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Vols.,

Commissioner.

WINCHESTER COLBERT,

Governor Chickasaw Nation.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CHEROKEE AND CHOCTAW AGENCY,

Near Fort Washita, June 28, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi, Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge receipt of Your communication dated 6th instant, at Shreveport, La., inclosing copy of General Orders

