
United States, and the necessary steps had been taken to do so and the council adjourned before the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews was known. Instead of going to Washington, which would be attended with great expense, these commissioners will meet commissioners on the part of the United States at Armstrong Academy on the 1st of September next. I would, in this connection, also respectfully suggest that suitable arrangements be made at the expense of the United States to subsist the large assemblage of Indians which may be anticipated at that time and place, and also that suitable presents be provided for the Indians of the plains, part to be sent on before the meeting of the council, as an inducement for them to attend.

Without these "presents " it is always extremely difficult to assemble the roving bands of the plains. It is the custom among the to receive on such occasions "presents," and without them they are not likely to take the trouble to attend a council. If my services are needed in bringing about a general pacification of the Indian nations and bands, they are at the command of the United States Government.

I am, general, respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Late Brigadier-General, Commanding Dist. of Indian Territory, and Ex Office Superintendent of Indian Affairs.

N. B. -District headquarters were removed from Doaksville in May last to Fort Washita, of which General Smith was duly notified by letter.

C.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

SHREVEPORT, LA., July 19, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding Forces Northeast Louisiana, Hdqrs. Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: The undersigned, delegates from the Cherokee Nation (as represented to You this morning), would respectfully submit the following proposition for Your consideration and action: First. Inasmuch as the arrangements made with the Confederate States Government for the feeding of indigent refugee Cherokees ceased with that Government, so that they (the said Indians) are now left a very destitute condition, depending solely upon the inadequate charity of citizens of Texas, and inasmuch as the United States Government has entered into negotiations for a cessation of hostilities with the Cherokees, pending a final treaty with them, will not United States Government feed them until such time as other arrangements may be made by final negotiations? Second. In disposing of the allied troops of the Indian Division of the late C. S. Army, will the same principle obtain in regard to them as is establish in regard to white troops in the States according to the arrangements entered into between Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, for the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Department, or will be convention or treaty made between Brigadier General Stand Watie, commanding said Indian Division, and principal chief of the Cherokee Nation, and Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews and Captain and Adjt. William H. Vance, commissioners for the United States Government, of the date of June 23, 1865, supersede the necessity of paroling the troops of the said Indian Division? Third. Under the impression that peace between the United States and Confederate States Government had been made, the troops of the Indian Division seized and appropriated to their own use the public property of the army, so that the same has been placed beyond the control of the

