
officers responsible for their conduct, they frequently usurp the power given them and turn bushwhackers, so far as to take stock and other articles for themselves. Second. There are citizens who have done all they could against our Government, and now come and ask the commander here to help them out into our lines, and when they get a scout to help them out they will press temans and frequently keep them. So you see it is a perfect swindle and all wrong. Third. A man by the name of Polick, at Chester, Ill, who is a rebel, has a livery stable at that place, and is doing a considerable business in buying horses that citizens steal and carry to him. Fourth. There is a post surgeon employed at this post who is not competent, and one at the hospital at Ironton who is a rebel, and who Captain Leeper believes furnishes arms to bushwhackers. Fifth. The soldiers are allowed to go to the Knob almost whenever they please, and all over the country, which keeps their horses run down. Sixth. And now I can say in so few words that everybody is trying to see who can get the best share of what is left. Something has to be done or this county is lost forever. The above are the reasons that I request you in the former letter to vie me a place somewhere else. I have some twenty recruits, but I cannot put much dependence in them, as five have deserted that gave me their names. I would like to have a command to scout this county. I know that I can do great service.

I remain, your most obedient servant,

W. J. MORRIS.

FORT SCOTT, April 1, 1865-12. 33 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

I have reliable information of small parties of rebels coming from below and passing through Southwest Missouri toward the Missouri River. The indications are that bushwhacking on the border by numerous small parties will soon be resumed with a great deal of activity.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., April 1, 1865- 5. 35 p. m.

Major-General BLUNT,Paola:

The Wisconsin Regiment went to Sedalia three days ago, and must be on march to you. Do all you can to catch these guerrillas. Use your cavalry freely. Colonel Potter has sent you 300 horses.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, April 1, 1865-12. 30 p. m.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Larned:

Major-General Halleck telegraphs that great care must be taken and not come in conflict with friendly Indians. Colonel Leavenworth represents the Comanches as friendly, as not having taken part in late

