
WASHINGTON, April 17, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I think now it will be well for you to send a proposition to Kirby

Smith to surrender on the terms given to General Lee. General Johnston has commenced a correspondence with Sherman on the subject, and Smith will see that with the vast armies at our control the State of Texas can and will be overrun and desolated if the war continues. On the theory that Mobile has fallen, I have ordered Canby to arrange for operations against Galveston in co-operation

with your movements, which I informed him would start about the 1st of June. Go on with your preparations without intermission whilst you are negotiating with Smith. I have directed 2,500 teams to be sent to Little Rock. Troops will also be sent in time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 17, 1865. (Received 6,15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Following dispatch just received. * Please call immediate attention of Interior Department to necessity of shipping supplies to these people. The Arkansas River is high. I have no authority to make such disposition of such heavy military supplies. Please advise me by telegraph of the result.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,April 17, 1865-2,40 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Following dispatch just received. Plan adopted is substantially what I mentioned to you. Make all your preparations accordingly, and do not delay to collect all possible information about country and its resources.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 17, 1865. (Received 1,30 p. m.)

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The news of the assassination of President Lincoln horrifies every true patriot. The troops of my command unanimously express a willingness to re-enlist for twenty years, if need be, to crush out the last vestige of treason in the country.

Very respectfully,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Reynolds to Pope, April 8, p. 53.

---------------

# See Grant to Pope, 9 p. m. April 16, p. 106.

