
commanding officers, and such of said property as has since been received, after strenuous exertions, has been ordered for the use and benefit of the indigent refugees of the respective nations composing the Indian Division. Under these circumstances will be United States Government require this property turned over according to the terms of the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Department already referred to, or will this question be settled by future negotiations? On entertaining these propositions this forenoon, You stated that You would be under the necessity of submitting them to department headquarters for final action, through special messenger. Should this become necessary we respectfully ask that Major William H. Vance be sent, as his personal knowledge of our peculiar condition no doubt will enable him to give any additional information that might be desired.

We have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servants.

W. P. ADAIR,

Late Colonel, Commanding First Indian Brigade,

District of Indian Territory, Provisional Army, C. S., Delegate.

JAMES M. BELL,

Late Colonel, Commanding First Cherokee Regiment,

District of Indian Territory, Provisional Army, C. S. Delegate.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Treaty stipulations made and entered into his 23rd day of June, A. D. 1865, near Doaksville, Choctaw Nation, between Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews and W. H. Vance, U. S. Volunteers, commissioners appointed by Major-General Herron, U. S. Army, on part of the military authorities of the United States, and Brigadier-General Stand Watie, governor and principal chief of part of the Cherokee Nation lately allied with the Confederate States in acts of hostility against the Government of the United States, as follows, to wit:

ARTICLE I. All acts of hostilities, on the part of both armies having ceased (by virtue of a convention entered into on the 26th of May, A. D. 1865, between Major General E. R. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi, and General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department), the Indians of the Cherokee Nation here represented, lately allied with the Confederate States in acts of hostilities against the Government of the United States, do agree at once to return to their respective homes, and there remain at peace with the United States, and offer no dignity whatever, or commit any acts of hostilities the whites, or Indians of the various tribes who have been friendly to or engaged in the service of the United States during the war.

ART. II. It is stipulated by the undersigned, commissioners on the part of the United States, that so long as the Indians aforesaid observe the provisions of Article I of this agreement, they shall be protected by the U. S. authorities in their person and property, not only from encroachments on the part of the whites, but also from the Indians who have been engaged in the service of the United States.

ART III. The above articles of agreement to remain and be in force and effect until the meeting of the grand council, to meet at Armstrong Academy, Choctaw Nation, on the 1st day of September, A. D. 1865, and until such time as the proceeding of said grand council shall be ratified by the proper authorities both of the Cherokee Nation and the United States.

