
In testimony whereof the said Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews and Adjt. W. H. Vance, commissioners on part of the United States, and Brigadier General Stand Watie, governor and principal chief of the Cherokee Nation, have hereunto set their hands and seals.

A. C. MATTHEWS, Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Vol.,

W. H. VANCE, Adjutant, U. S. Volunteers,

Commissioners.

STAND WATIE,

Brigadier General, Governor, and Principal Chief, Cherokee Nation.

JUNE 23, 1865.

In addition to the within obligations, it is also stipulated and agreed between the parties to the within agreement that the provisions of the within treaty extend to and be carried out by the Seminoles, Creeks, and Osages, and that all hostilities in their respective nations against the United States cease at once.

A. C. MATTHEWS, Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. Vols.,

W. H. VANCE, Adjutant, U. S. Volunteers,

Commissioners.

STAND WATIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Indian Division.

[Inclosure. Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., July 19, 1865.

W. P. ADAIR and

JAMES M. BELL,

Delegates from Cherokee Nation:

GENTLEMEN: Your note of this date making certain inquiries in relation to matters in which Your nation is concerned is received. I will answer Your question in the order in which they are submitted. First. Supplying the wants of the destitute: The Indiana Territory is beyond the limits of my command, and I am only exercising such military control over it as necessity requires until a military post shall be established in the Territory, or nearer to it than my command. I am not authorized to make expenditures of public funds for the purpose mentioned. The whole matter must be submitted to superior headquarters for instructions and orders. For this purpose I shall send a bearer of dispatches by the first boat. Second. Paroling the troops of the Cherokee Nation: I do not regard it necessary that each individual should give his separate parole. The treaty stipulations made between General Stand Watie, their principal chief, and Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, on the part of the U. S. forces, is binding on every person within the command of General Stand Watie. Until a paroling officer is sent into the Indian country nothing further will be required of them than the observance of the treaty stipulations. The whole matter will probably be disposed of by future treaties. I have already published and order, a copy of which I inclose, requiring all officers and soldiers of the late Confederate Army serving in the Indian Territory, but not citizens of any of the Indian nations, to report at certain military posts for the purpose of being paroled. Third. Public property: All officers and public agents having in their control property belonging to the so-called Confederate States or to their armies at the time of the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Department will be required to account for the same to the proper officer or agents of the United States. The manner in which the property passed out of their hands, whether by

