
their own consent or by force which they could not resist, will be questions to be settled in each particular case according to the facts.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

[Sub-inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 6. Shreveport, La., July 15, 1865.

All officer and soldiers of the late Confederate Army serving in the Indian Territory, but who were not citizens of any of any of the Indian nations, will report without delay to the paroling officer at Marshall, Tex., Fort Smith, Ark., or the nearest post of the U. S. forces.

By order of Brigadier General J. C. Veatch:

BENJ. F. MONROE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

SHREVEPORT, LA., July 20, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: We respectfully submit the following as an estimate of the number of the indigents of the different Indian nations of the confederated Indian nations, according to the best of our information: Cherokee Nation, 4,000; Choctaw Nation, 4,000; Muscogee Nation, 4,500; Seminoles, 1,100; Chickasaws, 1,200; Osages, 300; Reserve Caddos, 200; Reserve Comanches, 200; total, 15,500. There are other indigents of the prairie tribes whose number we cannot at present estimate. Their situation in regard to supplies can be fully learned, we presume, at the pending grand council on 1st of September next.

We have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

W. P. ADAIR,

Late Colonel, Commanding First Indian Brigade,

District Indian Ter., Provisional Army, C. S.,

JAS. M. BELL,

Late Colonel, Commanding 1st Cherokee Regt., Prov. Army, C. S.,

Delegates from Cherokee Nation.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

Compact made and entered into between the Confederate Indian tribes and the Prairie tribes of Indians, made at Camp Napoleon, on Washita River, May 26, 1865.

Whereas the history of the past admonished the red man that his once great and powerful race is rapidly passing away as snow beneath the summer sun, our people of the mighty nations of our forefathers many years ago having been as numerous as the leaves of the fores or the stars of the heavens; but now, by the vicissitudes of time and change and misfortune and evils of disunion, discord, and war among themselves are but a wreck of their former greatness; their vast and lovely country and beautiful hunting grounds, abounding in all the luxuries and necessities of life and happiness, given to them by the Great Spirit, having known no limits but the shores of the great waters and the horizon of the heavens, is now on account of our weakness being reduced and hemmed into a small and precarious country that we can

