
[Inclosure Numbers 8.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, CHOCTAW NATION,

June 18, A. D. 1865.

Whereas commissioners duly accredited by the U. S. military authorities were sent to the grand council of all the tribes of Indians lately convened at Armstrong Academy with authority to treat on the subject of peace between the Indian tribes and the United States Government; and

Whereas said commissioners did not arrive in our country in time to take a part with the authorities of said council, but have arrived at this place and conferred with the authorities of this nation;

and

Whereas it is the earnest desire of this people to have on honorable and lasting peace and to resume their formed friendly relations with the U. S. authorities:

Now, therefore, I. P. P. Pitchlynn, principal chief and governor of the Choctaw Nation, do make and publish this my proclamation, that by the authority in me vested and by and in accordance with and agreement entered into this day* between the said commissioners on the part of the United States and the undersigned, there will be a grand council of all the Indians of the prairies, to be convened and held on the 1st day of September, A. D. 1865, at Armstrong Academy, in the Choctaw Nation, at which time and place there will be duly authorized commissioners from the authorities of the United States to treat on the subject of a permanent and lasting peace. It is earnestly recommended and requested that all the various tribes meet at their respective place of meeting at the earliest practicable date and appoint their commissioners to attend the said grand council. It is also agreed with the commissioners aforesaid that there shall be an immediate cessation of hostilities on the part of the contending parties; that the Indians of the various tribes who have been engaged in war against the United States shall at once disband and return to their respective homes, that they may resume their usual avocations, and that they shall not be interfered with or disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as friendly relations exit. The grand council of the character of the one contemplated at this juncture of our history under the circumstances that surround us cannot be overestimated. Our late allies in war, the Confederate armies, have long since ceased to resist the national authorities; they have all either captured or surrendered to the forces of the United States. If therefore becomes us as a brave people to forget and lay aside our prejudices and prove ourselves equal to the occasion. Let reason obtain now that the sway of passion has passed and let us meet in council with a proper spirit and resume our former relations with the United States Government.

P. P. PITCHLYNN,

Principal Chief Choctaw Nation.

[Inclosure Numbers 9.]

JONES'S PLANTATION, C. N., June 23, 1865.

Honorable WINCHESTER COLBERT,

General and Principal Chief, Chickasaw Nation:

SIR: I have the honor to state to You that the war between the United States and the Confederate States is at an end; that the armies of the Confederacy have all been captured or surrendered to the U. S. authori-

---------------

* The agreement is dated June 19-see p. 1006.

---------------

70 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

