
ties, and have turned over their arms and public property to the United States Government. It was my intention to have attended and,

if possible, taken a part in the deliberations of the grand council at Armstrong Academy, but the insufficient notice we had rendered this impossible. If I could have reached there I do not hesitate to say that I would have been able to have submitted to that honorable body propositions looking to a cessation of hostilities that would have been perfectly satisfactory to the delegates of all the tribes represented. When this was found impossible, I deemed it prudent to hold a conference with such of the principal chiefs and men as my limited time and circumstances would allow. I have met governor and principal chief of the Choctaw Nation, Colonel Pitchlynn, and Brigadier General Stand Watie, of the Cherokee Nation, and with them have agreed upon a cessation of hostilities, and also for a meeting of the grand council at Armstrong Academy on the 1st day of September, 1865; and further, that they will use their influence with the tribes of plains to cultivate friendly feelings with the Government of the United States and their people, and that we will protect the Indians of all the tribes against domestic insurrection and foreign invasion, as stipulated in former treaties. I have the honor also to state and respectfully request that You will represent to Your people that the Government of the United States wish to cultivate friendly relation toward the Indians of all the tribes, and have no desire to oppress or humiliate in any way any of their people but to make at the earliest possible date an honorable and lasting treaty of peace with all of them. We desire to meet all of them at the grand council on the 1st day of September, where we can have a full and cordial interchange of opnion, and when all questions can be fully discussed and disposed of. In the meantime we want peace, with all its blessings, to be and remain throughout the length and beautiful territory. Through You I wish to convey to Your people the assurance of the night regard entertained by our Government for them and their prosperity and happiness.

Hoping that peace may soon be the blessing of all, and that our difficulties may soon be amicably settled, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. C. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers, Commissioner.

[Inclosure Numbers 10.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., July 16, 1865.

WINCHESTER COLBERT,

Governor of Chickasaw Nation:

Your letter inclosing treaty stipulations for the cessation of hostilities against the United States by the Chickasaw Nation, and the members of the Caddo, Comanche, and the bands known as Reserve Indians, residing in the Chickasaw Nation, lately allied with the Confederate States, has been received. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews, commissioner on the part of the military authorities of the United States, to sign these treaty stipulations and return a duplicate to You by Lieutenant Turner, late of General Cooper's staff. I have forwarded to department headquarters a strong recommendation of Your suggestions in relation to the council to be held in September. The question of presents for the will bands and the expenses of the council will probably have to be sent to the proper department at Washington. As

