
soon as an answer is received I will send You a dispatch. I trust that the most friendly relations will be speedily established between the Government of the United States and all the Indian nations.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 11.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., July 15, 1865.

D. H. COOPER,

Late Brigadier General, Commanding Dist. of Indian Territory, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your letter, with inclosures, address to Lieutenant General Buckner, late of the Confederate Army, was brought to me by Lieutenant Turner, Your bearer of dispatches. General Buckner left here some weeks since, and is in New Orleans. I have forwarded the papers to him through the headquarters Department of the Gulf. It may be some weeks before You can receive an answer from him, as no mail routes have yet been established. I send You, inclosed, and order in relation to the meant of Your late command, who were sovereign in the Indian Territory, but were not citizen of any of the Indian nations. * I have sent, in my official report to the Department of the Gulf, and earnest recommendation of Your suggestion in relation to the council of the nations to be held on the 1st day of September, and that the Government defray the expense, and furnish presents to the Indians of the plains. The kind offer of Your services to the Government, in restoring order among the Indians, is cheerfully accepted, and I shall feel greatly obliged if You will send me information of all matters of importance. I desire to convey to them, through You, the sincere desire of the Government to live on terms of perfect friendship and peace with each and all of them.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES C. Veatch,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ORDNANCE, DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Galveston, July 20, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the past ten days no information has been received from any point with regard to the condition of the ordnance department or progress made in collecting stores. Full instructions, both by letter and circular, to ordnance officers have been prepared, and will be forwarded to all points occupied by our troops by first opportunity. The depot ordnance officer reports that he is prepared to dismantle such forts and batteries in defence of Galveston as may be designated, and supply, as far as present means will admit, those that are to remain. I respectfully call Your attention to the necessity of having the forts and permanent batteries on the coast that are to be retained and equipped specified as soon as possible, in order to insure their early equipment and prevent further damage to the heavy ordnance and supplies from neglect. Until this is done and

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 6, p. 1102.

---------------

