
garrisons established little can be accomplished, except to accumulate stores at given points (general wrong ones), without having experienced troops to give them the care so essential to their serviceable condition. The services of a regiment of heavy artillery would save much unnecessary labor and expense in moving heavy ordnance, equipping forts, and caring for their armament. An expedition, consisting of one officer, one acting ordnance sergeant, and fifty men, has been sent up the Texas Central Railroad for the purpose of collecting all ordnance stores on that road or in its vicinity. I have ordered all such stores to be shipped to the depot at this place as soon as the condition of the road will permit.

I am, major, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

SEYMOUR HOWELL,

Captain and Chief of Ordnance.

HOUSTON, July 20, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Galveston:

The bridge over White Oak Bayon has just been commenced. It was delayed on account of the necessity of rebuilding one near Hempstead.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 20, 1865-12 m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Direct the discharge of all troops that can possibly be dispensed with in Your military division, and especially reduce the cavalry force as much as possible. Now that we have so many officers of known merit, I think it will be well to designate one to relieve General Sully in the Northwest.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Dispatch of 12 m. received. Will instruct Ord and Reynolds and will see General Pope regarding Sully to-day. Please asking to me such of the general officers of Logan's army as You think will be retained, giving me the names by telegraph. Dodge will go to Leavenworth to command operations on the plains.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

DENVER, July 20, 1865.

(Received 5 p. m. 21st.)

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding:

The committee arrived this morning; all well.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

