
He has lately visited the Indian nations and can give You much valuable information in relation to the condition of that Territory. Colonel James M. Bell, a citizen of the Cherokee Nation and a commissioner appointed by General Stand Watie, principal chief of the Cherokees, accompanies Adjutant Vance to lay before the major-general commanding the department the wants of the Indians. I respectfully commend these gentlemen to Your kindness and consideration.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, July 21, 1865-1,10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Saint Louis:

The following assignments are intended. The order has not yet been promulgated, and changes may be made: Generals Logan, Cox, Leggett, McIntosh, Pitcher, and Wilcox to General Ord; Generals Dodge, Blair, Chapman, Wheaton, Upton, T. C. H. Smith, P. E. Connor, Sully, Walcutt, and Elliott to General Pope; Generals T. J. Wood, H. J. Hunt, E. A. Carr, C. H. Morgan, and A. S. Williams to General Reynolds. By General, Numbers 123, Adjutant-General's Office, of date July 20, 1865, commanders of military division are authorized to assign general and staff officers within their commands in such way as their services may be most required.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 21, 1865.

(Received 12,40 p. m.)

General GRANT:

In Your dispatch to General Sherman of to-day [yesterday], do You mean General Sibley or General Sully to be relieved in the Northwest?

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, July 21, 1865-4 p. m.

(Sent 11,10 a. m. 22nd.)

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I meant Sully in my dispatch to Sherman. The order for a charge is not imperative, but the complains against Sully and the management of the quartermaster's department in the Northwest are such that whilst we have so many generals of known ability, I think a charge can do no harm and may do great good. No officer has a patent right to command until he is proven incompetent.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo., July 21, 1865.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 118, current series, War Department, the undersigned assumes command of the Department of the Missouri, which is made to include the following States and Terri-

