
tories: The States of Missouri, Kansas, Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, and the Territories of Dakota, Montana, and Nebraska. The headquarters of the department are established at Saint Louis, Mo.

JOHN POPE.

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 2. Saint Louis, Mo., July 21, 1865.

I. Major General G. M. Dodge, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the general command of all the U. S. forces serving in Kansas, Colorado, Nebraska, Montana, and that portion of Dakota lying west and south of the Missouri River; headquarters in the field.

II. Brigadier General J. A. Williamson, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from the command of the District of Missouri and will report in person to Major General G. M. Dodge, U. S. Volunteers, for duty on the plains.

III. Brigadier General T. C. H. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Missouri; headquarters at Saint Louis, Mo.

IV. Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Wisconsin; headquarters at Milwaukee, Wis.

V. All officers relieved or assigned under this order will repair without delay to their respective posts.

By command of Major-General Pope

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 21, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Part of the First Nebraska Cavalry stationed at Kearny claim, as the war is over, that they are entitled to discharge, and have mutinied. I have ordered Colonel Heath to suppress it with grape and canister, and bring the leaders to trial. I will have subsistence sufficient from Kearny and Cottonwood in four days to move the column. There is only one contractor's train this side of Julesburg; it is loaded with bacon only, and was diverted from Denver. The Indians are still very troublesome, and are scattered in small bands along the mail and telegraph line; their families are North. I hear of a large body of Indians on Heart River. I shall make may arrangements to continue the campaign during the winter, if necessary. I can hear nothing of the mowing machines ordered for Powder River. I hope the troops from Leavenworth will move as rapidly as possible. I have not troops enough, and should have some more whose time does not expire this fall. I have great confidence in being able to close this was before midwinter.

I am losing much precious time now; cause, contractors.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,July 21, 1865-5,40 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, Fort Laramie:

Get Your columns off as soon as possible. We have got these Indian matters now in our hands, and we must settle them. I will

