
come to Laramie during August or September, and I hope You will catch them before that. All the troops are giving me great trouble. Infantry at Fort Leavenworth motioned; cavalry (some of it) the same; but are now on march under new reorganization of commands. All Territories west of Missouri River and east of Rocky Mountains are in my command. Utah goes to Department of Pacific, so that Dakota and Montana are added to us. Would not send any troops to Utah only those necessary to protect overland route. If they will not take stores to Powder River You will have to force them to do it. There are plenty of stores on road, but when they will arrive it is impossible for me to even predict. I have done all in my power to forward them. They started in time to reach their destination long ago. Mowing machines are en route. All troops going to plains have one and two years yet to serve. Seventh Kansas Cavalry are en route by boat to Omaha. Tibbit's brigade of cavalry between Fort Leavenworth and Kearny. Stagg's must be on the ground before this.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 21, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Fort Leavenworth:

I regret that Utah is taken out of my command. I pity those poor fellows who, relying upon my promise of protection, have declared their independence of Brigham. I am glad You are coming here. I have some troops in this district that are not worth their salt. The Eleventh Kansas is still mutinous, but I cannot punish them because they are scattered and I cannot dispense with their services at present. There are two companies of Eleventh Kansas who have two years to serve. Shall I send them down with regiment? I will leave nothing undone to expedite movement of columns.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 171. Little Rock, Ark., July 21, 1865.

* * * * * * *

4. The Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, Bvt. Brigadier General Wells S. Jones commanding, will proceed to Fort Smith, Ark., and will be reported to Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey for duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

GUSTAV WAGENFUEHR,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 11. Galveston, Tex., July 22, 1865.

All persons within this command having in their possession or under their control books, papers, or records, property of the State of Texas, or part of the archives of the State and county courts or public offices,

