
will report the same in writing to the Honorable A. J. Hamilton, Provisional Governor of the State, and deliver such books, papers, and records to the officers or persons he may designate.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 22, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army United States, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I had the honor last night to receive Your dispatch of 12th [21st] instant giving a list of the generals attached to the departments comprising this division. I notice only the omission of one who would do admirable service, viz, J. M. Corse, and renew the expression of my wish that he be retained as long as possible, even permanently, in the military service. The process of discharging the army is progressing as fast as possible, and under the direction of department commanders will go on to the end. All things seem to be moving harmoniously and well. General Dodge will go on Monday to Leaven worth to superintend the only military movements now in progress within the limits of mi command, and as they are in progress on officer could be letter qualified than he to watch them to their conclusion. I propose to attend, on the invitation of Governor Morton, some celebrations at Indianapolis next Tuesday in honor of the volunteers of that State who returned and assumed so quietly and well their civil duties. Then I propose to return home to Lancaster, where, unless necessity calls me away, I hope to spend the month of August, but I will leave here in Saint Louis my adjutant, quartermaster, and other officers to attend to all business. All the records are now here, and it will take Colonel Sawyer a full month to transfer to the books of the division the matters contained in the blotters that I carried with me to the field. I beg You will continue to address me here as though present and send all orders, as he will properly dispose of them; but anything needing speedy action or calling for my personal action can be addressed to me at Lancaster, Ohio. I will be careful to keep You at all times advised of my whereabouts.

I am, with great respect, Your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

M-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 22, 1865-7,30 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Captain Potter telegraphs from Fort Leavenworth for authority to purchase horses for cavalry purposes. Authority cannot be given, but horses can be sent from Louisville and elsewhere where Government has large surplus. I wish You would look into this matter and see if the supply cannot be kept equal to the requirements of the service by mustering out troops and retaining their animals. There has been several thousand horses sent to Missouri since the surrender of the rebel armies already.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

