
Indians in and on the borders of this district, but have referred the matter to the department commander. It is, however, my desire to have the interview terminate at once, unless there is a moral certainty that it will result in a peace with these tribes honorable to the Government and advantageous to the tribes themselves. I therefore desire that You will communicate to me all evidence that You now have, or may hereafter obtain, going to show that your conference will result in an amicable adjustment of the present difficulties between the Government and these tribes. Also inform me if I can see the chiefs of these tribes; and if so, when and where. I will then endeavor to meet them in person and satisfy myself what the result of a confederate will be. I should like Your views as to the probable effect of marching troops through the country occupied by these hostile tribes during the present season. I have directed Colonel Sharra, commanding Second Sub-District, to send two squadrons to act under Your directions generally.

Cannot send any Colorado cavalry.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN. B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, July 22, 1865-3,42 p. m.

Major General JOHN F POPE:

General Sully reports at Fort Rice, 14th instant, large bodies of Sioux Indians are coming in to surrender. Cheyennes hostile; Sioux in large numbers are reported on Knife River, two days' march south of Berthold. The general considers his force small to successfully attack them, but thinks many of them will come in to surrender. The Third Illinois Cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, moved northwest from Fort Ridgely about the 10th and must now be near Wadsworth. They are to support General Sully in his advance toward Devil's Lake.

All quiet in the frontier settlements.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 23, 1865.

(Received 9,40 a. m. 24th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I will instruct General Easton, my chief quartermaster, to look into the matter of horses for the cavalry. If any are needed, it is for the expedition for the plains.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Numbers 23, Long Lake, July 23, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST:

SIR: I have just received the order to muster out the First and Fourth U. S. Volunteers. If troops are not sent me to replace the garrisons at Union, Berthold, and Rice I will be obliged to abandon these posts. I have a small body of cavalry that remain in service after my troops, whose term of service expires on muster out, not enough to gar-

