
grand council, and that it shall be held not at Armstrong Academy but at Fort Gibson. These recommendation are approved by this Department. It would seem, therefore, that these arrangements not only contemplate the same purpose indicated by our telegram, as proposed by Colonel Bent and Kit Carson, but look to a more permanent and extensive adjustment of all question with the Indians. It would no doubt be gratifying to the President if Your commission could find it convenient to attend and act with the council. Colonel Bent and Carson might also be, along with Colonel Parker, a part of the commissioners. I will confer with the Secretary of Interior upon the subject, and advise You further to-day or to-morrow. Please acknowledge this telegram, with Your views upon the subject. I will also transmit to You by telegraph the substance of the temporary arrangement entered into by General Herron.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DENVER, July 24, 1865.

(Received 1,10 p. m. 25th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Your telegram was very welcome. We wait Grant's reply till Wednesday. See Harney's report of negotiations with Sioux in 1855. They may be suggestive.

J. R. DOOLITTLE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 8. Vicksburg, Miss., July 25, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. The Second Louisiana Infantry will be immediately relieved at Brookhaven and elsewhere by other troops and be sent to New Orleans, La., there to report to Major-General Canby, commanding Department of the Gulf.

By order of Major-General Slocum:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY, DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Galveston, July 25, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Texas, Galveston, Tex.:

MAJOR: In compliance with the order of the major-general commanding, dated 23rd instant, I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement in tabular form of all property which has been received by me from the rebel Government, directly or indirectly, under General Orders, Numbers 4, headquarters District of Texas, Galveston, Tex., June 19, 1865. I also inclose herewith a copy of list of commissary property in possession of and reported to me on the 21st instant by R. W. Keyworth, late major and commissary of subsistence in the rebel service at San Antonio, Tex. The property named in this list I have directed the post commissary of subsistence at San Antonio to receive from Mr. Keyworth, and take the same up on his return of commissary property. I also inclose herewith an extract from a report of subsistence stores on hand in charge of officers of the rebel army in the Trans-Mississippi Department, made

