
arms here for them. The First and Seventh have gone on mail line west of Collins. Much dissatisfaction exist in Sixth Michigan and Sixteenth Kansas. They demand their discharge. I will manage them. The mutiny in the First Nebraska has subsided. Colonel Heath says Colonel Livingston was the cause of it. The latter is mustered out. I hope to get off the latter part of this week. Is the Seventh Kansas ordered to report to me?

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 31. Galveston, Tex., July 26, 1865.

* * * * * * *

2. Colonel Loren Kent, Twenty-ninth Illinois Veteran Infantry, brevet brigadier-general of volunteers, in addition to his duties as commander of the post of Galveston, will serve as provost-marshal-general of the district. He will relieve Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers. As soon as relieved Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers, will proceed to Springfield, Ill., and report to the chief mustering officer of the State for final discharge from service with his regiment.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., July 26, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The Territory of Utah having been taken from this department and attached to that of California, it is proper that I should suggest to You that the condition of affairs in that Territory needs immediate attention. The relation between the Mormons and other citizens of United States not belonging to the Mormon Church are critical, and unless attended to at once are likely to break out in very serious disturbance, which will be difficult to subdue. The Mormons in all difficulties with other citizens of the United States at once resort to the Indians, and stir up hostilities to break up mail routes and obstruct or put an end to emigration. There is little doubt that they are now engaged in this manner, and it will be wise to invite the immediate attention of the proper department commander to the subject. The fact is, that for a time some military officer with troops at his command should be governor of Utah.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 26, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

The escort accompanying wagon-road party up Niobarra River has sent an officer to Fort Laramie, who reports its arrival 100 miles north

