
give them to understand that they must cheerfully obey the orders, and when these troubles are over their case will be considered. They certainly would get out if they mutiny of show any disposition toward it.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 30. Milwaukee, Wis., July 26, 1865.

General Orders, Numbers 118, War Department, and Special Orders, Numbers 1, Department of the Missouri, which are just received at these headquarters, show that this department is merged into the Department of the Missouri. All further official business is therefore suspended. Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Charlot, assistant adjutant-general, will take charge of all official books and papers and will turn them over to Major-General Pleasonton, commanding District of Wisconsin, Department of the Missouri. Captain Mason, assistant quartermaster, will remain as quartermaster of the post and take charge of all public property. In relinquishing this command the general takes occasion to express his thanks to the officers and soldiers who have served under him for their cordial and faithful execution of his orders and for the general zeal and energy displayed by the in the performance of all their duties. His staff officers especially deserve his commendation.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., July 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your telegram of the 21st instant in relation to General Sully. When the dispatch to General Sherman was received he showed it to me and asked what it meat. I replied (remembering the conversation I had with You concerning Sibley) that I presumed Sibley and not Sully was intended, as this confusion, of names had frequently occurred in telegraphic dispatches concerning these officers. At General Sherman's request I telegraphed You on the subject. Whilst, as You say "no officer has a patent right to a command until he is proved incompetent," yet Sully's case is peculiar, and I think should be dealt with, no so much with reference to his special qualifications for his command as to the fact that he is complained of by persons whose personal views and objects he will not promote at the expense of the public interests. These person have openly proclaimed that they will bring about his removal at any cost and in any manner. They are persons holding official positions in the Indian Department, and traders and contractors connected with them. I have heard of no others who object to General Sully, though it is possible that other persons operated upon by these officials may have done so without themselves possessing any personal knowledge of the charges or complaints against him. His removal from his command would simply be a triumph of these people and a reproach upon General Sully's military and personal character, and would give little encouragement to any officer who should succeed him to resist the like combinations of interested parties. I believe that General Sully

