
has performed his duty with ability, fidelity, and honesty, and I am therefore disposed to sustain him, though, of course, if You desire his removal I shall at once comply with Your wishes. The same complaints against him which were laid before You were made to me. I ordered the inspector-general of the department to proceed to Sully's military district and make a careful inspection of it, and an examination of the charges against him. I directed him to call on the parties making the complaints for their statements and for the names of witnesses to substantiate them, directing him to examine the witnesses and make full report to me. He reports that the principal complainant, Mr. Burleigh, late Indian agent at Yankton, Dak. Ter., and now Delegate in Congress from that Territory, although notified that he was there to take testimony and requested to give it, carefully avoided him, and even left his home to avoid and interview. The report in question I have the honor to transmit inclosed,* and in justice to General Sully and to the military generally, who have always been the subject of such attacks on the frontier, I request that this report be carefully examined. Whilst under ordinary circumstances no officer has the right to any command, or any reason to complain if he is relieved from any duty to which he may have been assigned, yet when that removal is made upon charges which he has never seen and has had no opportunity to reply to, but which seriously affect his official and personal character, the case becomes peculiar, and the act of removal is properly interpreted to be the officer's condemnation by his Government on the charges against him. This is precisely General Sully's case, and I therefore, as his immediate military superior, consider it my duty to present the matter fully tp the proper authorities, in order that no injustice may be done to a faithful and meritorious officer. I have directed the chief quartermaster of this department to examine into and report upon the condition and management of his department in General Sully's military district. His report is inclosed. * General Sully being now far out on the plains, beyond communication, leading an expedition against the hostile Sioux near Devil's Lake, cannot be relieved until his return. I will then rme other officer according to Your wishes, unless meantime I receive other instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 4. Saint Louis, Mo., July 27, 1865.

In compliance with orders from Washington, the Department of the Missouri is extended to embrace the Territories of Utah and Colorado.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 27, 1865. -For Dodge to Sanborn, relative to Indian operations, see Part I, p. 360.]

[JULY 27, 1865. -For Connor to Barnes, relative to Indian operations on the plains, see Part I, p. 357.]

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

