
right, and left flanks. The country on Your right and left flanks should be well scouted for a distance of twenty miles. You will not receive overtures of peace or submission from Indians, but will attack and kill every male Indian over twelve years of age. When You emerge from the Back Hills You make fire signal only in case You require assistance, or in answer to signals made by left column, which I will accompany in person, or when a signal is made by the right column for assistance, which You will answer and obey. I would enjoin upon You to use all expedition possible consistent with the welfare of Your horses, which You will endeavor to keep in as good condition as possible.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD,

Fort Ellsworth, [July 28, 1865] - 3,30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Forth Leavenworth, Kans.:

Your dispatches of the 21st and 24th instant have just been received. I arrived here this evening and expect to reach Fort Zarah to-morrow night. The troops that are to go into the field should be at Zarah and Larned by that time, and I shall cross the Arkansas as soon as possible. The river are all very high, and the Arkansas is reported out of its banks to-day; but it will fall soon, probably. Quartermaster's, subsistence, and ordnance supplies are still short, but rapidly getting more abundant. My horses are not should in many instances, and the shoeing facilities of the district are not equal to the wants of more than 1,500 animals; but I shall not wait to get ready. As soon as the ordnance and subsistence supplies are sufficient for a forty day's campaign, which I think will be in a day or two, I shall cross the Arkansas if possible. I have sent forward two flat-boats; that may aid me some. Leavenworth is reported unofficially to be in council with twelve chiefs on Crooked Creek. I shall learn as to the truth of this when I reach Zarah. I have ordered the arrest of the provost-marshal at Council Grove as directed. While engaged in this campaign I can not look so closely after that cattle stealing as I should like. It is a general and very corrupt matter. My district provost-marshal, Captain Seymour, says he is satisfied that the Indian agent and the troops sent down by General Mitchell are guilty of great speculation and fraud. I will investigate the matter as soon as I can be in that portion of the district a few days more. No hostilities on the part of the Indians since my last report. Colonel Leavenworth in his last dispatch says that they are all in the Wichita Mountains, some 300 miles from him.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 29, 1865-11,30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Saratoga, N. Y.:

General Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, recommends the muster out of the division of the Fifteenth Corps sent him by General Logan. It numbers about 6,000. He has no use for it.

Will have 13,000 without it.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

