
BOSTON, MASS., July 29, 1865.

(Received 11 a. m. 30th.)

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Give General Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, orders to muster out the division he recommends.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant General.

JULY 29, 1865. -For Grant to Pope, relative to reduction of supplies and troops, see Part I, p. 364.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 29, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

I shall leave here next week, but it is useless for me to start until I get our stores en route and some of them begin to reach their destination. General Connor is laboring under great difficulty. His troops are mutinous-demand their discharge. Stores that should have been at Laramie six weeks ago are stuck in the mud, and the columns here started out half shod and half rationed. There is not one foot of the road but what we have a guard near our trains, and it uses up troops beyond all conception. Every regiment that has come here so far has been dismounted or horses unserviceable. There is one regiment here now that has staid here six weeks for horses, and the prospect of getting them is about as good here as it was there. I have not horses enough to mount even and escort, but we will overcome it all if it will only stop raining and let us have a few weeks solid road.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[JULY 29, 1865. -For Dodge to Pope and Pope to Dodge, relative to Sanborn's expedition, see Part I, pp. 360, 361.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 29, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

Following dispatch received from General Connor:

FORT LARAMIE, July 27, 1865.

One thousand Indians attacked Platte Station on Tuesday; been fighting two days. Lieutenant Collins, Eleventh Ohio, and 25 men Eleventh Kansas killed, 3 wounded; bodies scalped and horribly mutilated. Note picked up on field to-day, peace and expect an increase of 1,000 men to their force. They are now three miles west of Platte River, destroying telegraph line. The left column has been turned and is en route there.

P. EDW. CONNOR.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[JULY 29, 1865. - For Dodge to Connor, relating to estimates for subsistence stores in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 365.]

