
FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 29, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Fort Leavenworth:

I will not require the stores estimated fro by Major Mackey. The stores mentioned in Your letter of June 13, and those subsequently sent to Utah, will be ample. I leave to-morrow. Will be on telegraph line for few days.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

BOSTON, MASS., July 30, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

In view of the cavalry force now in Texas being beyond the wants of the service, I would respectfully recommend that authority be sent to General Sheridan to muster out of service all he thinks can be dispensed with. I would also extend the authority to the other arms of the service as well as cavalry. As many troops may wish to remain in the South, I would respectfully suggest that present orders for muster out the changed so as to authorize all who wish to do so to receive their discharges where they are.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ORDNANCE, DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Galveston, July 30, 1865.

Major F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In compliance with Your letter of instructions dated July 23 I have the honor to submit the inclosed reports. Owing to difficulty of communication no reports have as yet been received from the following posts or their adjacent outposts, to all of which orders were sent immediately on the receipt of Your letter, viz: Houston, Columbus, Sabine Pass, Velasco, and Indianola. As soon as these reports are received a complete statement of the whole will be made and forwarded.

I am, major, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

SEYMOUR HOWELL,

Captain, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, and Chief of Ordnance.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Report of ordnance and ordnance stores, late property of Confederate States of America, which have been reported to the ordnance department, but not yet taken possession of.

Location of	 Musket	 Sabers	 Rifled	 Boxes	 Grain	 Barrels

stores. 	 s,,	 musket	 artill	 sacks,	 .

 unserv	 unserv	 ammuni	 ery	 small.

 iceabl	 iceabl	 tion,	 ammuni

 e. 	 e. 	 rounds	 tion,

 	 	 . 	 unserv

 	 	 	 iceabl

 	 	 	 e.

Moscow, Polk	 12	 2	 10,000	 . . . 	 . . . 	 . . .

County, Tex.

.

Livingston,	 . . . 	 . . . 	 . . . 	 3	 42	 1

Polk County,

Tex. .

Total. . 	 12	 2	 10,000	 3	 42	 1

I certify on honor that the foregoing is a correct report of all ordnance and ordnance stores recently belonging to the rebel Government

