
ber, and consist of white, pin, and black oak, ash, red elm, sugar maple, poplar, and box elder. Some of it is about three feet in diameter. South of Chantee Hill and to the southeast of it are also several bodies of valuable timber. Some of it, however, has suffered from the prairie fires. The soil is a first-rate quality, like the soil of the best prairies in Iowa and Minnesota, with the same vegetation, except the buffalo grass, which is here largely represented. Near the lake are fine meadows, which will yield abundance of hay of the best quality. The country is rolling prairie. Toward the southeastern shore of the lake it becomes more broken and hilly, intercepted with bodies of timber. I found on the west side of Chantee Hill, at the foot of it, two very fine springs containing very good water, with no indications of salt or alkali, and there is no doubt that there are several more springs of the same quality in the surrounding neighborhood.

West of Chantee Hill about two miles and a half is a lake marked on the sketch with "a" containing sweet water, a little impregnated with decayed vegetable matters, but no indication of salt or alkali; sandy bottom and low banks. Here is the place which I would recommend for the building of a post, because here is good water in a lake and springs near, heavy and sufficient timber, and fine meadows. About six miles west of this lake is another small lake marked "b" on the sketch, which also contains good water. Timber and meadows are near. This place would also be suitable for a post. The other place has, however, an account of its springs and better water in the lake, the decided advantage. There are besides several other small lakes; some of them have sweet, some salt water. None west of the lake marked "b" have any timber. The main body of timber is on the southeastern shore of the lake, and seems to extend in small bodies far into the interior of the country in an easterly direction. From Camp 29 I also proceeded northwest; found the water in the late and outlet about the same everywhere; very little timber on the shore; several days extending to some distance into the mainland in about longitude 990 15' and latitude 480 15'. There appears to be an outlet of the lake running for several miles north 10 degrees west, and no doubt connecin of lakes which form the sources of the Pembina River. Although no perceptible current in this outlet, which is about 100 feet wide, the appearance of the country warrants the belief that at least at high water Devil's Lake feeds the Pembina River and has one outlet. This is confirmed by half-breeds. The country near the western shore is flat; the soil almost as good as on the southeastern shores, but no meadows of any size. North of this outlet the shore of the lake turns and runs in an easterly direction as laid down by Mr. Nicollet.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

H. VON MINDEN,

Major and Acting Topographical Engineer.

