HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 17, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully request that the Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers be ordered to report to me for duty in this district. The term of service of the sixth and Eight Missouri State Militia has or is about expiring, and that of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Cavalry Volunteers, the only remaining regiments or troops in the U. S. service in my district, expires on July 1. It would be a great advantage to have some portion of the troops that re to succeed them on duty here before all the old troops go out service, and I am in very great need of better educated and more efficient officers. Those officers of the Fourteenth that are now on duty here, and who have been recommended, are intelligent and efficient, and if allowed to remain will be a great aid in maintaining good order throughout this section. The full number of troops now here are necessary to perform the duty and protect the interests of the district. If the enemy do not move north a larger number may not be needed.

Hoping that the condition may be such as to enable you to grant the request herein made, I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, Fort Larned, April 17, 1865.

[Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

LIEUTENANT: If you have not issued the general order in relation to escorting rains in connection with General Carleton, who escorts from Santa Fe to Fort Larned, I will give you some instruction as to what I want. A company will leave Fort Larned for Council Grove on the 1st and 15th of each month. Arrangement's will also be made to start a company from Council Grove on same days, going west to Fort Larned, there connecting with escorts to New Mexico. Trains will not be allowed to leave on intermediate days. You can, however, instruct Sergeant Tibbits that, as there is no danger for some distance west of Council Grove, that he can allow trains to move out in the country in order to better graze their cattle and mules.

Yours, as ever,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHELSEA, KANS., April 17, 1865-10 a. m.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report my arrival at Chelsea for the purpose of ascertaining news about the Indian affairs, &amp;c. At present there is but little excitement among the people. I have seen some very good citizen that are farmers, and live on walnut Creek, Whitewater, &c. Their general opinion is that about May of June the rebel Indians will come here. Most of these people are good Union men; wish to remain at their homes and work their farms, but if they cannot get any protection from the Government it would be unsafe for

