
The Second and Third Brigades arrived off Brazos between the 12th and 15th days of June. On June 13, having procured from Major-General Steele's quartermaster at Brazos two lighters-fishing smacks-the Third Brigade was ordered to Corpus Christi. Owing to want of proper lighters and the rough sea on the bar the Second Brigade was not all ashore at Brazos until the 21st of June. On the 22nd of June the vessels carrying the Third Brigade again arrived off the bar at Brazos Santiago, the commanding officer having received orders from corps headquarters not to hand at Corpus Christi, but to disembark his command at the first mentioned place. It was all ashore on the morning of the 24th of June. I may here remark that when the Third Brigade arrived off Corpus Christi the sea was so rough that the troops could not be landed, and the vessels short of coal and water, the commanding officer ordered it to Galveston for a supply. Of the movements and wanderings of the First Brigade after it left Mobile Bay I know nothing, except what is contained it the accompanying papers from Colonel Shaw, the brigade commander, marked A, B, and c, respectively. The following is a list of the vessels which carried this division from Virginia to Texas: Victor, Hermann Livingstone, Willmington, Thomas A. Scott, Matagorda, William Kennedy, Daniel Webster, Trade Wind, Nightingale, Rebecca Clyde, Cassandra, Prometheus, United States, Illinois, Montauk, Warrior, Thetis, Rebecca Barton. The Thetis, Warrior, and Rebecca Barton were loaded with horses and mules-public and private-wagons, &amp;c., and the two last-named vessels not being loaded and ready when I left City Point did not accompany me. While at Hampton Roads I telegraphed the major-general commanding the corps that the Rebecca Barton and Warrior would not be ready in time to accompany me, and he directed me to sail without them, leaving them sailing orders. I did not see them until some time after my arrival at Brazos. The Warrior lost a number of horses by disease and suffocation, too many having been put on board of her-by the officers of the quartermaster's having charge of the matter at City Point-according to the report of the officer in charge, which I have already had the honor of forwarding to You. The reports of the commanders of the Second and Third Brigades are inclosed, marked D and E. I hope this report may prove satisfactory, but I fear not. It is, however, the best I can furnish from the data on hand, and I do not like to delay it any longer-to wait for the report of the First Brigade-lest by doing so I might interfere with the arrangements or plans of the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure A. *]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 25TH ARMY CORPS,Steamer United States, New Orleans, La., June 20, 1865.

Major PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that with my command on the steamers United States, Victor, Rebecca Clyde, and Matadora I left Mobile Bay on Friday, June 9, for Indianola, Tex., in obedience to orders from division headquarters. I arrived there with the steamers United States and Victor June 12, and on the 13th the steamers D.

---------------

* Inclosure B and C not found.

---------------

