
Webster and R. Clyde arrived, and on the 15th the steamer Matagorda, the last named being a light-draft steamer for lighting the troops over the bar. On my arrival I found a high sea breaking across the bar, which sea constantly increased during my stay, rendering it impossible, in the opinion of the commanders of the several vessels, for a boat to cross the bar. On the 18th, finding my coal and water coming short, and no prospect of better weather, I gave orders for the fleet to return to Fort Jackson, disembark the troops, clean the vessels, and coal and water. I arrived with the steamers United States and Victor last night, and proceeded to this city in the steamship United States for the purpose of procuring medical supplies and provisions for the vessel. I left orders for the steamers Westber, Clyde, and Matagorda to coal at Southwest Pass and reload their troops. I have the honor to request that the Victor may be ordered to this city to make necessary repairs on her boilers, and that I may be furnished with a pilot for Indianola bar.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES SHAW, JR.,

Colonel Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure D.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 25TH ARMY CORPS,Edinburg, Tex., July 29, 1865.

Captain R. C. SHANNON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report for the time which I was in command of this brigade while on the expedition from City Point, Va., to Brazos Santiago, Tex. Leaving Camp Lincoln, Va., on the morning of the 26th of May, the brigade embarked at City Point, Va., on the steamers assigned to it during the day, and at once proceeded to Hampton Roads, where it arrived the next morning.

On the 29th of May three if the five vessels on which the brigade was embarked put to sea, the others following the next day, the commander of each vessel having orders to proceed to Mobile Bay, and there disembark his men, clean his vessel, and obtain a fresh supply of coal and water, if possible, then re-embark his men, and await further orders. The whole brigade arrived safely at the appointed rendezvous between the 6th and 8th of June, without accident or particular incident. Being unable to obtain a fresh supply of water the men were not re-embarked until the vessels were ready to proceed on the voyage. Brevet Brigadier-General Doubleday arrived here on the 8th of June, and at once resumed command of the brigade.

I am, very respectfully, sir, Your obedient servant,

LLEWELLYN F. HASKELL,

Colonel 41st U. S. Colored Troops, Bvt. Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding

[Inclosure E.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 25TH ARMY CORPS,Roma, Text., July 27, 1865.

Captain R. C. SAHNNON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions contained in communications from headquarters Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, dated July 26, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following report for my brigade of the expedition from City Point, Va., to Brazons San-

