
keep Your troops there as long as You may desire. I have an impression that some of the Indians are trying to get south after the late attack. Did they go north, or work down toward the South Platte? I shall leave here for the plains next week.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[JULY 31, 1865. -For Connor to Dodge, relative to operations in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 352.]

JULY 31, 1865. -For Dodge to Connor, relative to estimates for supplies in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 366.]

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., July 31, 1865.

Brigadier General P. P. CONNOR,

Horse Shoe:

Portion of Sixteenth Kansas mutinied last night, but weakened on the turn. Colonel Walker sent for assistance. Gave it to him, with two howitzers, double shotted, and orders to do his talking with mutineers with grape and canister. They weakened, however, before troops left the garrison, enough men of Sixteenth standing by Colonel Walker to maintain discipline. Have seven of the ringleaders now in irons. Will convene court to-day to try them. Have just returned from camp, and all quiet. You need not give yourself any uneasiness concerning them; they are completely cowed.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp Numbers 30, Devil's Lake, Dak. Ter., July 31, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST:

SIR: My last official report about the movements of the expedition was dated at For Rice, July 20. Feeling assured that no more Sioux intended to come in and surrender to me, I concluded to take up my line of march in the direction of Devil's Lake, to ascertain if any hostile Indians were or had been recently in that vicinity, in compliance with my instructions from headquarters Department of the Northwest. I left the camp opposite Fort Rice on the 23rd of July, with about the same command (480 men for duty, which, with the officers, teamsters, herders, and other detailed men, swelled my command to over 1,000. We marched in a direction generally north 30 [degrees] east, and on Saturday, the 29th of July, reached Devil's Lake, encamping on the southern border of it. We found the grass very good all the way here, and plenty of water, but of a very bad quality, until we reached the headwaters of the James. From there here the water is very good, but at this place, Devil's Lake, it is decidedly brackish. I fear it may produce sickness. The men, however, are digging wells, and find better water. As for wood, we found not even a bush even six inches high

