
line visit their country to hunt for valuable furs. I obtained some information from them in regard to the Sioux, most of which I already knew, in regard to the Indians near Berthold (part of the half-breeds had been there), but they also assured me there were no Indians east of Devil's Lake; that most of the Santees they left in the British Possessions. Among them they mentioned Sleeply Eye, and I think White Cound, as chiefs; that a part of them were at Turtle Mountain, which is just on the line, and that they thought some Santees, Cut-Heads, and North Yanktonnais, above 500 lodges, were on Mouse or Assiniboine River; that no hostile Indians, except a party of thirteen, led by a half-breed (a deserter from our service), who came to their country, stole several horsed, and joined the Santees, trying to get them to make war, had, in their opinion, visited the while settlements this year, and they felt sure if any large body of Indians had left for Minnesota they would know it; and they, moreover, stated that they believed the Indians would be glad to come in and make peace, for they were very poor. So much of they day was consumed in talking with these half-breeds I camped near them and started next morning. Quite a number wished to accompany me to the hostile camp, asking only what they would plunder for their pay. But I had no wish for their services. I was afraid they would require my men to fight while they interested themselves in the plundering. The next day, after a march of twenty-six miles, we reached the southwest corner of Devil's Lake. We crossed a train of six lodges going to Mouse River. Devil's Lake is a beautiful looking sheet of water, but the water is not fit to use. The animals, however, appear fond of it. It is quite salt. Where I camped I had no timber, but excellent grazing. The lake is felled with large islands, some of them three or four miles long and covered with the best of timber, and also filled with fish. I sent a force out to scour the country to the east of me to look for Indian signs and the best position for a post. My topographical officer, Major Henning von Minden, gas handed in his report, and I will forward a special report in regard to the establishment of a Fort at this point. The command found no recent Indian signs, the latest being one year old. We found a camp of half-breeds near the lake-some twelve men with their families. They were from our side of the line. I had their camp searched, but found nothing. They also told me they thought some of the Santees were on Mouse River. It looked suspicious that twelve men could come so far from home with their families and not be molested by hostile Indians. I therefore placed the camp under guard till I could get near to the Mouse River for fear that they might give the Indians information of my coming.

I am, sir, with much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 1, 1865-9,30 a. m.

(Received 2,30 a. m. 2nd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

I respectfully report my arrival here from the Rio Grande. The French and Austrian troops have been withdrawn from Matamoras, and the entire Rio Grande frontier is now in the possession of the Lib-

