HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,News Orleans, La., August 1, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 10,55 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

Since my telegram of this morning the following information has reached me from one of my scouts. He says there is no doubt about its truthfulness. It is the list of prominent Confederates which have gone to Mexico through San Antonio: Governors Allen and Moore, of Louisiana; Governors Edward Clark and Murrah, of Texas; Governor Haris, of Tennessee; J. P. Benjamin, late Secretary of State of the Confederate States; Breckinridge, Secretary of War of the Confederate States; Harrison, Jeff Davis' private secretary; Generals Smith, Magruder, Price, Shelby, Wilcox, and Harris; Colonels Terrel, Flournoy, and Walker, Colonel J. J. Hine, Majs. T. J. Davins, Green, and Rains, Majors Green, Sackfield Maclin, Colonel Elliott, of Missouri; William A. Broadwell, Payne, Harrison, and J. D. Elliott, Jackson, Miss. The whole number of pieces of artillery taken by these parties was fourteen, which all fell into the hands of the Liberals. The Governor of Nuevo Leon sent commissioners to Brownsville to see me, but I did not see them. They came to ask protection from the United States. I will send You a communication from the Governor by mail.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 1, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 10,45 p. m.)

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I found the troops from Brazon Santiago to Ringgold Barracks in very good condition and very well contented. On the Indianola line much trouble had been encountered in landing animals and transportation. We had to lighter over the bar, then lighter by small schooners to shore. Everything had been destroyed. On the Galveston line everything was in fine condition. There is a brigade of colored cavalry attached to the Twenty-fifth Army Corps. I do not intend to mount it. It might be mustered out.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 1, 1865.

Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mul. Div. of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your note of yesterday inclosing copy of dispatch from the General-in-Chief to Major-General Sherman in relation to the forces in the department and the requisitions made for the supplies at Fort Leavenworth. The instructions contained in these communications have been sent to Major-General Dodge, with directions to comply with them. In reply to several orders from me, requesting him to reduce the forces under

