
Appendix.

Amount of subsistence stores to be supplied to depots on the plains for use of troops at the depots and at costs dependent thereon, including officers, soldiers, citizens, employees, and Indians.

Fort Laramie, for 1,500 men for one year; Powder River, fro 500 men for one year; Cottonwood, for 1,500 men for one year; Julesburg, for 1,500 men for one year; Fort Halleck, for 250 men for one year; Collins, for 500 men for one year; Junction, for 500 men for one year; Utah, for 2,500 men for one year; Denver, for 2,000 men for one year; Fort Bridge, for 500 men for one year; Fort Garland, for 230 men for one year; Fort Lyon, for 1,500 men for one year; Fort Riley, for 4,000 men for six months; Fort Larned, for 2,500 men for six months. Quartermaster's and ordnance stores for a like number of troops have also been estimated for, and all the stores are now en route. As operations progress some posts will be deficient, others will have a surplus, and necessary arrangements have been made to transfer from one to the other as occasion may require. The troops to occupy Utah will have to be taken from those now east of the mountains. The provisions in Salt Lake were put there in anticipation of any trouble that may arise in that part of the country. The requisitions for Utah called for supplies for 5,500 men, but were cut down to 2,500. Supplies for these troops had also to be provided east of the mountains. We will no doubt at the end of the year have some surplus on hand, but not much. I only send rations to Forts Riley and Larned for six months, as I intend to draw in those troops in the fall, and consider that we will have rations enough to feed what will be left during the year.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, KANSAS AND THE TERRITORIES,Fort Leavenworth, August 2, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, by direction of the major-general commanding, that it will be the policy of the Government as soon as the Indian expeditions are over to reduce the forces on the plains to what will be actually needed to hold the posts and guard the routes; say about 1,500 or 2,000 men on the southern route. Hence, it will not be necessary to accumulate supplies only to last through the campaigns, and it is hoped they will end early in the fall. The general will leave here to-morrow for the northern route, and desires dispatches for him sent here as usual.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COOPER'S CREEK, COLO. TER., August 2, 1865.

Major WARNER,

Seventh Michigan Cavalry:

MAJOR: We were attacked at 3 o'clock yesterday, but we sent them a flying for the mountains lively. The stage and train are here. I

