
with the chiefs and head men of the hostile tribes and establishing peaceful relations with them at an early day without the aid of military force. " The peaceful relations [are] already established, I believe, but are liable to be broken or disobeyed at any moment just now by any unfortunate move. You also say, "Under my present orders I may move south of the Arkansas River with a military force prior to that date," meaning, I presume, the 8th or 10th of this month. Such a move will be in violation of the promises I was assured by General McCook I could make to these Indians, viz, that if they desisted from their acts of violence no troops should move against them south of the Arkansas until they should meet with the commissioners from the President. I myself have no authority to make peace with these Indians; my duty is simply to induce them to meet Senator Doolittle. He is specially authorized by the President, through the honorable Secretary of War, to meet and make such treaties and arrangements with them as he deems proper, subject to the President's approval. Full copies of the honorable Secretary of War's telegrams to Senator Doolittle were sent You by me. Should the movement of the troops south of the Arkansas River intimated by You be made just at the time I am in council with them, an angel from Heaven could not convince them but what another Chivington massacre was intended. Their messengers move through the country with great alacrity, and communicate more speedily, which I cannot do. I have ha dup to this time communication with only four Indians, and they as a delegation from a ll others assured me that there was not a hostile Indian on this frontier, and the facts justify their statements. You say, "I will be present at the interview, if possible, and do what I can to secure a satisfactory result. " This is all I ask, general; and if You will but second me t all will be well, but no movement of the troops south of the Arkansas River should but in defense be madwhat You please, butchered as the Cheyennes were by Chivington, it will be impossible to do anything with them, and I should regret such a move. Will You inform me if the President has revoked the authority given Senator Doolittle. If so, I should be informed of it. My runners and myself should not be exposed to the unexpected movement of troops. The campaign was suspended by order of General McCook, approved by General Pope, for peace, and to locate these Indians south of the Arkansas and east of Fort Bascom. Should You determine to send troops for any purpose south of the Arkansas River, please let me know of it in time so that I can withdraw my agents and myself from the country, and you will oblige me very much. The Bluff Creek, where the chiefs and head men propose to meet me, is south, I believe, of this place, a bout eighty miles, and the only way to get there is to come to this point. If it was possible I would visit You, but I cannot, as urrners may arrive at any moment, and I must remain here or go south. Should You come, full arrangements shall be made to guide [You] to the place as near as I know it myself. I cannot close this without asking in the most urgent manner to suspend any and all movement of troops south of the Arkansas River until after the meeting of those chiefs and head men with the commissioners from the President.

Yours, in haste,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

As Colonel Leavenworth seems to have pledged the faith of the Government that no troops should enter their country if they would maintain peace, and as no hostilities have been committed since the 29th of June last, I have deemed the matter of sufficient importance to refer it to department headquarters and aks instructions thereon. I shall not be able to cross the Arkansas in less than five days, on account of deficiency in ammunition, but shall continue preparation in the same manner as no question was pending. I desire an immediate reply to the above.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Ma-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., August 3, 1865.

Colonel J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of the 1st instant is just received. I shall not be able to cross the Arkansas until after the time appointed for the meeting. If the interview takes place inform me of the fact at once

