
and also of its results. I have no information that the authority given the Congressional committee has been revoked. I will inform You when I shall cross the Arkansas.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 4, 1865. (Received 1. 10 a. m. 5th.)

General J. A. RAWLINS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: If the regular cavalry regiments are sufficiently strong they could be sent to Texas and take the horses, arms, and equipments of the volunteers now there, who could be mustered out. This would save much trouble and expense to the Government, as their transportation to the Western frontier fully equipped would be expensive.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 4, 1865. -For Pope to Mitchell, forwarding instructions to Sanborn relative to suspension of operations against Indians, see Part I, p. 361.]

MOUTH OF LITTLE ARKANSAS, August 4, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas, Fort Larned:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform You that a party of Kiowa and Apache Indians arrived here day before yesterday, of some seventy-four or seventy-five individuals, of which number the head chiefs of the Kiowas and Apaches are here with six or eight of the other chiefs. They express themselves very anxious for peace, and assure me there is not a war party out from the south. Mr. Chisholm's time will be up in four or five days; with him I expect a large delegation of chiefs. This party would not come in to me until they sent for some of the friendly chiefs that are here with me to go out to them. This delegation has a Cheyenne woman with them. She says her friends (the Cheyennes) are very afraid, which fact I will knew before she told me, and it will require some time to make them feel as they should. I shall try and keep the chiefs To-han-son and Poor Bear, the head chiefs of the Kiowas and Apaches, with m until Senator Doolittle arrives. I hope Your engagements will be such that I shall see You here about the 8th or 10th of this month, as about that time I expect to be visited by a great number of Indians. You did not inform me if I might not expect the rations I requested sent here. I shall need some flour and meal I think very much, as the buffalo is quite a distance south of here. It is my intention to have the Indians meet the commissioners near the Big Bend of the Arkansas, if possible, but cannot tell until I see the Comanche chiefs. I am looking for them daily.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

P. S. -Will You have the goodness to return to letter to me from Senator Doolittle, in pencil, sent You with my letter before the last, and oblige,

J. H. L.

