
muster out all the troops in that region, except the small force above designated, it will be impossible to select out of the whole force seven regiments which will not be still more dissatisfied that they are now at being retained, and which will not accordingly be more insubordinate and less efficient that they now are. It will be judicious, indeed necessary, by the time specified for this reduction (say October 1) to have sufficient reliable force for the service indicated, so that all volunteer organizations now on the plains can be mustered out. The regiments of U. S. Volunteers in the department have only a short time to serve, and such reorganization of the army should, if possible, effected as will furnish the regiments needed mostly enlisted since the termination of the war. I submit these views thus early because I think the situation demands immediate attention. The few regiments needed in this department cannot, in my opinion, be kept together after all the rest have been discharged. Already proceedings of courts-martial, sentencing several privates and non-commissioned officers of the troops to death for mutinying, &amp;c., have reached me, and reports of officers who have come in from Utah and New Mexico, along the overland routes, represent the spirit among the troops guarding those routes as even worse than I have stated.

I am, colonel, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 10. Saint Louis, Mo., August 5, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as the staff of the major-general commanding. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Sprague, U. S. Army, chief of staff; Colonel J. V. Du Bois, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, inspector-general; Colonel Gideon Scull, chief commissary; Lieutenant Colonel Fred. Myers, chief quartermaster; Surg. E. H. Abadie, U. S. Army, medical director; Colonel C. A. Morgan, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army; Major and Bft. Colonel J. F. Meline, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, judge advocate; Major Lucien Eaton, judge-advocate; Major D. G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general; Major B. M. Piatt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Jos. McC. Bell, assistant adjutant-general; Captain and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel E. Haight, aide-de-camp; Captain James Sawyer, commissary of subsistence and aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. MCC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, KANSAS AND THE TERRITORIES, Numbers 3. Fort Leavenworth, August 5, 1865.

I. By direction of Major General John Pope, commanding the Department of the Missouri, the limits of this command are hereby extended to include the Territory of Utah.

II. The Territory will be embraced in the District of the Plains. All troops serving therein will report to Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding.

By order of Major General G. M. Dodge:

GEO. C. TICHENOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

