
FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., August 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The results of my inquiries and observations are that the Indian expeditions have been preparing since April; that all the men and nearly all the materials have gone forward. About 22,000 men, two-thirds mounted, are supplied with ample trains and equipage. Quartermaster's and other stores, with 7,000,000 rations and 640,000 bushels of corn, have been forwarded, and are being distributed among the depots on the routes from this place to Denver and Salt Lake, and to New Mexico. Seven columns of troops, each about 3,000 strong, are to move in various directions over the plains. I estimate the cost of the quartermaster's stores and rations when delivered at the several depots at $5,250,000. The corn costs $4,250,000 more-say $10,000,000 in all for supplies when delivered at the depots, exclusive of the outfit of the troops, wagons, animals, clothing, and stores taken with the troops in their own trains. The great supplies have gone forward in contractors' trains. General Dodge is on a steamer between this and Omaha. The work is done; the troops are launched beyond recall. The expenditures for sending forward stores will not be again incurred, for they have enough to last a year if the troops are judiciously moved. With reference to the depots, in October the force will be reduced, by expiration of enlistment, to 14,000 men, with which it is proposed to make a winter campaign, should that be necessary, and for this the preparations are made, and all stores asked for by the commanding officer have been supplied. It remains to wait for results commensurate with the expense of the preparations and the further daily expense of pay so large a force. I shall remain here only a few days and then return to Washington.

M. C. MEIGS,

Brevet Major-General and Quartermaster-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIST. OF TEXAS, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Victoria, Tex., August 6, 1865.

Bvt. Major General N. KIMBALL,

Commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps:

March Your division to this place as soon as You can get off conveniently. Send the Fifty-first Ohio, which is designed for provost guard of the town, to-morrow, at least let them come as far as Venable's. Your trains can return for the sick and hospital.

By command of Major General D. S. Stanley:

ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIST. OF TEXAS, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Victoria, Tex., August 6, 1865.

Major General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps:

March Your division to San Antonio as soon as You have transportation for Your baggage and ten days' rations. At San Antonio camp Your troops with reference to a healthy location. No officer will be

