
allowed to occupy a house, excepting by permission of the owner, and then not at Government expense. As soon as You get to San Antonio, send all Your train ack to Indianola, excepting such wagons as are needed for public duty to carry such supplies as You may need; a field officer to be in charge of the train. A part of this return train may be needed for the sick.

By command of Major-General Stanley:

ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIST. OF TEXAS, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Victoria, Tex., August 6, 1865.

Major General W. MERRITT,

Commanding Cavalry, Military Division of the Gulf:

I will start one division, Wood's, to San Antonio on the 9th proximo. I have made an agreement with Mr. James Dawson, of San Antonio, to haul supplies from Indianola to San Antonio at the rate of the last Government contract with Thomas Howard, giving the addition of the difference between specie and U. S. currency, which puts the price at above $3. 75 per hundred, which is the lowest bid I have had yet. If the chief quartermaster of the department is not heard from soon I shall advertise for proposals for supplying my troops at San Antonio and other points by contract. This does not include anything for Your troops, as I have not been notified that I would be expected to supply them. Whatever, however, is sent to San Antonio under my present arrangement will be put in common depot for Your troops if You choose, as well as my own. I may have more transportation than I will need to supply my troops at this point, in which case I will send it loaded to the San Antonio depot. The newspapers say General H. G. Wright is assigned to the Department of Texas. If so, I hope he will come soon and regulate this question of supplies. Generals Gibbs and Fitzhugh are in New Orleans waiting to hear from You to join You at San Antonio.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 7, 1865. (Received 5 a. m. 8th.)

Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: There is great difficulty about getting cotton from the Red River country, on account of some Confederate cotton being at numerous points in that section. I would recommend to the Government to relinquish its claims, and let the collector of customs levy a tax on all cotton. It will be satisfactory to the people, and will be for the benefit of the Government. This would simplify affairs very much, and would defeat all rascals now engaged in keeping it out of market.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

