HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Green Lake, Tex., August 7, 1865.

Brigadier General A. WILLICH,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Move with Your brigade as early as practicable to-morrow morning for San Antonio. Thirty wagons will be furnished for the movement-four for Your headquarters; one to each regiment, making seven; thirteen to transport seven days' subsistence, and six empty to be used as ambulances for men that may break down on the way and to transport some medical supplies. Three days' rations must be taken in haversack, commencing from to-morrow morning, when You march. On the march no soldier must be allowed to enter a house or inclosure, nor an officer, except on duty. The leading regiment on the march will post a sentinel at every house, to remain there until the entire command has passed. Forage and fresh beef must be procured on the march; they must be obtained regularly, and proper vouchers given for them. All pillaging, straggling, and all other disorders must be prevented. On arriving at San Antonio encamp Your brigade, except one regiment, in a healthy locality, there are four miles from the town, say at the springs at the head of San Antonio River; post strong guards around Your camp, safeguards at the houses in the vicinity, and be frequent patrols see that perfect order is preserved. Encamp one regiment as near the town as a convenient and healthy camp can be found, say near the San pedro Spring, and from this regiment have a sufficient guard furnished daily for the town for the preservation of order in it. So soon as You arrive at San Antonio send back at once all the wagons, except one for Your headquarters and one for each regiment, to the coast for supplies and to aid in moving the hospital. Send a guard of fifty men under a field officer with the wagons. Give the commander of the escort strict orders about pillaging, &amp;c., Furnish the escort and teamsters with rations to bring them to the coats, and have forage enough put in the wagons for the animals to do them to the coast, if it can be had at San Antonio. By applying to Judge Paschal, Mr. John French, another well-known Union men at San Antonio, You can get all the information You may require about camp-grounds, the procuring of supplies, &c. If You can hire a guide at Victoria You are authorized to do so. A copy of instructions from corps headquarters is furnished.

By command of Major-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIST. OF TEXAS, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Victoria, Tex., August 6, 1865.

[General T. J. WOOD:]

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding I have the honor to forward to You for Your information and guidance the following instructions: You will afford all necessary and proper aid to the Provisional Governor of Texas, appointed by the President of the United States (General A. J. Hamilton), and to the duly appointed authorities under him; but the local authorities will not be allowed to exercise jurisdiction in cases in which the interests of the United States as party are involved. You will afford all proper and necessary aid to any duly appointed assistant commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,

74 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

