
Ordered, That minute guns be fired from Fort McPherson from sunrise to sunset to-morrow; all flags to be displayed at half-mast; all public officers and buildings closed and draped in mourning, and all places of business closed throughout the dy. The churches of the various denominations in the city will be opened at sunrise and continue so for prayer throughout the day.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 18, 1865-2,40 p. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War directs that supplies be forwarded and issued to such Indians at Forts Smith and Gibson as may be in a suffering condition-sufficient at least to prevent suffering and starvation.

This will be continued until further arrangements can be made.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 18, 1865.

Major General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copies* of communications sent on the 15th [14th] instant to Major General J. F. Fagan, commanding C. S. forces in Arkansas (Washington, Ark.). They will explain themselves. The roads are bad and the streams high. An answer from General Fagan may be delayed some time, and I therefore propose the same terms to yourself and command. If these terms are accepted at once the men of your command will yet have time to raise crops this season and provide for their families during the coming winter. They will be aided and protected in doing so after they have laid down their arms. If further sacrifice of brave men on both sides becomes necessary in order to restore peace and civil rule to Arkansas, the responsibility will not rest with the national authorities. Should the recent assassination of President Lincoln produce an change in my instructions this proposition is subject to such changes.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 18, 1865-3,10 p. m.

Admiral S. P. LEE, U. S. Navy,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mound City, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: By direction of Major-General Pope, I shall be at Cairo to-morrow night on my way to the mouth of Red River on special and important duty. If possible, will you have a tin-clad in readiness to take me to my destination?

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* Not found as inclosures, but see explanatory footnote (*) Reynolds to Fagan, April 14, p. 98.

---------------

