
[AUGUST 7, 1865. -For Price to Barnes, relative to Indian operations on the plains, see Part I, p. 357.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 8, 1865.

Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to Your dispatch dated the 6th I have the honor to report that after the regiments recently ordered are mustered out there wills till remain in Texas an aggregate present and absent of colored troops 21,000; white troops 24,000. In Louisiana of white troops, 6,700; colored troops 19,100. The muster out will probably not be completed in less than twelve days from this date.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CENTRAL DIST. OF TEXAS, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Victoria, Tex., August 8, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General CONRAD,

Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding desires that You move Your command to this point as soon as practicable. You will first move the hospitals and sick of the command. Such teams and wagons of the other divisions as can be spared will be placed at Your disposal for the movement at the earliest practicable moment. Suitable campaign grounds will be designated on Your arrival.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. W. STEELE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 8, 1865.

Hon J. HARLAN,

Secretary of the Interior:

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith a dispatch from General Sanborn in relation to the Comanches, Kiowas, Arapahoes, and other Indians south of the Arkansas River. * I have directed General Sanborn to arrange for a complete cessation of hostilities and for a council with these tribes, to negotiate a permanent treaty at such time and place as You may hereafter designate. I will send runners to summon the chiefs. I trust that Colonel Leavenworth has no authority to commit the Government to any agreement which he may now choose to make; or rather, I hope he has no power to offer any terms whatever to the Indians. The mere offer of terms by him, should they be hereafter disapproved by the Government, would dissatisfy the Indians very much, and make it very difficult to negotiate any treaty which would secure their confidence. I would suggest that You give instructions to Indian agents, as I have to military commands, prohibiting them from making any conditions

---------------

*See Sanborn to Dodge, August 3, p. 1162.

---------------

