
MOUTH OF LITTLE ARKANSAS, August 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor, and I am also happy, to inform You that Mr. Chisholm has just arrived with a very large delegation of Indians who are determined to have peace with the white man, if it is possible. They are ready to meet the commissioners from the President, and I have no doubt in my own mind that whatever conditions and stipulations the commissioners require of them will be both faithfully and cheerfully complied with. They confirm all that has been stated to me by former delegations, that there is not a hostile Indian on this frontier from the south. They have with them their women and children, which shows conclusively that they put implicit confidence in the promises that have been made to them by me, as coming from the President, through the commissioners appointed to treat and to make full arrangements with them. I feel myself now fully authorized to call Your attention to the order issued by General McCook, and approved by Major-General Pope, to suspend the campaign against the Indians and to confine the action of the troops to the protection of the Santa Fe road. no troops were to cross the Arkansas River but in defense during or pending these negotiations. Should any collision happen between scouting parties south of the Arkansas River, sent there under any pretense, it will be greatly regretted to say the least, by the commissioners, and should the unfortunate movements of troops cause the present amicable relations existing between the different tribes south of the Arkansas and the Government to be broken, it will throw the Chivington massacre in the shade, as the chiefs and head men now there were called for their homes by the very highest authority to council. The time and place to meet the commissions has not as yet been fixed, but cannot be later than the 10th of September, as stated bu Senator Doolittle. As soon as determined I will communicate the facts to You. These Indians also state to me that as soon as the fact is known on the Platte that they have made peace, the Indians of that country will also stop all acts of violence, and we shall have peace on all of our frontier. I had written the above when shall have peace on all of our frontier. I had written the above when yours of the 8th reached me. I was much pleased to hear that Your would not cross the Arkansas River, and that You would so soon visit this place. There is, however, one thing, general, I do not fully understand, and it is this: why two parties should, at the same time, be trying to do the same thing with the Indians. I have told them they were to meet and treat with chiefs direct from the Great Father. Now, if any others should attempt to treat with them it will only tend to confuse them, and may lead to unfortunate results. All will, however, be explained, I presume, on Your arrival.

In haste, I am, Your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo. 5.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Commanding Northwest Indian Expedition, Fort Rice, Dak. Ter.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform You that Colonel N. Cole, Second Missouri Artillery, commanding column upon the east side of Black Hills, has been directed, upon the conclusion

