
of his campaign, to re-enforce You with 600 infantry, which force will be used to relieve the six companies of the First Regiment U. S. Volunteers now serving in Your command garrisoning Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., and other points. Upon being relieved the six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers will be put en route for Fort Leavenworth, from which point they will be reported by letter to these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOS MCC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 22. Vicksburg, Miss., August 11, 1865.

* * * *

II. The following transfers of regiments are ordered, and will be immediately effected by the district commanders who are concerned: The Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, from the Northern to the Western District of Mississippi; the One hundred and eighth U. S. Colored Infantry from the Western to the Northern District of Mississippi.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Slocum:

J. WARREN MILLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 11, 1865. -For Pope to Dodge and Dodge to Pope, relative to reduction of forces in Southern Kansas and operations in the Northwest, see Part I, pp. 352, 353.]

[AUGUST 11, 1865. -For Pope to Dodge, countermanding Connor's orders for the annihilation of Indians, see Part I, p. 356.]

COUNCIL BLUFFS, August 11, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have see no instructions of Connor's. I see in his order to his troops that he instructions them that they must follow a trail whenever they find it until the Indians are caught; and also instructs them that they must not be guilty of any outrage of any kind on women or children. I do not see how I can relieve him, as he is now far north of Laramie, and I know of no one who I could put in command. I fear it will be difficult to get the dispatches through to him, but will, at any rate, try it out.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

COUNCIL BLUFFS, August 11, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis:

General Connor is at Larned, 100 miles north of Fort Laramie. I have sent Your dispatches to Laramie, to be forwarded to him. * I have never heard of his letting any contracts with officers on the plains;

---------------

*See Dodge to Price, August 11, Part I, p. 356.

---------------

