
never received the orders You speak of in relation to contracts. Will it do to send a regiment to Fort rice whose term of service expires next summer? If so, I can send Forty-eight Wisconsin. I have no other regiment of infantry except one with Sanborn and one with Connor. I have ordered the posts in Southern Kansas broken up, Fort Scott included. Will order Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry mustered out. The Sixth West Virginia are the mutineers, and are in prison, and it will be good policy to let them go and keep in those who went forward to do their duty.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 11, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter.:

Have heard from Sixth West Virginia and Twenty-first new York. Former ordered here; latter ordered on mail road between Collins and Sulphur Springs. Also hear of three infantry regiments below Kearny. Men rapidly deserting; regiments will be mere skeletons upon arrival at Kearny. Men of Sixth U. S. Volunteers are also deserting. If troops sent out act this way with us will not have force enough on plains this fall unless additional and reliable regiments are forwarded. A half-way exhibition of power toward hostile Indians will only be productive of evil. Troops sent to Utah should have not less than two years to serve. Am sending Sixth United States and Eleventh Ohio there; both only number, 1,400 men. There should be not less [than] 4,000 in Utah to protect the development of the silver mines, the surest and safest method of crushing polygamy and the one-man power now crushing that country. Will You please extend Your visit to Laramie.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant-Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 12, 1865-9. 30 a. m. (Received 12 m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Detroit:

The President is much concerned about the Indian expedition. The Secretary of the Treasury declares his inability to meet an expenditure so large and unexpected, and not sanctioned by the Government. Have You any information to relieve the President's anxiety or to satisfy him as to the object and design of the expedition? Who planned it? Whether Sherman has reduced it any, and its probable results. Please answer speedily, and state when You expect to return to Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DETROIT, MICH., August 12, 1865-2 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have heard nothing from Sherman in answer to my dispatch directing a reduction of forces in the Northwest, and for him to look into the

