
of this State. It is hardly necessary to say that in this State a good deal of confusion prevails. There are a few individuals who rejoice at the coming of the French, but the majority view it with shame and humiliation.

General, this is the last letter I shall have an opportunity to send you, as the mail will stop as soon as the Government leaves.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

REUBEN W. CREEL,

U. S. Colored.

Should President Juarez to El Paso, and he is doubtless near that city now, the French will follow him to the Rio Grande. This will oblige him to seek refuge on our side. Does the Government of the United States desire that greater hospitality be shown to the President of our sister Republic, thus driven from his country by foreign bayonets and forced to seek an asylum on American soil, than should or might be shown to any private gentleman? It seems to me that if our President were compelled to leave his country under similar circumstances we should feel grateful to Mexico if she, as a republic, held out a helping hand and had a cheering word for him. I have ventured to say this, presuming that we, as a nation, are able to do right without an ever to diplomacy, and are able to let the consequences of right take care of themselves.

Respectfully,

J. H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 192. Little Rock, Ark., August 15, 1 865.

* * * *

11. The Ninth Iowa Cavalry is assigned to duty as follows: Headquarters and three companies at Fort Smith, Ark. ; one field officer and two companies at Lewisburg, Ark. ; one company at Dardanelle, Ark. ; one company at Fayetteville, Ark. ; one company at Clarksville, Ark. ; one field officer and two companies at Camden, Ark. ; one company at Washington, Ark. ; one company at Pine Bluff, Ark.

* * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

GUSTAV Wagenfuer,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 15, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to invite Your attention to a condition of things among the troops serving in this department which needs attention, and, as it seems to me, should be remedied as soon as practicable. Nearly all of the volunteer regiments serving in this department are dissatisfied, not to say insubordinate and mutinous, from the fact that they believe their terms of service to have expired with the conclusion of the war, and that unjust discrimination has been shown in retaining them for service on the plains, whilst so many other regiments, enlisted under the same circumstances and with the same conditions, have been mustered out of service. Whether right or wrong, they are

