
FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 15, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Kearny:

Seventy-seven hundred cavalry and 2,100 infantry. We lose of this number by Christmas fully 1,200 cavalry and 1,000 infantry by reason of expiration of term of service. About 2,500 of this cavalry are now on Powder River Indian expedition. We have 2,650 miles of mail and telegraph road to keep open; or, in plainer figures, if we place every available man we now have on mail and telegraph roads, counting in Twenty-first New York, Sixth West Virginia, and Seventh Kansas, the force would not exceed four officers and men to each mile of line to protect. To have any less force is to offer a premium for Indian attacks.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

FORT KEARNY, August 15, 1865.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Fort Laramie:

(For General Connor.)

General Sully writes July 17 that he had an interview with 200 lodges of hostile Indians at Fort Rice. They express themselves as wanting peace, and had gone out to get others in. Had come to no conclusion. Said parties of Sioux Remained hostile yet and were on Knife River with Cheyennes. General Sully thought he would not go to Devil's Lake, but try to arrange matters on Missouri River. Since then boats have come down and say Sully moved north toward old Fort Pierre and Berthold, not having accomplished anything. It also was reported that they had been fighting at Fort Berthold. I think Sully I sup in that country yet. I hope You will succeed in attacking them, as it is very important that You settle the matter before winter. I shall go to Laramie from here, marching with my escort, and wish to hear from You as often as practicable. Have You heard anything from Colonel Cole?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 15, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE, Kearny:

I have received dates from General Connor of 13th instant, from Powder River to Platte Bridge, and thence by telegraph to this place. Will have weekly communication with him by mail. Hew says: "If there is a regiment of infantry which has more than one year to serve I want four companies of it at this post (Powder River), four companies at Laramie and above on telegraph line, and two at Julesburg. " He also says: "Command is in excellent health. Plenty buffalo, wood, bunch grass, and water, but no hay lands here. " He directs that clothing for only 500 cavalry be sent there. Wants building tools, glass, and the saw-mill more than anything else.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

75 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

