
who may engage in developing it. The Mormons will never do it. On the contrary, they will do everything they can to prevent it. When the news went to Utah that sin-ridden Territory was cut off from Your command and taken from under the direct influence of General Connor, there went up a great cry of rejoicing from the polygamy traitors. They indulged in all manner of threats, and warned gentiles to leave; that they could not hunt for gold and silver any longer. The Government will make money; reap a thousandfold if now it will be furnishing troops to protect loyal men who propose to open the wealth of that country, and prove it to be, as it is, as rich as any other west of the Missouri River. You will be able to judge whether force on plains can be reduced any. I repeat, and but give the experience of every military man who has served on the frontier and understands the Indian character, that a half-way exhibition of power will only result in evil-deplorable evil. These Indians have repeatedly declared that they do not want peace. We should fight them like the fiends they are until they come begging on their hands and knees for mercy. When they do this then we can afford to make peace. They are now proud and insolent. Have been able until lately to dash down on road and destroy everything. They should not only see the power of the government, but also feel it. If peace is made with them before they are punished it will not last six months; scarcely longer than the time it will take to deliver the presents. That which may appear to be a cruel policy East is really humanity to the Indians, to say nothing of the outrages committed by them upon our women and children. It will be hazardous to weaken our force on the mail and telegraph line. In many places have not sufficient now for want of troops. We can hardly obtain men to do the necessary camp and post duties, so great is the demand for escort and scouting duty. The stage company has finally agreed to place the stock on road between Collins and Sulphur Springs. That could have been done three weeks ago if they had not bens cared almost to death about the loss of a few broken-down horses and mules. The general does not yet know that infantry brigade has been ordered back. He should have another infantry regiment for this district and Powder River. One thousand infantry and one regiment of cavalry should be sent to Utah. When You arrive can talk with you fully on these subjects, telling you exactly what General Connor's ideas and plans are. The mail road and telegraph line all quiet. Our cavalry overtook Indians who committed depredations at Big Laramie several days ago, whipped them badly, and is still after the. Quartermaster and commissary stores are arriving at the different depots, and all work pertaining to winter is being pushed as rapidly as it can be under the circumstances.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

FORT KEARNY, August 16, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have received dispatches from General Connor, who arrived on Powder River, 160 miles north of Fort Laramie, on the 11th instant. Says it is an important place and the winter quarters of the Indians. He made an excellent road to it. Plenty of wood, water, bunch grass, and

