
this department, and do it better. I have recommended either that five infantry and two cavalry regiments of the regular Army be set here, in Lieutenant of all troops now serving in Missouri and Kansas and the Territories west of the Missouri River, or that authority be given to raise these seven regiments from all the forces now in the department. The applications of governors to have these regiments mustered out can only be gratified by abandoning the whole country and all our supplies west of the Missouri River to the Indians, and of this the Government must be the judge. Governor Lewis' application should have the same weight, neither more nor less, as applications of the same kind from governors of other States. If one is acceded to all must be, and this department would be left without troops. Nearly the entire force in the department will be mustered out by October 15. After three years' service two months seem a short time to wait patiently, especially when the Government so much needs the services of the regiments and finds it so difficult to replace them.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 17, 1865. -For Sanborn to Dodge, relative to negotiations for peace with the Indians, see Part I, p. 361-363.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 17, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that by the 1st of November next Your command will be reduced to one regiment of infantry and six companies of cavalry, to be posted as circumstances may require, possibly in the following manner, to meet the immediate wants of the service, viz: At Fort Abercrombie, 3 companies of infantry and 30 horses; at Fort Wadsworth, 4 companies of infantry and 30 horses; at Fort Ripley, 2 companies of infantry; at Fort Ridgely, 1 company of cavalry and 1 company of infantry. The disposition of the cavalry to be made as the necessities of the service may require.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., August 17, 1865. (Via Sioux City.)

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Commanding Northwest Indian Expedition, Fort Rice, Dak. Ter.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that by the 1st of November next, or upon the termination of Your campaign, Your command will be reduced to one regiment of infantry and six companies of cavalry, the disposition of which is left to Your discretion, but the following arrangements might perhaps meet the necessities

