
PLUMB CREEK, August 18, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Arrived here to-day at noon, all right. Shall go to Midway to-night. Send dispatches to Cottonwood.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

PLUM CREEK, August 18, 1865.

Major G. C. TICHENOR:

Bring the Forty-eighth Wisconsin to Fort Leavenworth; order Fiftieth Wisconsin to Fort Rice, as directed. You must do the best You can until Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry or Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry arrives. That regiment ought to be en route for Fort Rice now to reach there. If You have any trouble about getting boats telegraph Captain Bell. Don't let anything delay this regiment getting off. We are getting along finely; reached this place at noon. General Sully, I think, is in that country. Let the commanding officer report to whoever is in command. They go to relieve a regiment whose term of service expires, and the colonel may be the ranking officer, if so, he will report to us. If General Sully is there, or has left orders, be governed by his orders.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 18, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Kearny or Cottonwood:

I have dates including 15th instant from General Connor. He has laid out a post on Powder River-splendid location-Colonel Kidd, Sixth Michigan Cavalry, in command. Are now building block-houses and stockades. The post is about eighty miles from Deer Creek Station. As soon as train-which should be with him to-morrow-arrives, he will resume march. Saw-mill much needed. All signs indicate that Indians are moving down river in large bodies. They are traveling in the direction the general wants them to travel. He says he does not think it possible for them to escape him. His stock is in fine condition. He expects the California troops, which took a route west of him, to join him within four days after he resumes his march.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 18, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Northwest Indian Expedition, Fort Rice, Dak. Ter.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 25th of July, via Council Bluffs, dated August 17, was received yesterday. The major-general commanding has answered it by telegraph, directing You not to muster out the troops referred to, but to postpone all action until their services

