
Little Arkansas, and with them entered into a written agreement for the cessation of hostilities and for a meeting to conclude arrangements for perpetual peace, to be held October 4, at Bluff Creek, forty miles below Little Arkansas River. It is General Sanborn's opinion that this is the end of hostilities south of the Arkansas. I send You copies of the dispatches in full by the first mail.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 20, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Cottonwood:

General Sanborn reports that he met the chiefs and head men of the Apaches, Arapahoes, Kiowas, and Comanches on the 15th instant at the mouth of Little Arkansas, and after a council with them made a written agreement for cessation of hostilities and for the perpetual peace, to be held October 4, at Bluff Creek, forty miles below Little Arkansas River. The agreement is signed by sixteen of the principal men of the Kiowas, Apaches, and Arapahoes, and they bind themselves to make perpetual [peace], Cheyennes to keep the peace and unite in the agreement. General Sanborn says his force can be reduced 2,000 now, and as many more after the agreement of 4th of October is made. Copies of this report, agreement, &amp;c., are sent You by mail to Julesburg.

GEO. C. TICHENOR,

Major and Aide-de-Camp; .

GALENA, ILL., August 21, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Before receiving Your dispatch I wrote to Sherman on the subject of reduction of forces in the West, and for information concerning Indian expeditions, to be sent to General Rawlins, giving him at the same time my views. Copies of my letters forwarded to General Rawlins to-day.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 21, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Galena, Ill.:

Your dispatches concerning the further reduction of troops and leave to paroled rebels to leave the country have been received. Orders have been given the Adjutant General to go on with the reduction of the force to such extent as may be deemed safe by the commanding officers, and I have recommended the order to be made in respect to paroled rebels. Nothing of importance has transpired since Your departure. No satisfactory information has ben received in respect to the Indian expedition or the measures taken to reduce its dimensions and expense. This subject still occupies the anxious consideration of the President and of this Department. General Meade has been

