
directed to visit the southern portion of his command in order to see to the discipline and administration of the military and of the Freedman's Bureau, concerning which some complaint has been made.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 21, 1865-1 p. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: If the regular cavalry regiments were ordered to Texas, I could mount and equip them from the volunteer cavalry now there, and muster most of it out. This would be a great saving to the Government, and I strongly recommend it. The muster out of the armies of the Potomac and the Tennessee has given the troops such good grounds to ask for the same that it is astonishing how quietly they have behaved. When I go to Texas I will at least muster out two regiments of cavalry and perhaps some of the Fourth Corps. I do not intend to call on the Government for cavalry horses for the cavalry force in Texas.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., August 21, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 30 p. m.)

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I will leave here for Texas on next Thursday. All telegrams or communications will be sent after me, or telegrams and reach me at Galveston via Saint Louis.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Victoria, Tex., August 21, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General JOSEPH CONRAD,

Commanding Second Division, Central District of Texas:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your communication of the 19th instant. The major-general commanding directs that You send a regiment of Your command to occupy Texana, provided You can send them there by steamer. It will be the duty of the commanding officer sent to Texana to capture all jayhawkers and all other lawless persons, and use every effort to establish order and give protection to individuals and property. To seize for the Government all property belonging to the late so-called Confederate Army or Government. To establish justice and good feeling between land proprietors and freedmen, encouraging the latter to contract to labor for the former at just wages. It is preferable that the freedmen should contract with their former masters, and in this way return to their homes. It has been reported that some civil officers have been appointed in that section by Provisional Governor Hamilton. In case any such are found there, they are to be assisted by the troops in establishing their authority, and co-operate with in the discharge of their duty. The regimental

