
quartermaster must give proper vouchers for beef to supply the command, and make arrangements for the transportation of other supplies from Lavaca and Indianola.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -The regiment which goes to Texana should be supplied with thirty days' rations at once.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ANDREW STEWART,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GALENA, ILL., August 21, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Dispatches from Washington received whilst I was in Detroit express great alarm at the magnitude of requisitions coming in for expeditions fitting out for Indian hunt. They also ask me if they were fitted out under my orders, and if there is a necessity for them. Now that the Indians cannot expect aid from rebels by making us spend so much force in another direction, it looks to me as if the number of troops sent in each party might be materially reduced. The treaty which will soon be in progress at Fort Gibson, Ind. Ter., possibly renders some of the expeditions which General Pope contemplated sending out altogether unnecessary. I think also that the Arkansas and Kansas might now be stripped pretty bare of troops and especially of cavalry. This at least would apply to Kansas and Missouri. I wish You would give the subject of reducing our forces within Your command attention, and let General Rawlins know what You think can be done. I will be in Saint Louis about 12th of next month.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[AUGUST 21, 1865. -For Connor to Dodge, relating to operations in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 358.]

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 21, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Alkali or Julesburg:

Durkee, of Wisconsin, has been appointed Governor of Utah. Mormons tried to murder Rev. Norman McLeod, Christian minister now preaching in Salt Lake City, but failed in the attempt. They are growing very insolent because of the small number of soldiers now there and are daily becoming worse. The Indians in Southern and Western Utah are also committing depredations, instigated thereto by Mormon leaders; they are doubtless attempting the same policy which they tried there three years ago, thinking in the absence of troops there will be a fair chance to succeed. That policy is to force very man, woman, and child, not a Mormon, to leave the Territory. The commanding officer of that district earnestly asks for more troops. The gold and silver interests will be seriously jeopardized and gentile life very unsafe this winter if additional force is not sent there. I am thus earnest in pressing this subject upon Your attention because I

