
have served in that Territory nearly three years and traveled all over it, and know that this condition of affairs will grow worse, if preventive measures are not adopted. Stage company from Salt Lake City to Virginia City, Idaho, are also earnestly asking for military escorts to protect mails and treasure in transit from marauding copperhead guerrillas, who have fled from east of the Missouri River and are now following their old vocations on that mail road. We have not the troops to give them; Colonel George has not men enough to perform garrison duty. Bela M. Hughes, agent Overland Stage Line, says will not be able to open new road to Denver via Uinta Valley this season, and idea of transferring stage stock to that route this fall is abandoned. This seriously annoys plans heretofore made by us. The steamer Brother Jonathan was wrecked off Crescent City, Cal., July 31 [30], and Brigadier General George Wright, U. S. Volunteers and colonel Ninth Infantry, was drowned. He was en route for his new command-the Department of Columbia. He formerly commanded the Department of the Pacific.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe., N. Mex., August 21, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, FORT STANTON, N. MEX.:

SIR: Send a first-rate officer and twenty-five good men-have the officer and twelve of the men mounted-to the Gallinas Mountains, there to take post as a picket until further orders. The men will have each 100 rounds of cartridges for rifle or carbine and fifty rounds each for revolver. They will take fifty days' rations. The officer will be instructed to attack and destroy all Apache or Navajo Indians he may find without passports. Women and children will not be killed. Neither officer nor men of this picket will leave it nor go to visit any of the neighboring towns. Give me a list of the names of the party sent to the saw-mill on the Tularosa and of this party sent to the Gallinas. Inform commanding officer at Fort Sumner of the day the latter party leaves Your post, its strength, and a copy of its instructions. The troops at Your post must carry out the spirit of this order in the country about You. I expect You to send out scouts to circle around your post at good distances, to cut whatever trails may be made by Indians. What became of the horses captured from the Navajoes? Report their exact number and locality.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. -Try and keep Your horses shod and in condition for immediate service.

GALENA, ILL., August 22, 1865-6 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All regular cavalry not absolutely necessary where it now is might be sent to General Sheridan, but I would not advise the interference with any it now in General Pope's department.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

