
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 20. Saint Louis, Mo., August 22, 1865.

The District of the Plains is hereby abolished, and the following district established:

I. District of Wisconsin-to include the State of Wisconsin; headquarters, Milwaukee, Wis. Major General A. Pleasonton, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

II. District of Minnesota-to include the State of Minnesota and that portion of Dakota lying east of a line drawn from the head of Pembina River to the western extremity of Devil's Lake; thence to the head of James River; thence, following the course of James River southerly, to the forty-fourth parallel of latitude; thence east along that parallel to the Big Sioux River; thence along the line of that river to the northern boundary of the State of Iowa. Brigadier and Bvt. Major General J. M. Corse, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

III. District of Iowa-to include that State of Iowa, except the counties of Buncombe, Sioux, Plymouth, Osceola, Woodbury, Inson, Emmet, Kossuth, Winnebago, Worth, Mitchell, Howard, Winneshiek, and Allamakee; headquarters at Clinton, Iowa.

IV. The District of Missouri-to include the State of Missouri; headquarters at Saint Louis, Mo. Brigadier General T. C. H. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

V. The District of Kansas-to include the State of Kansas and the Upper Arkansas Valley as far as to include Fort Lyon; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth. Brigadier and Bvt. Major General W. L. Elliott, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

VI. The District of Nebraska-to include the Territories of Nebraska and Montana, and that portion of Dakota lying west of the western boundary of the first-named Territory; headquarters at Laramie. Brigadier and Bvt. Major General F. Wheaton, U. S. Volunteers, to command. VII. The District of Colorado-to include the Territory of Colorado, except that portion of the valley of the Upper Arkansas included in the District of Kansas; headquarters at Denver City. Brigadier and Bvt. Major General E. Upton, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

VIII. The District of Utah-to include the Territory of Utah; headquarters at Salt Lake City. Brigadier General P. E. Connor to command.

IX. District of Dakota-to include the counties of Buncombe, Sioux, Plymouth, Osceola, Inson, Emmet, Kossuth, Winnebago, Worth, Mitchell, Howard, Winneshiek, Woodbury, and Allamakee, in Iowa, and the Territory of Dakota, except that portion of the Territory included in the District of Minnesota and Nebraska; headquarters at Sioux City. Brigadier and Bvt. Major General A. Sully, U. S. Volunteers, to command.

The forces to be assigned to these several districts will be communicated to the commanders in letters of instructions.

The officers designated to command the foregoing districts will proceed without delay to their respective headquarters and enter upon the discharge of their duties.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

76 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II.

