
two infantry companies with about thirty horses to mount express men, herders, &amp;c. ; the third (Camp Wardwell) needs a garrison of not less than three companies of infantry and one of cavalry. My impression is that You will not need any other posts, but it may be possible that on looking over the ground You will find that other small posts can be judiciously established. You are therefore authorized to retain in Your district one entire regiment of infantry, to be selected by yourself. Five companies of cavalry will be turned over to You by General Elliott from his district. These companies will be full to 100 men. If they are not, General Elliott will assign to You a sufficient number of additional companies to bring Your cavalry force up to 500 men. All other troops than those herein specified should be immediately mustered out of service, all extra staff officers sent to Saint Louis to report, and all supplies in excess of what are needed for Your command for one year stored and protected carefully from the weather, or so disposed of as upon consultation with officers of the proper staff departments You may deem best for public interest. Please report by letter to Major-General Dodge, who has general command west and south of the Missouri River. Make Your reports direct to him, but inform me by telegraph of any matter of interest or importance. I need not enter into further details. Upon looking over the district You will be able to inform yourself fully of the necessities of Your command. I cannot too strongly impress upon the absolute necessity of reducing troops and expenditures to the foregoing basis at the earliest possible moment.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., August 23, 1865.

General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I hope to be able to muster out about 3,000 more troops in Texas after I reach San Antonio. Every effort will be made to reduce the force consistent with the public wants and the instructions of the lieutenant-general.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, August 23, 1865.

General SANBORN,

Fort Riley, Kans.:

Have the Fifth U. S. Volunteers move at once to Kearny, as directed in Special Orders, Numbers 13, from these headquarters.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT RILEY, August 23, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In reply to telegram directing Fifth U. S. Volunteer Infantry to move at once to Fort Kearny, I desire to state that the proper orders were at

