HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., August 24, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: You will receive herewith the order assigning You to the command of the District of Utah and breaking up the District of the Plains. * You will please proceed to Your command at the earliest practicable moment and enter upon the performance of Your duties. One regiment of infantry one of cavalry are assigned to Your district, and no more troops must be kept there under any circumstances. I desire also to say to You that hereafter it is expected, and will be required of all officers serving in this department, that they do not interfere with officers of the disbursing departments within their districts, except so far they are required by regulations to overlook them in the performance of their duties. All contracts and payments on contracts must be made hereafter by officers of the proper department according to law and regulations, and no account for any expenditure in violation of either will be admitted or paid, and if paid by any commanding officer's order the amount will be charged to him at the Treasury. It is impossible for any officer who attends promptly to his own duties to be able also to attend to the duties of his subordinates. I make these remarks because there has been much complaint of You in this direction, and many accounts of an extraordinary character made by You have been reported to me as paid by Your orders. I do not mean to say that these expenses were not necessary, but hereafter I am very sure that with proper management the necessity will not again arise, and I desire You always to take such precautions in advance that nothing will be needed in Your command which cannot be had in the usual and legal way. Your familiarity with the country and the circumstances of Your command render any instructions from me unnecessary. I desire You to make such arrangements for the protection of the overland routes in Utah as You consider necessary and are capable of making with the force assigned to Youtroops, except the regiment of infantry and the regiment of cavalry designated as the force of Your district, will be put in march for Fort Leavenworth, or other proper points for muster out, without the least delay. If General Wheaton calls upon You for any of this surplus force, You will detach it to report to him. You will report by letter to Major-General Dodge, who has general command west and south of the Missouri River, and send Your official reports to him.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 24, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces, Fort Leavenworth:

There are no Comanches or Kiowas north of the Arkansas River, except possibly a few small war parties. The chiefs said that there were some small war parties out from each tribe and that they did not know where they had gone, but thought they had gone upon the Fort

---------------

* See paragraph VIII, August 22, p. 1201.

---------------

