
they are going to give us. We are now well supplied with everything. The Quartermaster-General has ordered store-houses built at Larned, and I think the lumber will commence coming forward soon. Larned must be the depot of supplies for all the posts and troops between Larned and Lyon, and I desire all proper requisitions for supplies for those posts and stations to be filled at Larned. Communicate Your views of matters at any time. I shall always be glad to hear from You.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 25, 1865.

Colonel J. J. GRAVELY,

Commanding Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 21st instant came to hand this morning. I am expecting orders reducing my command, and also orders to garrison the Smoky Hill route, so I am not now expecting that Your command will remain in the Third Sub-District many days, and have so intimated to Colonel Cloud. As I may want You to command a subdistrict or line of travel before long, I will not make the order transferring Your headquarters here now; but if things are to remain as they now are many weeks, I will make the order. The work should now be made quite light along the Arkansas, as I think there is not much danger on that line of travel. I expect Fort Dodge will be abandoned soon, and stations established at Aubrey Crossing and Cimarron Crossing of the Arkansas. Write to me at any time and give me Your views about any matters pertaining to the service or other things. I shall always be glad to hear from You, and will write in reply when possible. Keep Your stock up in good shape if possible, and be careful not to work too hard. How much money is the paymaster paying Your command?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LARAMIE, DAK. TER., August 25, 1865.

Brigadier General P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Powder River:

Colonel Briggs. [Seventh] Michigan Cavalry, reports 400 Indians crossed mail road at Willow Springs, between Big Laramie and Virginia Dale, on 21st, bound north, traveling very rapidly for their villages. They have heard of You. One hundred and fifty Indians attacked Willow Springs on 13th instant; stampeded stock, when Michigan men charged them on foot, recovered portion of it, and drove Indians away. All Michigan cavalry has arrived and is distributed. Twenty-first New York will soon be at Collins. Have no fears about running mail. Do not think there is to-day a hostile Indian within fifty miles of any point on mail road. They are all, as was anticipated, fleeing north to their villages. Colonel Potter is confident of his ability to protect road.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

