
the Indian Territory, which belongs to the Department of Arkansas. I have, however, endeavored to comply with the terms agreed upon by Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews and the Indian nations, believing it the only way to avoid serious difficulty. Immediately after the adjournment of the grand council, which convened at Armstrong Academy in June, I received Governor Colbert's request for passports for Indian delegates to go to Washington. The passports were granted, and the delegates were expected in Washington, as it was understood they were appointed by the grand council. In reply to this letter, Governor Colbert informed me that since his first letter to me Lieutenant-Colonel Matthews had negotiated a temporary treaty of peace, and requested that a grand council be held in the Territory, at which commissioners from Washington would be present; but that if from any cause the commissioners failed to attend the council in the Territory the delegates would avail themselves of the passports and free transportation offered by me. This I communicated to the Interior Department at Washington, and soon after received instructions to notify all the Indian tribes that commissioners from Washington would meet them in grand council at Fort Smith, Ark., September 1.

White I was communicating with the Interior Department by telegraph Major-General Herron was compelled to use the mail, and in consequence of the delay occasioned preparing reports and the uncertain mail facilities, it was several weeks before the Department at Washington was advised that any commissioners had visited the Territory or made any agreement with the Indian tribes. The commissioners will be here on the 1st of September, where they will await the arrival of the delegates from the various Indian tribes. It will not be possible for the commissioners to proceed to Armstrong Academy to meet the grand council, as they have appointed Fort Smith as the place where they will meet all persons in the Western country having business with them; and I am informed that delegates from the Kansas Indian and other tribes are now on the road to this place to meet the commissioners on business. The first information I received that a grand council had been called to meet at Armstrong on the 1st of September was by letter from Governor P. P. Pitchlynn, received the 14th instant, too late to attempt to charge the place of meeting, as notice had been sent to all the Indian tribes on the 2nd instant that the council would meet at this place. I hope the various tribes in the Territory will be fully represented here at the earliest day possible, as the commissioners will expect to meet them here on the 1st of September.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp Numbers 43, Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., August 26, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI:

In my last report, dated August 13, I spoke of the Assiniboine Indians I sent to Union. They returned, and report that from what they could learn the Indians (Minnesota Sioux) were west of the Little Muddy, and were moving toward Union, but north of it, and that buffalo were very thick there. I then sent for Medicine Bear (as I knew I could not overtake these Indians) and told him that I had come

