
FORT RILEY, August 27, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In accordance with instructions of the 23rd instant, I have designated for muster out the Eleventh Indiana Cavalry Volunteers, numbering about 30 officers and 732 men, and Companies C, D, and G, of the Second Cavalry Colorado Volunteers, numbering eight officers and ninety enlisted men, all having from six to ten months' pay due. The necessary orders have been issued, but it will be ten to fifteen days before they arrive, as it will take a few days to relieve the different detachments. Colonel Maynadier, Fifth U. S. Volunteer Infantry, started for Fort Kearny yesterday with six companies of his regiment-all that were here. Major Curtis and Captain Moses, Second Colorado Cavalry, have been ordered to Fort Leavenworth as directed, and will start to-morrow.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General.

[AUGUST 28, 1865. -For Dodge to Pope, relative to the reduction of troops on the plains, see Part I, p. 352.]

[AUGUST 28, 1865. -For Pope to Dodge, relative to the reduction of troops on the plains, see Part I, p. 354.]

CAMP MITCHELL, August 28, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Connor sends following:
HEADQUARTERS, Powder River, August 19, 1865.

A detachment of my Pawnee scouts on the 16th instant discovered and pursued a party of twenty-four Cheyennes returning from the mail road with scalps and plunder. They overtook them about sixty miles northeast of here on Powder River, and, after a short engagement, killed the whole party. Loss on our side, 4 horses killed. We captured 29 animals, among which are 4 Government mules, 6 Government and 1 Overland Stage horses, 2 Government saddles, a quantity of while women and children's clothing, 2 infantry coats, &amp;c.

G. M. DODGE,Major-General.

CAMP MITCHELL, August 28, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Connor telegraphs from expedition moving north of Powder River that one of his parties struck trail of Indians coming from mail road; killed one of principal chiefs of Cheyennes and captured thirty head of Government stock, also large amount of plunder, ponies, &c., They also took in their baggage large number of letters belonging to Seventh Michigan Cavalry. He says that all Indians are moving north.

77 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II.

