
anxious indeed that You should view the matter as I do, as I believe that upon the decision arrived at will depend largely the stability of our peaceful relations with these Indians hereafter. I wish You every success in Your negotiations, and shall hold myself ready to carry out the provisions of any treaty You may negotiate to the full extent of the means at my command. General Curtis will carry up with him the necessary orders to General Sully and other commanders.

I am, sir, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 28, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Fort Laramie:

My estimate of forces necessary for the line of the Arkansas River, now that we have peace with the Indians along the route, is as follows: Cow Creek Station, one squadron of cavalry; Fort Zarah, Fort Larned, Fort Lyon, and Cimarron Crossing, one company of cavalry and one of infantry each. If the mail for Colorado and a large or considerable portion of the freight for that country is to pass over the Smoky Hill route, with now seems probable, I would recommend that a battalion of cavalry and four companies of infantry be stationed along that route. In addition to the above, a small force will be required at Riley and some troops for special service to prevent stealing from reserve Indians. If the Smoky Hill route is to be as important as anticipated, it is certain that the Government should not expect or attempt to maintain peace along the two lines with a less force than one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry. The chiefs while in council admitted that they could not control their bad men without the presence or aid of our military forces to terrify them. Under orders from General Elliott I have directed the Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, Second Colorado Cavalry, Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry, and all the Wisconsin and Iowa troops to proceed to Leavenworth. This leaves the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, Second U. S. Infantry Volunteers, and two companies of the First Colorado Veteran Battalion. Five hundred of the cavalry are to go to Denver City with General Upton, and the term of service of the Second U. S. Volunteers expires in about one month.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., August 28, 1865.

Colonel W. F. CLOUD,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Fort Larned:

COLONEL: Yours of the 23rd instant is at hand. The Fifth U. S. [Volunteer Infantry] is ordered to Fort Kearny, and as the term of service of the Second U. S. [Volunteer] Infantry expires in about forty days, I thought it best to get the regiment together here, and have it ready to muster out when the time comes. I approve of Your action in retaining the troops to day their pay. The percentage of furloughs allowed by law may be given by regimental and detachment commanders,

