
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 14. Milwaukee, Wis., April 18, 1865.

Wednesday, April 19, 1865, being designated by the authorities at Washington for the funeral ceremonies appropriate to the national calamity sustained by the death of President Lincoln, who was basely assassinated on the night of the 14th instant, and in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 69, War Department, current series, all the troops in this department will devote the day to appropriate funeral ceremonies suited to the occasion. Flags will be draped in mourning, business suspended, bells tolled, and guns fired every half hour from sunrise to sundown. The usual badge of mourning, crape on the left arm, will be worn for sixty days.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, April 19, 1865.

[General GRANT:]

GENERAL: Circumstances have doubtless made it impossible for you

to send me the notice to accompany you, as you were kind enough to suggest the morning of your passage through this city. The formal report of the result of my negotiation in Texas, with the correspondence, is being copied. It may be of importance, however, to sum it up briefly for you immediate information. I went to Galveston, according to the arrangement agreed upon with Slaughter and Ford. A General Walker, commanding the Department of Texas, declined an interview upon the basis proposed, after which I proceeded to New Orleans and arranged with General Hurlbut to open communication direct with Kirby Smith upon the subject. General H. and myself concluded that the affair had gone far enough, at least to make Smith 'show his hand. " General Hurlbut also agreed to send Mr. Worthington to Matamoras for the purpose of sounding Slaughter and Ford as to whether they were willing to act independently-a result not at all improbable. So the matter stand. That an arrangement with Kirby Smith now is practicable I don't doubt at all. I feel sure he will surrender without a shot fired. I will forward the regular report, if you desire it, or bring it on with me when I hear from you. *

Very respectfully, your friend,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 18. New Orleans, April 19, 1865.

In consequence of the astounding and heartrending intelligence just received from the North, all duties in this command will be suspended for the day, except the necessary guard duties, and what may have been ordered by higher authority. All flags will be immediately set at half-mast for the day. The provost-marshal of the parish of Orleans will have all bells in the city of New Orleans tolled for one

---------------

* See inclosures, Wallace to Grant, May 16, pp. 457-463.

---------------

