
The troops will march forty and rest twenty minutes in each hour. A distance of from 100 to 200 yards will be observed between the regiments. Regimental and company commanders will be held responsible for the destruction of any property, taking up horses, and straggling through the country by their commands. Arms will be stacked at every half, and soldiers will not be allowed to go ahead of the command. All regimental commanders will be governed on the march by the regiment in advance.

By command of Brevet Major-General Beatty:

GEO. M. HULL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POWDER RIVER INDIAN EXPEDITION, Camp Numbers 27, Tongue River, September 11, 1865.

Colonel COLE,Second Missouri Light Artillery, or

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry:

My scouts have just returned from Powder River, and report having seen a large number of horses shot and ordnance property destroyed at a camp of one or both of Your columns on Powder River, sixty miles east of here. I send three scouts to tell You of my whereabouts and guide You by the best route to me or Fort Connor, on Powder River. You can place implicit confidence in the scouts and be directed by them in the route You will take. I hope and trust Your condition is not as bad as I fear it is.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement on envelope.]

The scouts first sent with this were driven back by Indians and returned last evening. You should come over to this river immediately. Send word to me, at all hazards, of Your condition on receipt of this. I will keep moving up this river at the rate of fifteen miles a day.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN,Milwaukee, Wis., September 12, 1865.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: The inclosed papers of Governor Lewis are returned with the report of Captain Taylor, of my staff, who was sent to investigate the facts complained of against the Indians in the northern part of this State. I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the report of Captain Taylor, as it shows the necessity for the removal of these Indians from the State to other territory farther west. The Winnebagoes, who are the larger number of these Indians, belong to the tribe of that name who were removed by the Indian Department, some twenty years ago, to Iowa and afterward to the northern part of Minnesota. The whole tribe was removed, but those now here returned to this State, and no steps were taken by the

