
Indian Department to remove them or retain them with the bulk of their tribe. It appears to me, therefore, that the removal of these Indians at this time belongs to the Indian Department. It is essential that they should be removed from this State, and I recommend that they be placed with the rest of their tribe and made to remain with them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 18, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Major-General Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, whose attention is invited to copy of my letter to Governor, Lewis, of Wisconsin, and the copy of dispatch from Mr. Mix, of the Interior Department. It will be seen from these papers that the Interior Department notified me that they would not have anything to do with these Indians, and if I meddled with them I would have them on my hands. My letter to Governor Lewis explains the whole matter. It is impossible for me to do anything further about these Indians, without special instructions.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, September 21, 1865.

My knowledge of the condition of the Indians in Wisconsin is too limited to justify me in advising any specific action in this regard. General Pope must do the best he can.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Madison, July 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication from Nathan Johnson and others, of Union, Waupaca County, Wis., relative to threats and depredations of Pottawatomie and Menominee Indians in that vicinity, and would respectfully recommend that these Indians be looked after by the General Government and removed, in accordance with suggestions contained in said communication.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MARBLE, WAUPACA COUNTY, WIS., June 25, 1865.

His Excellency J. T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin:

SIR: We, the undersigned, residents of the town of Union, county of Waupaca, feeding ourselves aggrieved by the near proximity of roving bands of Pottawatomie and Menominee Indians, who are at present,

