
to the number of 500, encamped in our neighborhood, take the liberty to state to You some of the facts in the case and pray that some means may be taken to remove these Indians to some uninhabited place. Although they have committed no act of open hostility, they have, by threatening women and children whose protectors have not yet returned from the war, rendered themselves a source of terror to the scattered settlers of this place. They have also a large number of horses that, regardless of fences, have destroyed a large portion of our crops, thus rendering our means of subsistence, for the coming year at least, precarious. We submit these facts for Your consideration, trusting that Your wisdom will devise some means to alleviate our grievances.

We are, sir, Your obedient servants,

NATHAN JOHNSON.

[AND TWENTY-SEVEN OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., July 2, 1865.

Honorable JAMES T. LEWIS,

Governor of the State of Wisconsin, Madison:

SIR: Your letter of the 30th ultimo, inclosing communication of sheriff of Marathon County, of 20th ultimo, has been received by Major-General Pope, and I am directed by him to reply as follows: Inclosed You will find copy of a telegraphic dispatch from Mr. C. E. Mix, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on the subject of Indians in the State. It was sent in reply to a request made by General Pope that they should be removed from Wisconsin. You will perceive from the dispatch in question, that the Interior Department not only declines to have anything to do with these Indians, but notifies General Pope that if he interferes with them he will have them on his hands. It is believed that if the Interior Department has not charge of Indians, on other department of the Government has. Why the Interior Department has left and still leaves these Indians in Wisconsin without an agent, without means, and disavows all responsibility for such an extraordinary course, is not known. Of course, against any hostile combinations of these Indians against the whites in this State, the commander of this department will take all the measures at his command; but with cases of mere personal violation of law, committed by single Indians in any town or settlement in Wisconsin, the State laws and the State authorities must deal. These Indians should be removed from the State, and General Pope has several times urged the matter at Washington, with what result You see from the dispatch above referred to. If the Indian Mitekaunish belongs to the tribe having reservations on Lake Superior the proper reference of this complaint is to the Indian agent in that region, who has exclusive jurisdiction of these Indians. General Cook has sent to Bayfield and Superior to inquire into the condition and disposition of the Chippewas in that region. If the Indian in question belongs to the tribe in that region please inform me, and General Cook will be instructed to see that the Indian agent brings him to punishment. It is suggested, however, that the State laws and authority are amply sufficient to deal with such isolated cases as the one now presented.

I habe, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

