
[Sub-inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 2, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

SIR: Your telegram of yesterday received this day and referred to Secretary of the Interior, who informs me that he has submitted the same to the Secretary of War and directs that I should advise You that no Winnebagoes escaped in their transit to their new home; that the Indians You are pursuing are old residents of Wisconsin, and that this office has neither agents nor money to take care of those Indians, and that if You arrest them they will be on Your hands.

CHAS. E. MIX,

Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN,Milwaukee, August 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with special orders from these headquarters, dated August 15, 1865, I proceeded on the 16th instant to Union Township, Waupaca County, Wis., for the purposes directed in said order. Upon an investigation of two days I found that in that and adjoining townships there are roving bands of Indians of the Menominee, Pottawatomie, and Chippewa tribes numbering perhaps 400 or 500, who have become in consequence of depredations hereinafter mentioned a pest and nuisance to the community in which they are for the time encamped. To complete this investigation I visited many of the citizens and heard a very uniform statement respecting their conduct. Among the many depredations committed by them may be enumerated such as follows: Encamping in large numbers in the vicinity of and sometimes upon the farms of the settlers; allowing their droves of ponies free occupation of pastures and fields and, in some instances, opening fields of growing crops and driving in their animals to graze; tearing up bridges and in many ways obstructing the highway to prevent their horses from straying; keeping large quantities of vicious dogs, which prowl about the country, killing sheep, &amp;c. ; committing all manner of petty thefts, such as taking bells off of cattle and horses, killing pigs and calves, carrying away cooking utensils, garden vegetables, wearing apparel, bed clothes, &c. ; occupying school-houses and barns and other buildings which for the time may be untenanted, for themselves or their animals, and if objection is made threatening the owners with violence; threatening women and children when found alone, thereby preventing either from remaining at home or going abroad without protection, and in many other ways keeping the neighborhood in constant alarm. It appears to be evident from their course of conduct and what they have been heard to say, claiming the country as their own and declaring that they "will fight before they will leave it," that they intend to so constantly annoy the citizens whom they at present greatly outnumber that it will be necessary for their natural enemies, the white men, to leave their homes, which have cost them years of toil to make somewhat comfortable, after purchasing from the Government of the United States. Not being called upon by the order above mentioned for anything more than a statement of facts as

