
another winter I verily believe many of them would die of fear alone should sickness break out among them again as it did last winter.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HORSE SHOE, September 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

Arrived here to-day on my return from Powder River. That posts is well located; right in heart of Indian country, and is an important post. The Indians' trails all cross at or near it, and it will have good effect hereafter in holding in check Indians. Have not heard from General Connor since August 24. We cannot reach him now. They have done good deal of work on Powder River; got up stockade and commenced quartermaster buildings: well under way. Great lack of quartermaster's stores up there, the Powder River stores not having reached Laramie yet. From Laramie to Powder River, then to Virginia City, is an excellent wagon road; good grass, water, and wood all way, and the most direct road that can be got. The travel over it in another season will be immense; it saves at least 450 miles in distance. After the Indians attacked Colonel Sawyer's wagon-road party and failed in their attempt, they held a parley. Colonel Bent's sons, George and Joe Bent, appeared on part of Indians, and Colonel Sawyer gave them a wagon load of goods to let him go undisturbed, Captain Williford, commanding escort, not agreeing to it. The Indians accepted proposition and agreed to it, but after receiving goods they attacked party; killed three men. Bent said that there was one condition on which the Cheyennes would treat, viz, the hanging by Government of Colonel Chivington. He also said that the Indians considered that they were strong enough to fight Government; preferred to do it; that they knew Government would withdraw troops in fall; then they would have it all their own way again. Expressed great fear about Connor, and said they were concentrating everything to meet him, which is true. Since he left no Indians have troubled the mail or telegraph line, but are all moving north, stragglers and all. At Fort Connor they kill a few of them as they pass every few days. There is one band of Arapahoes in Medicine Bow Mountains, who are committing depredations around Denver, on Cache la Poudre and Big Thompson Creeks. The belong to the band that were at Cow Creek treaty. I shall be in Laramie to-morrow; see General Wheaton; thence to Denver. Bent also said that some of tribes had agreed to make peace on Missouri River, but they were doing this to keep us from sending a force that way. These Bent boys were educated in Saint Louis. One has been with Price in rebel army; was captured. His father got him released and took him to his ranch on Arkansas River, when he joined the Cheyennes, of which he is a half-breed. He was dressed in one of our staff officer's uniforms.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

