
hour, commencing at 12 am., and for one hour, commencing an hour before sundown. All public property within this command will be at once appropriately draped in mourning.

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

P. J. MALONEY,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Act, Asst. Adjt. General

THIBODEAUX, April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant MALONEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

I have just received the following from Donaldsonville:

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following just received:

"Colonel W. O. FISKE,

"Commanding U. S. Forces at Donaldsonville:

"COLONEL: I would respectfully ask for an armistice of ten days for the purpose of ridding this country of jayhawkers, who are roaming about nightly, robbing citizens of their property, claiming to belong to your or my command, and I think it is our duty to stop them.

"I am, colonel, yours, with respect,

"H. M. U. C. BROWN,

"Captain, Commanding Detachment Seventeenth Arkansas Cavalry. "

What shall I do?

J. M. HILDRETH,

Major, Commanding Post.

To which I have replied:

Major HILDRETH,

Commanding Post Donaldsonville:

Your telegram received. Inform Brown that his request will not be considered or granted. It is a well understood fact that Brown is not recognized by the regular Confederate military authorities, and it is believed he is now acting in his present capacity without legitimate orders, the same as any other outlaw or guerrilla. We know of no horse or mule stealing or other, the same as any other outlaw or guerrilla. We know of no horse of mule stealing or other pillaging of any consequence being done in the La Fourche country, except by the gang controlled by Whitaker, Brown, and King, all of whom claim Confederate authority, and they are the men we wish to rid the country of above all others.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 14. Baton Rouge, La., April 19, 1865.

The nation mourns. Abraham Lincoln, late President of the United States, is dead. He fell by the ruthless hand of an assassin just as his labors were being crowned with success. The whole civilized world will mourn his loss. Like Israel's great leader, he was shown the deliverance of his people, and then the light went out from his eyes forever. But he lives in the memory of all who love their country, and will be named with reverence by the good and great in all time to come. In consequence of this deplorable event no public business will be transacted this day at any of the public offices in this division, and the

