
roofs and putting doors and windows to the stone walls which Remained of some of the buildings of the old Fort. There are but two companies at that point now. In my opinion, they should be kept there to protect the settlers who have flocked into that interesting and fertile portion of New Mexico. A few straggling parties of Apaches continue at intervals to prowl through the Sacramento Mountains, coming up from the northwestern portion of Texas or from the country to the west. Until these are destroyed or captured it would not be prudent to abandon Fort Stanton.

Fifth. Fort Marcy is at Santa Fe, N. Mex. It has quarters for two companies, but at present is only occupied by a few men who do escort duty and guard the public stores.

Sixth. Albuquerque is a central position with reference to country at large. In my opinion, until all the Indians are subdued, two companies of cavalry should be kept in hand at this point for scouts in different directions. It is in the midst of a cheap forage district, a matter of great importance in this country, where grain forage is always expensive, and sometimes so scarce that corn has to be transported from the States for public use. This is the case this year. At present a battery of four pieces of artillery (Company A, Third U. S. Artillery) is stationed at Albuquerque. Now that the civil war is over this battery had better be sent to Fort Summer, where it well exert a wholesome influence over the Indians at that post.

Seventh. Los Pinos is twenty miles below Albuquerque. This place was rented by General Canby from Governor Connelly at over $5,000 per annum rent, and the intention was to make a quartermaster's depot here, but this idea was abandoned, and the War Department ordered that the depot should be made at Fort Union, as before stated. The contract for the rent of the place was for five years from the 15th of May, 1862, and has no clause for giving up the place before the expiration of that period. There is one company occupying the place to see that it does not go to ruin and thus bring the Government to a heavy charge for damages, but there is no other necessity why it should be occupied, and that company is greatly needed elsewhere. The chief quartermaster is endeavoring to arrange with Governor Connelly for him to receive the place back by the Government paying for a few more months' rent and let the premises be given up.

Eighth. Fort Wingate is a two-company post which I established in the old Navajo country on the road to Fort Mojave, Ariz., in the fall of 1862. The plan approved by the War Department was originally for four companies, but after the Navajo Indians were whipped and had surrendered it was found not to be necessary to have over two companies for its garrison. This post is about eighty-five miles west of the Rio Grande and is on the mail route to Prescott, Ariz. It helps control the wandering parties of Apaches, who sometimes venture in from the White Mountains and the Mountains, near the head of the Colorado Chiquito, and has a wholesome influence on the Laguna, Acoma, Zuni, and Moqui pueblos of Indians. I think it ought to be kept up at least for a few years.

Ninth. Fort Craig is a field-work of the second class, and has quarters for four companies. At this point I had store-rooms made to hold 400,000 rations in reserve and independent of the stores for the current wants of the post. Fort Craig is situated on the right bank of the Rio Grande, 178 miles south Santa Fe. It is an important point, and should be garrisoned by two companies of infantry and two of cavalry. It controls the Indians who make raids into the neighboring

