
settlements from the mountainous country around the headwaters of the Gila and the Mimbres Rivers. This post is now garrisoned by two companies of infantry and one of cavalry.

Tenth. Fort McRae is at the Ojo del Muerto, some thirty-five miles south of Fort Craig, and serves to give protection to travelers on the Jornada del Muerto. It is about miles in a right line from the left bank of the Rio Grande, and about four miles in a right line from the main road crossing the Jornada. The post is in a gorge through which the Indians were accustomed to drive stock stolen from the people living east of the Rio Grande. It was established by myself in 1863, and as yet the quarters are but a temporary character. In my opinion this post should not be abandoned, but should eventually be well constructed and calculated for one company of infantry and one of cavalry. At present its garrison is a company of infantry, half mounted. The mountainous country between the Rio Grande and the head of the Gila, in which Indians take refuge, is easily reached from this post whenever the Rio Grande is fordable, which is, say, ten months in a year. The troops from this post can easily cross and penetrate the San Andres Mountains, skirting the eastern edge of the plain over which lies the Jornada del Muerto.

Eleventh. Fort Selden in on the left bank of the Rio Grande at Robledo, the point where the road called the Jornada del Muerto in going south first strikes the river. It is calculated for a company of infantry and a company of cavalry, was established by myself in the spring of 1865, and is now building. It will probably be nearly completed by the 1st of next January. This is considered as an important point for the protection of travelers, as well as to protect the flocks and herds of the people living along the Rio Grande in what is called the Mesilla Valley. Here we have a ferry across the river, and from this point a new road will be opened to Goodsight Station, on the main stage route of the old overland line (now abandoned) from Mesilla to California.

Twelfth. Fort Cummings is built at Cooke's Springs, at the eastern end of Cooke's Canon, directly on the road from Mesilla to Tucson, and completely controls that old resort of tthis canon, until Fort Cummings was established, the Apaches made frequent and fatal attacks on small parties of travelers, and once killed the driver and every passenger upon the stage, some nine in all. Except Apache Pass, in Arizona, it was by far the most dangerous point on the southern route to California. It was established by myself over a year ago, is calculated for a company of infantry, and, say, half a company of cavalry, and should, in my opinion, be kept as long as the Apache Indians infest the country about the head of the Mimbres and Gila Rivers, in the Burro and Florida Mountains, or in the country about Lake Guzman.

Thirteenth. Franklin, Tex. The garrison of this post is at present two small companies of the Fifth U. S. Infantry. The quarters have been those which were vacated by men who went south. Some of them, belonging to Union men, have been rented. This place is ordered to be abandoned on the 15th proximo, when the troops will reoccupy Fort Bliss, a mile below Franklin, on the left bank of the Rio Grande. When the Texan forces under Sibley abandoned Fort Bliss it was nearly destroyed. All the doors and windows and all movable lumber were stolen and carried off, leaving the post in ruins. This post was on the private grounds of a man named Magoffin, a brother of Governor Magoffin, of Kentucky. He went South. The War Department approved of its being repaired and the work of putting it into habitable order has been progressing

78 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II.

