
since last June. It will be quite finished this year. The general commanding the department may consider it as occupied and Franklin abandoned by the time he will receive this communication. These are all the posts at present occupied by troops in this district. There is a temporary camp called Camp Nichols on the Cimarron route to Missouri, at present garrisoned by there companies, and two other companies are escorting trains on the States roads. On the 1st of next November that camp is to be abandoned, when the companies there and the two with trains will come in and be for distribution in other parts of the district. It is my intention this fall and next winter to make war upon the Mimbres Apaches, a small band of very bad and aggressive Indians. For this purpose a camp will be established on the Mimbres River, where hay will be put up. The subsistence stores to furnish, say, four companies to be sent on this duty, are nearly all en route to Fort Cummings, where they will be kept it store and be drawn upon from time to time as they may be needed by the troops in camp on the Mimbres, or those scouting against the Indians from the latter point. This is the only hostile operation at present determined upon. Sudden outbreaks of Indian prisoners or inroads or aggressions of tribes around and in the Territory may necessitate other movements; but these are only contingencies. They may not occur. I inclose herewith a return of the troops in and pertaining to this district. I also inclose an other showing distances between important points in and connected with New Mexico. I beg to be informed fully of the wishes of the commanding general with reference to what he desires to have done, and to say that I will endeavor to carry out all this views to the best of my ability.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 25. Vicksburg, Miss., September 16, 1865.

In order to avail himself of leave of absence which has been granted him, the undersigned hereby relinquishes command of this department. Until further orders the command will devolve on Major General P. J. Osterhaus, the senior officer present on duty.

H. W. SLOCUM

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 26. Vicksburg, Miss., September 18, 1865.

Pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 25, current series, from these headquarters, I hereby assume command of the Department of Mississippi.

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 27. Saint Louis, Mo., September 19, 1865.

In accordance with the terms of General Orders, Numbers 251, 1864, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, the Districts of Kansas,

