
with other detachments or regiments. Northern Texas will be controlled in the same way for Austin City. This method will be more effective than permanent posts with dissatisfied troops. The troops in Texas are very anxious to be mustered out, and as the War Department has thrown all the responsibility on me, I am annoyed by Governors of States and friends of the soldiers at home. I wish regular troops could be sent to replace these men, or new organizations raised for a limited time. I could spare more troops were it not for the threatening force required on account of the troublesome state of affairs in Mexico. I am pretty well posted on the condition of things there and will communicate by letter to You.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 22, 1865. (Received 4. 30 p. m. 23rd.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: Should Slocum's resignation be accepted, I want a good commander for the Department of Mississippi, and would respectfully suggest Generals Getty or Gibbon. I have great confidence in Getty and would prefer him, but would be satisfied with Gibbon.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CENTRAL CITY, September 27, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, and

Major J. W. BARNES,

Fort Leavenworth:

On August 28 General Connor surprised Medicine Man's band of Indians on Tongue River; killed 50, captured village, all winter provisions, and 600 horses-all the stock they had. On the 1st of September the right column, under Colonel Cole, had a fight with the Sioux, Cheyennes, and Arapahoes on Powder River, and whipped them. On evening of the 3rd of September attacked them again, driving them down Powder River ten miles. Next morning at daylight attacked again, fight lasting until 10 a. m., when Indians were defeated with loss of 200 killed. They fled in every direction, losing large number of horses, camp equipage, provisions, &amp;x. On 8th instant Colonel Walker, commanding center column, who was in advance of Colonel Cole, met Indians in large force. Colonel Cole came up and, after a short but spirited engagement, they totally routed Indians, driving them in every direction with great loss, several of principal chiefs being killed in this fight. On the night of 9th of September a severe snow-storm raged, in which 400 of Colonel Cole's horses perished. I was in that storm on Powder River. It was very severe, and I lost several animals. Our total loss in all the engagements [sic] than 50 killed and wounded, including 1 officer. Colonel Cole or Colonel Walker had not communicated with General Connor and were on Powder River, but by this time they have communicated, as they had ascertained where General Connor's column was.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

