
DENVER, October 1, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

General Connor has arrived at Fort Laramie. His columns are at Fort Connor en route for Laramie. He says the Indians have been well chastised, but not sufficient, he fears, to compel them to behave. Says he should have continued campaign forty days longer if Cole and Walker had joined him and had not the orders to return by October 16 prevented it. Says the Arapahoes, who have been more troublesome than all other Indians combined, are thoroughly whipped and will cave in. He whipped them thoroughly-destroyed and captured everything they had. Colonel Cole and Colonel Walker lost heavily in stock perishing, and their commands lived several days on horse and mule flesh. Two-thirds of the command is barefooted. General Connor says a force of 1,500 should be left at Fort Connor to make a winter campaign to insure a final settlement. The Sioux say they are going to Missouri River to make treaties of pease, but says he doubts it.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

DENVER, October 1, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Fort Laramie:

I congratulate You and thank You for the success You have met with. Please also extend my thanks to Your command for their success and for the fortitude they have shown under such trying circumstances and hardships.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[OCTOBER 2, 1865. -For Dodge to Wheaton, relative to peace negotiations with Indians in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 364.]

WASHINGTON, October 6, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

New Orleans:

Relieve General Steele from duty, with thirty days' leave, to report by letter to the Adjutant-General for orders at the expiration.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 7, 1865.

(Received 1 a. m. 8th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

There is much dissatisfaction on the part of troops in Texas on account of muster out, leading to a disposition to destroy or take but little care of public property. I can spare a large number of infantry and cavalry so soon as the lieutenant-general deems the necessity of a threatening force obviated. I have already mustered out of the present strength of the Fourth Corps 3,000 men, and will muster out more,

