
as they are on an interior line, unless ordered to the contrary. I will muster out three regiments more of cavalry as soon as the Fourth United States gets here. The muster out of the colored regiments raised in the North is going on.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., October 7, 1865.

(Received 1 a. m. 8th.)

Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I see it published in the papers that a delegation from Louisiana represented great difficulty between the military and civil power in this State. There is no great trouble here. Politicians purposely get up difficulties with the provost-marshal in the Freedmen's Bureau in order to get persecuted if possible. In three or four instances they have accomplished their purpose, on account of bad management on the part of the provost-marshals, and have magnified a mole-hill into a mountain in order to be elected to the next Legislature or to Congress, or to some other fat office. I have advised department commanders to look out for the legitimate rights of the Government, for the military statutes, former injustice against freedman, and to give way to civil authority when their rights were not affected, for it is hard to enforce martial law after war has ceased and a form even of civil government is in existence. The Government should not allow itself to be deceived by ex parte representations.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 142. Washington, October 7, 1865.

I. The Department of Mississippi is hereby transferred from the Military Division of the Gulf to the Military Division of the Tennessee. The department commander will report to Major General G. H. Thomas accordingly.

II. The Territory of New Mexico is hereby transferred from the Department of California to the Department of the Missouri.

By order of the Present of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 143. Washington, October 7, 1865.

I. The headquarters Department of the Missouri are transferred to Saint Louis, Mo.

II. Major General Frederick Steele, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Department of the Columbia, and will proceed without delay to Fort Vancouver.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

