
major-general commanding requests all good citizens to take such measures to show their respect for the memory of the late President as they may deem fitting and proper.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT HUDSON,Port Hudson, La., April 19, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Northern Division of Louisiana:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 17th, at 12 midnight, I left this post for Jackson with the Fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Cavalry and one section of the Twelfth Massachusetts Battery. I entered Jackson at daybreak; captured Captain Lipscomb, commanding the place, and one Confederate soldier. I met with no force of any description. Received intelligence that Colonel Griffith with his command was stationed six miles this side of Liberty. I am of the opinion that the remaining force of Confederates in that vicinity are ordered away, as Captain Lipscomb had orders to report at Macon and I found documents ordering what he considered his most reliable scout and couriers to report to Colonel Gober at Clinton. I returned on the morning of the 18th without having a shot fired. I send Captain Lipscomb to you. Will send you the other prisoners at my earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 19, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I transmit herewith, through the General-in-Chief, a letter written some days since, but withheld until to-day in consequence of the awful calamity which has befallen the nation. The letters refers exclusively to civil affairs in Arkansas and embodies my opinions as to the best method of dealing with them. These views are submitted for your consideration, and if approved by you I would be glad to have the letter laid before the President at an early day, in order that the needed action be taken as soon as possible. The condition of civil affairs in Arkansas seems to me to demand speedy action. Of course I wish you to understand that I have not the slightest wish or purpose to propose or pursue any action in such matters not fully approved by you, and if you think any of the opinions or measures suggested unwise or inexpedient I hope you will so inform me, and retain in your own hands the letter to the President. I need not say that I consider you the best judge of measures likely to be acceptable to the President, and of course if you consider that what I propose is not likely to meet his approval I do not desire that he shall be troubled with my letter. I hope some speedy policy may be adopted for

