
are good soldiers, in good discipline, and unless I can reorganize them at once I fear we shall have great difficulty on the plains. Please answer.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 34. Saint Louis, Mo., October 10, 1865.

In accordance with orders from the War Department, the limits of this command are hereby extended so as to include the Department of New Mexico.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 13, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, New Orleans, La.:

You may go on with the muster out of volunteers as proposed in Your dispatch of 7th. The Sixth Regular Cavalry is ordered to report to You, and three or more regular infantry regiments will be sent, among them two or three battalion regiments.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 14, 1865-1. 15 p. m.

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I will send You four regiments of colored infantry, or more if they can be used to advantage, to take the place of white volunteers on the plains. Send them as far out as You can this fall. In the spring I think these troops can be used to advantage guarding the highways through Indian Territory and in New Mexico. Let me know if You think more than four of these regiments can be used to advantage.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, October 16, 1865.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Arrived at Leavenworth from Omaha yesterday. Expect General Dodge in from the plains. Since the enlargement of Pope's department Wisconsin should be added to Ord's. Even then there is no necessity of more than a few companies of artillery at the old lake posts, and all other troops in the Department of the Ohio might be discharged. We need more regulars out on the plains. Volunteers are all discontented and unreliable. I will be back to Saint Louis early next week.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 16, 1865.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

It is too late in the season to get troops out farther than Fort Kearny. Two regiments colored troops can be used this winter west

