
of Leavenworth to replace two regiments white troops. Two more could probably be used for the same purpose in New Mexico. They could be sent in the winter via Texas. In the spring all troops needed in Minnesota, on the Upper Missouri, the Platte, and in Utah and New Mexico might be colored troops. Two regiments (colored) can be used west of Leavenworth this winter.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, October 19, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.:

SIR: I feel myself obliged to call the attention of Your Excellency to certain facts that occurred this year on the Rio Grande, and which seem to be in exact opposition to the repeated assurances Your Excellency has given me concerning the desire of the Cabinet at Washington to preserve the most strict neutrality in the events now taking place in Mexico. It is scarcely necessary for me to add that I am convinced that the said facts occurred without the knowledge of the Federal Government, and that they must be the result of the negligence of subordinate agents. I do not hesitate, therefore, to inform You, convinced that it is only necessary to brig them to Your notice in order to prevent their future occurrence. The information conveyed to His Majesty's Government states that the dissenting forces of Cortina are recruiting many American colored persons, and that this partisan chief passes and repasses the Texan frontier whenever he pleases, going to Brownsville, Tex., to get whatever he needs. About the end of July last Cortina attacked the steamer Senorita on the river, loaded with cotton taken on board at Camargo and destined for Matamoras. The attack occurred on Texas ground, and the captured vessel was made fast to the Texan shore, where she has Remained in possession of the dissenters since the 27th of July. In the course of the same month a convoy of goods was to start for Monterey. Cortina, who was in Brownsville, heard of it and enlisted men to attack it. His armed troops crossed the river, and the convoy would have certainly fallen into his hands but for the vigilance of the Imperial authorities. In fine, it is well known that Cortina's men ride and walk around in the streets of Brownsville with ribbons in their hats indicating the number of the guerrilla band to which they belong. It would be difficult for neutrality to be more openly violated, and that facts more grave should occur to contrions which Your Excellency has given me in the name of Your Government. I will be very much obliged if You will cause to be issued the orders necessary to prevent the renewal of any such acts in future.

Accept the assurance of my distinguished consideration.

MONTHOLON.

WASHINGTON, October 19, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

New Orleans, La.:

I am ordering some colored troops to General Pope to take the place of white volunteers. He reports that some might be sent from Texas to New Mexico during the winter season. Answer if You concur in this view.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

