
practicable to send troops to New Mexico via Texas this winter, but even that would be very difficult and expensive. I see no way to relieve troops west of the posts named this winter. All volunteers in Minnesota will be at once mustered out and replaced by Tenth U. S. Infantry.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., October 28, 1865. (Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General RAWLINS:

I have assigned to General Pope the Second Cavalry and Third and Tenth Infantry, with orders to muster out an equal or greater number of volunteers. In like manner the battalion of Eighteenth Infantry and one battery of artillery is given to General Ord, who undertakes to dispense with all other troops in his department, with Wisconsin added. I renew my recommendation that Wisconsin be transferred to the Department of the Ohio. I think with one good regiment of regular infantry and one of cavalry we ought to muster out everything in Arkansas.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

The Tenth U. S. Infantry has reported, 250 men aggregate. The Third U. S. Infantry arrives to-day, having only ninety men, eighty of whom will be discharged this winter. I cannot relieve many volunteer regiments with these two regular regiments. When I telegraphed You I supposed them to be at least two-thirds full.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 27, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: It becomes my duty as the commander of the Department of New Mexico, lately merged into the District of New Mexico, to call through You the attention of the War Department to the gallant and meritorious services of certain officers of the regular and volunteer forces of this distant command during the last three years. I am persuaded that the War Department will not overlook the just claims of these gentlemen to some indication on the part of the Government that the important services they have rendered the country are officially and publicly recognized. This can be done by granting brevet commissions. I therefore beg respectfully to recommend as follows:

Regulars. - That Colonel John C. McFerran, who was the chief quartermaster and chief of staff at department headquarters, be breveted as brigadier-general of the Army for arduous, faithful, and meritorious service in New Mexico. (See General Orders, Numbers 18, series of 1865,

