
Volunteers. -That Colonel Christopher Carson, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, be breveted as brigadier-general of volunteers for gallantry in the battle of Valverde, and for distinguished conduct and gallantry in the wars against the Mescalero Apaches and against the Navajo Indians of New Mexico, and for his gallantry in his brilliant engagement with the Comanche and Kiowa Indians November 15, 1864, and for long, faithful, and meritorious services in New Mexico. Major William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to be breveted major of volunteers for his successful pursuit of and his gallantry in his engagement with Apache Indians in March, 1863; and lieutenant-colonel of volunteers for his distinguished gallantry in Colonel Carson's battle with the Kiowa and Comanche Indians on the 15th of November, 1864, and for his faithful and meritorious services. Major Emil Fritz, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to be breveted major (he was then captain) of volunteers for gallantry in the battle of the Adobe Fort, fought against the Kiowas and Comanches on the 15th of November, 1864, and for faithful and meritorious services. Major Albert H. Pfeiffer, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers (then captain), to be breveted as major of volunteers for gallantry in marching and fighting his way against Navajo Indians through the whole length of the Canon de Chelly, in January, 1864, and lieutenant-colonel of volunteers for his gallantry in battle with the Coyetero Apaches in Arizona in June, 1864, in which he was grievously wounded, and for his faithful and meritorious services. Major Edward H. Bergmann, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers (recently promoted), to be brevet major of volunteers for faithful and meritorious services in New Mexico. Captain Benjamin C. Cutler, assistant-general, U. S. Volunteers, to be breveted major and lieutenant-colonel of volunteers for zealous, faithful, and meritorious services as adjutant-general of the column from California in its march through the deserts, and as adjutant-general of Department of Mexico for over three years. Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, now commissioned major of the First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, to be breveted major of volunteers for gallantry in his battles with Apache Indians on the 25th of February and 7th of April, 1864, and for faithful and meritorious services in Arizona and New Mexico. Captain Cyrus H. De Forrest, Second Cavalry Colorado Volunteers (then first lieutenant), to be breveted captain of volunteers for distinguished gallantry in the battle of Apache Canon, March 28, 1862, where he helped the intrepid Lewis to capture and destroy the Texan train, and major of volunteers for faithful and meritorious services in New Mexico. Captain Lawrence G. Murphy, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, to be brevet major of volunteers for faithful and meritorious services in the Navajo war and in controlling the Mescaler Apaches at the Bosque Redondo. Captain William Brady, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, to be breveted major of volunteers for gallantry in his battle with Navajo Indians on the 1st of July, 1865, and for faithful and meritorious services in New Mexico. Captain George A. Burkett, then of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, now of the First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, to be breveted major of volunteers for gallantry in battle with the Apaches of Arizona on the 29th of May, 1864, and for faithful and meritorious services. First Lieutenant George H. Pettis, First Infantry California Volunteers, now adjutant First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, to be breveted captain of volunteers for distinguished gallantry in the battle of the Adobe Fort, November 15, 1864, against the Kiowas and Comanches,

