
in which battle he commanded a section of howitzers. First Lieutenant Antonio Abeytia, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, now captain in that regiment, to be breveted as captain of volunteers for gallantry in battle with Apaches in Arizona on the 24th of March, 1865. First Lieutenant John Slater, First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, to be breveted captain of volunteers for distinguished gallantry in pursuing and fighting Apache Indians in New Mexico, to rank from September 15, 1865, when the lieutenant was seriously wounded in battle with said Indians. Second Lieutenant Henry C. Rhodes, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, to be breveted first lieutenant of volunteers for distinguished gallantry as sergeant of California volunteers and as lieutenant in the New Mexico volunteers in frequent combats with Apache Indians in New Mexico. Second Lieutenant Henry H. Stevens, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, now first lieutenant in the First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, to be breveted first lieutenant of volunteers for distinguished gallantry in a battle with Apache Indians on the 3rd of May, 1864. Surg. James M. McNulty, U. S. Volunteers, to be breveted lieutenant-colonel and colonel of volunteers for faithful and meritorious services as medical director of the column from California in its hard march through the Yumaq and Gila deserts, as medical director and medical inspector of the Department of New Mexico, and for gallantry and distinguished services as medical director in the Second Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 28, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

New Orleans:

You may discontinue mustering out troops in Texas. Those who have been notified may go out, but reduce no further.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST MEXICO,October 28, 1865. (Via Denver November 6.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army:

Have received Your dispatch of 10th of October transferring Mexico to the Department of the Missouri. Have also received dispatch from General Pope ordering all California volunteers immediately to California, and ordering one regiment of New Mexico volunteers to be mustered out. It is utterly impracticable to obey General Pope's order until other troops are sent here. Have this day so informed him.

Messenger will wait at Denver for reply.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SANTA FE, N. MEX., October 28, 1865.

(Via Denver November 6.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: The Gila and Mimbres Apaches are at war with the people of this Territory, and an expedition is about starting against them. We

