
WASHINGTON, October 31, 1865.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

Your letter to General Rawlins, referring to the progress of the two Pacific railroads, has been received. I immediately saw the Secretary of War and had a conversation with him on the subject of urging that Government aid be given to both enterprises. He informed me that both roads had been accepted by the Government and were now in a fair way to be pushed forward. The subject of stationing troops to give the best protection to the overland lines of travel, and frontier and mountain settlements, will have to occupy Your attention. In making orders, or in recommending them to the President, I shall rely almost entirely upon Your suggestions so far as the territory embraced in Your command is concerned. In view of the rapid progress that is now being made by the two roads pushing west and the settlements which have sprung up in the last four years, I do not think it advisable to establish many permanent posts or to expend more money than is absolutely necessary to preserve the health of the men. I sent four regiments of colored troops to Pope with the view of having them sent as far west as possible. If more can be used to advantage I will send them. I believe these troops will do very well on the plains, much better than dissatisfied volunteers, and it may also furnish labor hereafter for our railroads and mining interests. Let me know if You can use more of these troops now. I telegraphed to Sheridan to know if troops could not be sent from the Rio Grande to New Mexico at this season of the year. He replied they cold not without very great expense and loss of life. Do You not think it practicable to discharge volunteers from the Department of Arkansas? In discharging troops give the preference to Illinois and Indiana troops when You can. About two-thirds of all the volunteers retained in service are from the States of Ohio, Iowa, and Illinois, and more from the two latter States than from Ohio. Recruits will be sent to You rapidly to fill up the regular organizations You now have. In view of winter being now near at hand, can You not anticipate this increase and discharge volunteers accordingly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., October 31, 1865

Lieutenant JOHN Q. LEWIS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Nebraska, Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 12, headquarters U. S. Forces, Kansas and the Territories, dated September 26, 1865, and received at these headquarters on the 7th instant, I have the honor to submit the following report of Indian depredations, &amp;c., in the sub-district since February 1, 1865. As I did not arrive in the district until July, my report must necessarily be a compilation from the scanty records of this office, and the circumstances that have existed since the receipt of the order have been very unfavorable even for a compilation. The following extract from a report of Colonel R. R. Livingston, then commanding the East Sub-District of Nebraska, dated Fort Kearny, February 18, 1865, contains an account of the most important outbreak of Indians during this year. *

---------------

* Extract omitted. For full text of Livingston's report, see Part I, p. 88.

---------------

