
separated from the train and were encamped alone. A detachment of cavalry reached the place of attack in a short time, and as it was impossible to follow the trail in the darkness the dead and wounded were conveyed to the nearest ranch and properly cared for. On following the trail next morning it was found that the Indians had first gone south, then doubled round, crossing the North Platte. The arrows, &amp;c., scattered around the attacked train indicated that the attacking party belonged to Little Thunder's and Spotted Tail's bands. Since October 1 attacks have been made on the road, but no detailed reports have been received. Although repairs of the telegraph line have undoubtedly been made, no data can be found in this office regarding the amount, &c., nor can any definite information be obtained as to what assistance has been rendered the overland stage line in recapturing stolen stock, &c. Regretting my inability to make a more full report,

I am, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

WM. R. BOWEN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of General Heath.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 42. Saint Louis, Mo., November 2, 1865.

I. The Military District of Iowa and the Military District of Dakota are hereby consolidated. The district thus formed will be designated and known as the District of the Upper Missouri.

II. Bvt. Major General Alfred Sully, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of the Upper Missouri. The headquarters of the district will be designated hereafter.

By command of Major-General Pope:

D. G. SWAIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, November 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding the Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of Your communication of the 22nd ultimo, and am glad You wrote me, as I must confess that for three or four weeks past I did not exactly understand on which side the land lay. What I have written in reference to the feeling in Mexico against Maximilian is correct. Nine and one-half tenths of the people are against him. He cannot collect taxes, and what money he gets in Mexico is from forced contributions on the merchants of the towns he happens to hold, and these towns may be considered in a state of siege, all communication with them being interrupted or entirely cut off by the Liberals. Substantially, he has no government and no party to support him. In reference to American emigrants to help the Liberals, some care and judgment must be exercised. The Rio Grande frontier is nearly a desert, and soldiers and emigrants will find it hard to live on frijoles and tortas, which is all the country can afford, and these not in abundance. In fact, those who come should bring everything with them, and, indeed, there are many difficulties to be surmounted until Matamoras is captured, in which event a port of entry is opened

