
bring every possible security and benefit out of the force and the muscle which You command and direct. Keep me fully advised of all You do.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. -Lieutenant Porter's detachment is ordered to join You. Send Your acting assistant surgeon to join Murphy at Stanton.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 12, 1865.

Major EMIL FRITZ,

Commanding Officer, Fort Stanton, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: You have doubtless heard of the escape of the Mescalero Apaches from the Bosque Redondo. Now is not the time for yourself or Your command to swap horses. Keep everything in order for fighting-everything on the alert. Help the people with all possible protection. Show in Your own person no boy's play now. Those Indians have got to be recaptured or killed, the men, and I want Your zealous help at once, and with no relaxation, to do it until it is done. Raise the whole of that part of the country to a determined spirit to get these Indians now, or they will never enjoy quiet or security. Keep a record of all You do. If the people will rise as one man the Indians will soon succumb; but if there is dillydallying and talk and no energy on the part of the troops and the people that part of the country might as well be given up to the Indians first as last. Tell the Aldoretes that I cannot use any clemency until the brother has given himself up and is with his company. Then I will consider the case. I want Lieutenant Edgar to do company duty and take the field. Lieutenant Haberkorn can act as adjutant as well as quartermaster and commissary, and when You are away, if necessary, as commanding officer. I wish You to see that Captain Baca takes the field and does his share also. You can have no drones about Your hive now; all must work.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., November 14, 1865.

(Received 6. 45 p. m. 15th.)

Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

On the 2nd instant the Fourth U. S. Cavalry left here fully equipped for San Antonio, and the Sixth U. S. Cavalry left fully equipped for Austin on 11th instant. Both regiments to be mounted at these places, respectively, with horses turned in by volunteer regiments mustered out.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

