
WASHINGTON, November 22, 1865.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs me to transmit the following extract from a telegram of General Sheridan's dated, New Orleans, November 20, 1865:

We have been subjected to the most violent abuse by the Imperial newspaper in Matamoras. It constantly calls the President the murderer of Mrs. Surratt. Some of our soldiers who were visiting Matamoras were arrested and put to work upon their fortifications and our officers and men were fired upon by their gun-boats. The most insulting letters from French officials have been addressed to General Weitzel and other officers.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 23, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Gulf, New Orleans:

Your communication of November 3, 1865, is at hand. You will place, as You suggest, the cavalry in such position as You can best forage them, and make such arrangements for pots in the spring as You think best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., November 26, 1865-1 p. m.

(Received 2. 35 p. m. 27th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I respectfully forward the following facts for Your consideration: The scheme for emigration to Mexico is now fully organized in the city of Mexico, with Captain Maury, Sterling Price, and General J. B. Magruder as the prominent men. They hold titles and honors from Maximilian, and are now officers of His Majesty's Government. Commissioners have been appointed for all the Southern States, and I think the commissions forwarded. I caught the commissioner for the State of Louisiana, and his commission is en route and will be received by me. This emigration scheme is not confined to emigrants from the Southern States, but extends to Europe, and was without doubt hatched by Louis Napoleon. This information is without question, and is a premonitory symptom of what I have for some time believed-that we never can have a fully restored Union, and give a total and final blow to all malcontents, until the French leave Mexico.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 1, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

New Orleans:

In view of probable action by Congress on Mexican affairs, do all You can to preserve strict neutrality pending such action.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

