
our lines unless a vigorous and earnest co-operation is exhibited by the forces east of the Atchafalaya. Whilst the Atchafalaya can be crossed from our side at nearly any place for over fifty miles, the roads debouching from its east bank are few and easily guarded and the points of shipment of cotton to New Orleans are well known and capable of being placed under absolute surveillance. These points of shipment are principally Hog Point above Morganza, and the Hermitage, Waterloo, and Lobock's Store below Morganza. At these points steamers from New Orleans land with impunity, receive cotton, and carry on trade. No interruption to or interference with these steamers have been permitted by Captain Ratliff or Lieutenant Collins; on the contrary, I am informed that for long time assurances have been given by these officers that the steamers will not be interrupted or interfered with, and that it is from these steamers that these officers principally obtain the newspapers which they send to headquarters. Hence when cotton crosses the Atchafalaya it is safe, and we actually have one instance where it was arrested by an officer from this side after its evasion of our lines and where the commanding officer east of the Atchafalaya peremptorily ordered and obtained its release. Whilst I make no criticism on the fact that these steamers are not interfered with, yet I think that our forces should at least take care that no cotton brought out from our lines without authority should be permitted to be shipped. There should be, according to reports, upward of 250 Confederate troops east of the Atchafalaya.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 32. Shreveport, La., April 3, 1865.

All officers and men delivered on parole in this department previous to this date are exchanged, and will immediately rejoin their commands.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 3, 1865.

Major General M. M. PARSONS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to instruct You to order Mitchell's brigade, of Your division, to this place at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 4, 1865.

Major General J. F. FAGAN,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: In reply to Your communication of the 31st ultimo, the commanding general directs me to say that he considers it important that Little Rock should be taken, and he consents to Your making the attempt proposed. With the knowledge You possess of the locality it may be practicable for You to get inside of the enemy's line of works

