
and destroy his depots of supplies. Whether You do more than this must be left to Your own judgment and discretion. The commanding general has directed 596 stand of arms to be turned over to Lieutenant Colonel Clay Taylor for the troops of Your district. He has ordered Shelby to halt at some point north of Marshall, where he can obtain forage and support You with part of his command. I am also instructed by the commanding general to say to You that he regrets that he cannot promise definitely that the corn You ask for shall be placed at Camden on the day specified by You. Inclosed is a copy of General Buckner's reply to his letter on this subject. The general commanding desires to be informed whether You will require any of Shelby's command. If so, what force, and when and where shall it be sent?

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, No. 14. Houston, April 4, 1865.

In pursuance of instructions from department headquarters, Major General J. B. Magruder assumes command of the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. Commanding officers of corps and divisions (cavalry or infantry), sub-districts, posts, separate brigades, regiments, battalions, or detached companies, will immediately, on the reception of this order, report by letter, through the proper channels, to these headquarters, designating the station and locality of their commands, their approximate effective force, the number armed and unarmed, the number of rounds of ammunition per man, or, in artillery, per piece, and the quantity and condition of transportation in each command. The medical director, chief quartermaster, and chief commissary will also send in reports of the quantity and locality of the supplies in their respective departments. The following officers are announced upon the staff of the major-general commanding the district: Lieutenant Colonel T. Scott Anderson, Provisional Army, C. S., acting inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Jack, assistant adjutant-general; Major Manning M. Kimmel, Provisional Army, C. S., acting assistant and inspector general; Captain Edmund P. Turner, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Stephen D. Yancey, assistant adjutant-general; Major George A. Magruder, chief of artillery; Major H. Wilke, chief of ordnance. Capts. W. A. Smith and A. H. May, assistant adjutants-general, and Capts. J. A. Galt and G. A. Thornton, acting assistant inspectors-general, are relieved from duty, and will report to Major General J. G. Walker. Major W. M. Stone, chief quartermaster, will continue temporarily on duty, and all other officers of the district staff will remain on duty until further orders.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform You that he has instructed General Fagan to hasten his arrangements for the

