
and as would carry out the views of Mr. Seldon. The united Indian nations and the wild prairie Indians might also make a treaty with each other in case the basis for a tripartite treaty cannot be agreed upon. In the selection of the representatives for the Indian nations You will of course not lose sight of the great importance of avoiding exciting their jealousy or wounding their pride, or offending their dignity. Upon this point, however, Your own thorough knowledge of the Indian character will be of great service to You. On the arrival of the commissioners you will confer unreservedly with them, and endeavor, as far as possible, to promote the most amicable relations between them as the representatives of the united Indian nations.

I have the honor to be, general, Your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

HOUSTON, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

Great outrages are being perpetrated on citizens in McLennan and Williamson Counties by Baird's command and others. No time to be lost. I propose that Shelby's command be ordered to sweep around that region on their march here, and bring as prisoners here the whole of Baird's command and all deserters and stragglers. Please give the orders to Shelby. I shall break up the organization and transfer the men to infantry. They are useless for McCulloch and

refuse to go. Action must be taken at once. Let me know where Shelby is. I will write to him. Please answer by telegraph.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General THROCKMORTON:

GENERAL: Since my letter to You of 21st ultimo it has been suggested that while it is especially important to Texas that friendly relations should be cultivated with the roving bands of wild Comanches of the prairies, yet owing to the many depredations they have at different times perpetrated upon the Texas frontier, and the continued state of warfare that has existed for so many years between the savage tribes and the frontiersmen of Texas, that it might not be politic to give Texas too great a prominence in the negotiation. The result of their many conflicts with the Texans has been to engender in their breasts distrust, suspicion, fear, and hatred of them. In order to do away as much as possible with these prejudices, and to open in the best manner the way to peaceful negotiations, it has been deemed proper to select also General Albert Pike, of Arkansas, who with yourself will constitute the commission representing the Confederate States. By these means the Government will be enabled to secure Your own valuable services and at the same time, by associating another commissioner from another State, will tend to conciliate the Indian chiefs and give the negotiation to their eyes at least a more national character than it would have were Texas alone represented. I am persuaded You will see the propriety of this course. I consider it due to You to explain the selection of General Pike. It is deemed best that You should both

