
meet at the headquarters of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper and repair thence, accompanied by the representatives of the friendly Indian tribes, to Council Grove at an early day.

I have the honor to be, general, Your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 25. In the Field, April 8, 1865.

I. This division will resume the line of march to-morrow at 6 a. m. in the same order in which the commands moved to-day, and will continue so to move without further orders to Marshall.

II. The troops will always march in four ranks when the roads will permit, and in two ranks when the condition of the roads will not allow them to be formed in four.

III. No soldier will be allowed to leave the ranks at any time or under any circumstances without permission from his company commander, and when a soldier desires to leave the ranks and has obtained the consent of his company commander so to do, he will deliver his gun to one of the men composing the file with which he is marching to be carried by him until his return.

IV. Brigade commanders will be held strictly accountable for the enforcement of the preceding paragraphs of this order. When any company commander fails to comply therewith he will be at once arrested by his regimental commander; and regimental commanders will in turn be arrested by the brigade commander when not enforced in their respective regiments.

V. Paragraphs II, III, and IV of this order will be rigidly enforced throughout the coming campaign.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General SHELBY,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Marshall, Tex.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that You will move with Your command in a north or northwest direction from Marshall to such point as You may find forage most abundant. The instructions sent to You to report to Major-General Wharton are revoked, and You are directed to report by letter to Major-General Fagan for instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HOUSTON, April 9, 1865-4 p. m.

General E. K. SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

Dispatch just received. Brigadier-General Slaughter relieved from duty in district and ordered to report to department headquarters for duty without delay.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

