
get her in safely, which he did. He returned to Havana and is expected here soon in command of a Confederate steamer. The steamer from England purchased in part by the proceeds of the sale of some of the vessels and cargoes, sent out at my suggestion, has arrived safely in Galveston with her cargo. It is understand that she was provided by the agent with a good captain for the whole voyage, and I am informed that at the request of Major Helm, Lieutenant Smith will bring in a valuable Confederate steamer, probably at the next dark of the moon. I had requested Lieutenant Smith to consult freely with Major Helm whilst at Havana and have no doubt that his bringing in the ship is at the request of Major Helm. It is proper to say of his way to Havana he had an interview with General Mejia at Matamoras, and having ascertained the exact line which separates the waters of the Confederate States from those of Mexico, he organized and put into execution a plan which resulted in the capture of the Sonora, the Ike Davis, and another steamer, all belonging to the enemy, besides a considerable number of sail vessels. It is well known that with the aid of Texas volunteers he captured the Harriet Lane and the barks Cavallo and Elias Pike, the Royal Yacht, and caused the commodore of the U. S. squadron to blow up his flag-ship. He bore a most distinguished part in the repulse by 42 men of 12,000 or 15,000 Federal troops at Sabine Pass and made efficient steamers of the war vessels Clifton and Sachem, which were captured on that occasion. His services are priceless, and yet he has received not a farthing of the large amount of prize money which is due him. I cannot but express my astonishment that Major-General Walker should have gone out of his way to find fault with a transaction so correct, so sensible, and so honorable on all sides as this.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 19. In the Field, April 9, 1865.

This division will resume line of march to-morrow, as directed in previous orders from these headquarters. The order of the trains, however, will be changed and will move in rear of the division in the following order: First, McNair's; second, Roane's; third, Tappan's; fourth, Hawthorn's.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEMINOLE CAMP, April 10, 1865.

[General D. H. COOPER:]

GENERAL: I submit the following for Your information:

I received on the 30th instant [ultimo] a note from the judge and sheriff of this county, stating that there was a party in armed opposition to the laws, and had orders from the governor to arrest them, and requested me to send them twenty-five of my best and most reliable warriors; in compliance of which I sent them all the men I could muster, numbering less than ten, and on return of this party I learned that the accused party were very prominent, good, southern men, and on further

