
examination found there is a personal feeling existing between them, and as my men are likely to get into difficulty I refused any further assistance, and informed the sheriff in regard to the same, and requested him to not call on me under such circumstances. As a friend to them all I did not wish to cultivate any ill-will with either party.

The sheriff is still in pursuit and has taken some horses belonging to my men and refuses to give them up, and as the horses belong to soldiers I think it very wrong and wish Your advice as to what would be best to do in regard to the matter. I will, however, inform the governor of the same. As a civil or military officer I am ready and willing at any time to give every assistance within my power for the good of the country or the common cause, but I think the case referred to is one of grievous nature and if not soon properly investigated will not be an easy matter to settle. Please use all means in Your power to have the thing brought to an understanding, and thus relieve the anxiety of their friends and neighbors, the Seminoles.

Yours, obediently,

JOHN JUMPER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment Seminoles.

P. S. -I wrote You a letter some time since in reference to some sugar and molasses. I would respectfully call Your attention to the same. By sending the same to me, You will greatly oblige, and I will settle for the hire of any private conveyance.

J. JUMPER.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY,SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Fort Towson, April 24, 1865.

Referred to Agents Heiston and Morrow who will investigate this matter and have it properly adjusted. The Chickasaw sheriff ought to call on Chickasaw authorities to enforce process. It is dangerous to bring one nation against another.

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General and Superintendent Indian Affairs.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., April 11, 1865.

Major General J. F. FAGAN,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Washington:

GENERAL: From information received of the scarcity of corn on the Bodeau, the general commanding, on the 8th instant, directed General Shelby to go a short distance northwest of Marshall for the purpose of foraging his horses and report to You for orders. In order to secure the results of a successful expedition the general commanding directs me to say that he will order a division of infantry to Your support if You desire it.

From Your information the general is desirous to know what amount of supplies the enemy have at Little Rock.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

[JOHN G. MEEM, Jr.,]

Aide-de-Camp.

