
1. The application for a white man to join any Indian company will be made through the proper channel to district headquarters, and will state fully his name, age, place of residence, and whether he has ever belonged to any company in the C. S. Army, and, if so, the authority for his discharge must be intelligently given. If he has not, and is within conscript age, a complete history of how he has avoided the service must be set forth. Intermediate commanders must indorse upon the application their approval or disapproval, and state all they know as to the applicant's fitness to be in an Indian command.

2. Commanding officers of Indian companies are strictly prohibited from receiving any white man in their companies without the consent of district headquarters, as above directed, and any violation of this order will subject the delinquent party to trial by a general court-martial, and the man recruited will have his name stricken from the rolls of the company and be sent beyond the limits of this Territory, or, if a deserter, confined in the guardhouse until such time as he can be turned over to his proper command.

3. Company commanders in Indian organizations will, without delay, make out lists of all white men belonging to their companies, giving their full names, ages, places of residence, and the length of time they have belonged to the company, and if absent from the company by what authority. These lists will be certified to by the company commander, and forwarded through the proper channel to the inspector-general's office of this district.

4. Regimental and brigade commanders will be held strictly responsible for the prompt execution of this order.

By order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES FRONT LINES,Lodi, April 13, 1865.

Major J. P. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Nothing has occurred since my report of yesterday to disturb the quiet along our immediate front. Colonel McNeill, Fourth Louisiana Cavalry, dispatches from Monroe on the 11th instant as follows:

A courier has arrived from Hamburg and says 150 Federals were near Monticello last Thursday; they burnt some houses and went back in the direction of Pine Bluff; they are reported scouting in that vicinity about every five days. A squadron of Colonel Campbell's regiment (Confederate) is camped at Hamburg. Rumors still come from within the enemy's lines of repeated assaults and repulses of the enemy at Spanish Fort near Mobile.

Respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Captain J. G. Clarke.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 26. Marshall, April 13, 1865.

I. In pursuance with Special Orders, No. 94, Trans-Mississippi Division, Major B. S. Johnson, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby relieved

