
from duty at these headquarters and will report to Brigadier-General Tappan for assignment to duty as major of the Twenty-seventh Arkansas Infantry.

II. Captain A. H. Sevier, assistant inspector-general, is hereby relieved from duty as assistant inspector-general and is announced as assistant adjutant general of this division. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

III. Captain J. J. Horner, assistant inspector-general of Tappan's brigade, is hereby relieved from duty with that brigade and is announced as assistant inspector-general of this division. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOUSTON, April 14, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Galveston:

Under Your order General Bee has dispatched two regiment to catch Baird's command. He telegraphs that Baird's command has marched for Cooke County. Shall the regiments go that far? Please answer.

THOS. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, &amp;C., No. -. Galveston, April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General J. M. Hawes, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby relieved from the command of the defenses of Galveston, and Colonel Ashbel Smith, Second Texas Infantry, is placed in command of the same. The staff of Brigadier-General Hawes, except his personal staff, will until further orders continue on their present duty.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, April 15, 1865.

Colonel W. D. REAGAN:

COLONEL: The commanding general instructs me to inform You that by authority vested in him by the War Department, under the direction of the President, he appointed Brigadier General J. W. Throckmorton, of the State of Texas, and Honorable Albert Pike, of the State of Arkansas, commissioners on the part of the Confederate States to meet in council with the tribes in alliance with them, and the Comanches and other wild tribes of the prairie, for the purpose, if practicable, of concluding a treaty of peace with the latter, as also an alliance offensive against the North. The council is to be held on the 15th of May, proximo, at Council Grove, Indian Territory, near the False Washita. Brigadier-General Throckmorton accepted the appointment, and has advised the commanding general that he is already en route to his point of destination, by the way of the headquarters of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper, commanding Indian Territory, where the commissioners were directed to

