
meet, and after conference with the latter, and concluding upon the course to be followed, were to proceed to Council Grove together. Major I. G. Vore, superintendent of Indian affairs for the Creeks, was also to accompany them. Brigadier-General Throckmorton is doubtless by this time at the headquarters of Brigadier-General Cooper. On account of reasons springing from family affairs, the Honorable Albert Pike had declined to accept the appointment or to act as such commissioner; and the commanding general, who made this selection on account of the high character of Mr. Pike and his intimate knowledge of the Indian character, and with the wild tribes in particular, springing from his previous official and personal communications with them, and having in view the possession of such necessary qualifications, as far as practicable, and being advised of Your capacity and acquaintance with many of the Indian tribes, has directed that You should be relieved temporarily from Your present duty as judge of the military court, and hereby appoints You commissioner on the part of the Confederate States, in the place of the Honorable Albert Pike, for the duty above mentioned. As the time is pressing and admits of no delay, it is not considered necessary that particular definite instructions should be given You, because by reference to the accompanying letters of Colonel Harrison to the Secretary of War, and of the latter to the commanding general and the correspondence on this subject between the general commanding and Governor Murrah, of Texas, Brigadier-General Cooper, commanding Indian Territory, and Brigadier-General Throckmorton, and the instructions given to the two latter, official copies of which are herewith sent You, You will at once see the whole scope of the proposed object to be effected. The powers conferred upon Brigadier-General Throckmorton are hereby conferred upon You, and the instructions likewise given him will be received and obeyed by You. As specially stated to the former, the tribes can be assured that the twenty-seventh article of the treaty of 1861, concluded between them and the Honorable Albert Pike, as commissioner on the part of the Confederate States, will be faithfully executed, and by reference to the official copy of the communication from the commanding general to Brigadier General Henry McCulloch, it will be seen that the proper instructions have been given already to enforce this article. As the meeting of the tribes will take place at such an early period, the commanding general requests that You will at once proceed to the place selected for the assembling of the council, passing en route by the headquarters of Brigadier-General Cooper, where You will meet with Brigadier-General Throckmorton, who has been informed of the non-acceptance by the Honorable Albert Pike of the commission and Your appointment; from thence You will proceed to the point proposed. You will find accompanying order relieving You temporarily from duty as judge of the military court, directing You to carry out these instructions; also the necessary orders to furnish You with necessary transportation. Major-General Fagan has been directed to detail some officer of the line for temporary duty as judge of the military court during Your absence. Relying upon Your known zeal and great energy of character, the general trusts that You will at once enter upon the discharge of Your duties as commissioner, feeling assured that Your action as such will meet his full concurrence and recommendation for approval to the President, as well as that of Your co-commissioner. The commanding general desires that You will keep him advised from time to time of Your proceedings.

I remain, colonel, with great respect, Your obedient servant,

[C. S. WEST,]

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

