
making application for the renewal of the details of agriculturists and of men detailed as mechanics, artisans, or persons of scientific skill, other than those in the service of the Government, until the 1st of July, 1865.

II. So much of General Orders, No. 27, current series, Trans-Mississippi Department, as places the detail of men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, unfit for field service but fit for staff duty, under the direction of the Superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription, is hereby revoked, and all such details will be made by the generals of reserves.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 17, 1865.

Major-General PARSONS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to instruct You to move Your division to Collinsburg at once.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 27. Marshall, April 18, 1865.

I. Officers commanding companies or detachments laboring on the fortifications at this place will always prepare and take with them to the work a roll of the men under their command.

II. Paragraph I, General Orders, No. 10, from these headquarters, is hereby revoked and paragraph I, General Orders, No. 7, will again, when the troops are not laboring on the fortifications, be strictly enforced.

III. It having been reported to these headquarters that the soldiers of this division have been committing depredations upon and otherwise annoying the citizens in the vicinity of Marshall, brigade commanders are directed to place strict guards around their respective commands when not engaged on the fortifications and adopt such other measures as they think most effectual in keeping their men in camps and preventing further molestation of the citizens living in the vicinity of their respective encampments. A cavalry patrol will be sent out daily from these headquarters to arrest all persons found depredating or who are absent from their commands without written permission from brigade or division commander.

IV. Brigade commanders are empowered to grant passes to their men for twelve hours, but will only do so when, in their opinion, the object for desiring such pass, which must always be given in the application, entitles the applicant to receive the same.

V. Quartermasters and assistant quartermasters of this division, or their agents, are hereby directed not to impress any corn or fodder which the owner may have obligated himself to deliver to Major G. D. Alexander, in charge of the arsenal at Marshall.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

