
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 39. Shreveport, La., April 19, 1865.

I. The District of Arkansas and West Louisiana will hereafter form one command, and be known as the District of Arkansas and West Louisiana, under the command of Lieutenant General S. B. Buckner.

II. During the temporary absence of the general commanding the command of the department will devolve upon Lieutenant General S. B. Buckner. Communications for department headquarters will be addressed to Shreveport, La., as heretofore.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES FRONT LINES,DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,

Lodi, April 20, 1865.

Captain J. G. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The reports from the front are "all quiet" along the lines. I forwarded this morning nine Federal prisoners captured by Captain Carmouche near Morganza (seven on 6th and two on 8th) and two citizens captured recently, one on Teche, the other near the Mississippi in the parish of Ascension, the charges against whom will accompany them. Lieutenant-Colonel Purves, Third Louisiana Cavalry, reports having captured a few days since (date not given) five flats with 117 bales of cotton en route for Vidalia, which he burnt. With the cotton he captured some citizens (number not given) and an escaped prisoner (name not given) from Shreveport. He reports a large amount of cotton having gone to the Federals from Catahoula Parish. It went down Big Bayou into Lake Larto, thence into Larto Bayou and the Sabine into Red River below the raft. This route seems to be a continual line of communications between the jayhawkers and the Federals. Colonel Purves has not a sufficient number of men to picket that system of bayous and lakes effectively.

Respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major J. P. Smith.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, No. 28. Marshall, April 20, 1865.

I. The major-general commanding will review the troops of this division, weather permitting, on Saturday, 22nd instant, on the race ground near the encampment of the artillery battalion. The troops will be upon the field promptly at 10. 30 a. m. The position of each brigade will be designated by Major Horner, assistant inspector-general, who will be upon the ground at 10. 30 a. m. for that purpose.

II. The details for labor upon the fortifications will, upon the day appointed for review, Saturday, be suspended.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

