
the army and patriotic citizens of Texas to sent an example of devotion, bravery, and patriotism, worthy of the holy cause of liberty and independence, and of the great efforts heretofore made by the army and the people of Texas to advocate and uphold it. The enemy threatens our coast and will bring his great undivided resources for a successful invasion of the State. Let him be met with unanimity and Spartan courage, and he will be unsuccessful, as he has been in Texas. Let him be met at the water's edge, and let him pay dearly for every inch of territory he may acquire. Six hundred Frenchmen under the First Napoleon recaptured France from her enemies. Forty-two Irish soldiers, on our own soil, drove 15,000 men to sea. The Army of the Trans-Mississippi Department is larger, in finer order, and better supplied than ever. There are no navigable streams in Texas, therefore the enemy will be divested of the great power of steam, which he has elsewhere relied upon. Crops have been bountiful; our armies can therefore be supplied in almost any part of Texas. There is no reason for despondency, and if the people of Texas will it, they can successfully defend their territory for an indefinite period. The major-general commanding therefore exhorts the soldiers of the army to stand firmly by their colors, and obey the orders of their officers, and recommends to the citizens that they devote themselves still more fully to the cultivation of breadstuffs; for should our armies be unsuccessful in the east, every gallant soldier will rally to the banner of the Confederacy, which will still float defiantly west of the Mississippi River.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 41. Shreveport, La., April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General W. R. Boggs is, at his own request, relieved from duty as chief of staff, and will report to Lieutenant-General Buckner, commanding District of Arkansas and West Louisiana, for assignment to duty.

In transferring General Boggs to the important duties of his new position, the general commanding desires to return his acknowledgments to that officer for the zeal and ability he has displayed and the benefit which he has conferred upon the public service in the discharge of the arduous duties which have heretofore devolved upon him.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 97. Shreveport, La., April 24, 1865.

I. Brigadier General H. P. Bee is relieved from duty with the cavalry, and will report to Major-General Magruder, for assignment to the command of the infantry brigade now commanded by Colonel Terry, Maxey's division.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

