SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., N0.116. Houston, April 26, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

XIX. Colonel C. C. Gillespie is assigned to the command of the post of Houston, and will at once proceed with his regiment to that place, relieving Colonel A. W. Spaigh's regiment. Colonel A. W. Spaight, upon being relieved by Colonel Gillespie, will proceed with his regiment to Galveston and relieve the Twentieth Texas Infantry, Colonel H. M. Elmore, who will at once take post with his regiment in the vicinity of Harrisburg, reporting on his arrival to Brigadier General J. E. Harrison, commanding First Brigade of Maxey's division of infantry.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 42. Shreveport, La., April 27, 1865.

I. The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES, No. 3. February 11, 1865.

The discipline and efficiency of the army have been greatly impaired by men leaving their proper commands to join orders in which they find service more agreeable. This practice is almost as injurious in its consequences as the crime of desertion, and the Articles of War expose the offender to a similar punishment, and subject the officer receiving him to dismissal from the army. It is, therefore, declared that the provisions of General Orders, No. 2, of this date, from Army Headquarters, apply to such men as have left their proper commands and joined others without being regularly transferred, who will receive the pardon promised by that order, upon complying with its conditions, or suffer the consequences attached to neglecting it. The names of such absentees will be forthwith reported to these headquarters by the officers with whom they are serving, and immediate measures will be taken to return them to their proper commands. As soon as practicable an inspection will be made, and charges will be preferred against those who neglect to enforce this order.

R. E. LEE,

General.

II. General Orders, No. 2, Headquarters of the Armies of the Confederate States, having been published in this department in General Orders, No. 36, current series, it is announced, by authority of the Secretary of War, that all enlisted men of this army who are improperly absent from their commands, except those guilty of deserting to, or arrested in the act of deserting to, the enemy, or who have deserted after having been once pardoned for the same offense, or who shall hereafter desert or absent themselves without authority, who shall within twenty days from this date voluntarily rejoin their commands, or deliver themselves to any regularly appointed enrolling officer, provost-marshal, or any officer on duty, to be forwarded to their commands, shall be entitled to and receive the benefit of the pardon promised by the General in Chief, on authority of the President of the Confederate States.

III. General Orders, No. 2, Headquarters Armies of the Confederate States, published in this department in General Orders, No. 36, current series, by authority of the President, applies to enlisted men who are undergoing sentence, or trial on charges, or are in arrest for desertion

