
subject connected with our situation, and am happy to have had my own views confirmed by his right and enlightened judgment. I have requested him to communicate to You all that I have said. His opinions on public matters will doubtless commend themselves to Your favorable considerations, as they have done to mine.

With assurances of the highest respect, believe me, general, Your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 30, 1865.

P. S. -Since writing the above I have received a very interesting letter from Colonel Ford, extracts from which I forward for Your information. They confirm fully the propriety of the views above expressed, and give strong additional reasons that the step which I urge shall be taken at once.

J. B. M.,

Major-General, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, No. 118. Houston, April 28, 1865.

I. Several changes having become necessary in the organization of Maxey's division of infantry, as announced in paragraph XXIII, Special Orders, No. 105, current series, the following is published as the final arrangement:

First Brigade (Brigadier General J. E. Harrison)-Twentieth Texas Infantry, Colonel H. M. Elmore; Seventeenth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Colonel T. F. Tucker; Hardeman's battalion dismounted cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel P. Hardeman; Fifteenth Texas Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Daniel.

Second Brigade (Brigadier General H. P. Bee)-Terry's regiment dismounted cavalry, Colonel D. S. Terry; Thirty-first Regiment Texas Infantry, Colonel F. J. Malone; Border's regiment, Colonel J. P. Border; Merrick's battalion, Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Merrick; Twentieth Texas Dismounted Cavalry [Battalion], Major J. R. Johnson; First Battalion Texas Sharpshooters, Major James Burnet.

Third Brigade (Brigadier General J. B. Robertson)-Twenty-third Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Colonel N. C. Gould; Martin's regiment dismounted cavalry, --- ---; Eighth Texas Infantry, Colonel A. M. Hobby; Baylor's regiment dismounted cavalry, Colonel George W. Baylor.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, April 29, 1865.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

I must have some reliable cavalry; the little I have is scattered all over the State. Walker ought to be under my command. We must have unity. The men are deserting by tens and twenties a night.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

