
II. When replying to letters, or referring to orders issued from department headquarters, officers must be particular to state the number of the letter, or the number and paragraph of the order.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 9, 1865. -For Thompson to Davis, in regard to surrender of Confederate forces, see Part I, p. 232.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, May 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General ROBERTSON,

Commanding Reserves of Texas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that it has indirectly come to his knowledge that You, upon the expectation of being soon actually relieved by Brigadier-General Greer, who has been assigned to the command of the Reserves of Texas, declined to attend to any new business appertaining to Your office. Such a course brings the business to a dead stop. The general commanding desires You to continue in the discharge of the duties of the general of reserves of the State of Texas until You are actually relieved by Brigadier-General Greer in person.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

[C. S. WEST.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 44. Shreveport, La., May 10, 1865.

The following promotions are announced, to take effect from this date: Brigadier General Harry T. Hays, to be major-general. Captain John E. Garey, acting quartermaster, to be lieutenant-colonel in the quartermaster's department.

II. The chiefs of the several sub-departments of the quartermaster's department, including the inspector of field transportation, will report to and receive their instructions from Lieutenant Colonel John E. Garey, chief quartermaster, Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES FRONT LINES,May 10, 1865.

Major J. K. GOURDAIN,

Post Commandant, Alexandria:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding directs that You make the necessary preparations to destroy at a moment's warning the bridge on Bayou Rapides, in the suburbs of Alexandria, consulting with Captain A. Buhlow, of the Engineer Corps. You will select a suitable officer for this work and give him the necessary instructions to destroy the bridge when ordered.

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

