
should start in time to reach Jauntes' Landing by Tuesday evening. They will take five days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition. The object is to scour the country between Grand Bayou and Grand River for the purpose of capturing or destroying a gang of whitaker's men, now said to be in that section of country recruiting. A force of 100 men has been ordered to proceed from Bayou Boeuf in small boats to Micheltre's plantation. Care must be taken not to have the two detachments come in collision in Bay Natchez. If it is found impracticable to reach Grand Bayou, Pierre Pass, or Bayou Corn with horses, they will be left under sufficient guard for their protection, the detachment proceeding on foot. If possible, send a guide who is acquainted with the country and the people. If you cannot do this send some one who can speak French, so that information may be had from the inhabitants. You will call the attention of the officer going in command of this detachment to the requirements of General Orders, No. 45, series of 1864, from headquarters Defenses of New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN L. RICE,Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Bayou Boeuf, La.:

By direction of Brigadier-General Cameron I have ordered two officers, with a detachment of fifty dismounted men from the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, to report to you to-morrow for temporary duty. The general directs that you at once start out an expedition of 100 men, 50 from the Sixteenth Indiana, 25 from Company K, Second Louisiana Cavalry, and 25 from the Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry. These men will move in your small boats on Tuesday morning, April 4, 1865, taking eight days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition, proceeding from Bayou Boeuf, via Lake Palourde, Grass Lake, and Lake Verret, to Baty Natchez and Grand River to Micheltre's plantation, at the head of Bayou Pigeon. At this point they will meet and communicate with the commanding officer of a gun-boat which will be sent there for the purpose of co-operating with your infantry force. The commanding officer will be instructed to bring away or destroy all flats, small boats, and other means of crossing found in these lakes and bayous, and capture or destroy all gangs of guerrillas or thieves found in that country. Failing to find any of these guns at Bayou Pigeon, he will return with his command, via Grand River, Bell River, Bayou Long, and Bayou Milhomme.

The object of this expedition is to destroy or capture a gang of Whitaker's men, now said to be infesting that section of country for the purpose of recruiting and thieving. Great care must be used by the commanding officer to prevent any surprise or disaster, and every possible effort must be made to accomplish the object of the expedition. The commanding officer will be held strictly accountable for the conduct of the men under his command. Pillaging must not be allowed. His attention is particularly called to General Orders, No. 45, series of 1864, from headquarters Defenses of New Orleans, a copy of which is hereby with inclosed. It is expected you may meet a detachment of cavalry from Donaldsonville at Bay Natchez, but you will not wait for them, but

