
Memorandum for General Smith.

MAY 12, 1865.

If the fourth article of the propositions presented by Governors Allen and Flanagin should be rejected on account of conflicting State governments existing in Louisiana and Arkansas, then the provisions of said article shall be asked for Texas, as there is no such conflicting of government in that State.

GUY M. BRYAN,

Colonel and Commissioner.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. -. May 12, 1865.

I. Major-General Walker will relieve Major-General Forney in command of Forney's Texas division of infantry.

II. Brigadier-General Bee is assigned to the command of the cavalry now commanded by Major-General Walker.

III. Major-General Forney will report to Major-General Magruder for duty to be hereafter designated.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. B. BUCKNER,Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

The arrangements in regard to assignment of Brigadier-General Bee was made exclusively by General Smith. Please acknowledge receipt of this dispatch, and say whether or not General Smith's order will be obeyed by You. If You retain command of the cavalry, I request that Debray's regiment be ordered at once to Harrisburg, and the rest of the brigade be posted at a convenient distance therefrom, and Debray be ordered to make his headquarters here, as there has been a serious mutiny at Galveston, a recurrence of which may be expected, in which case the place may fall into the enemy's hands. Important results depend on this arrangement. Please answer.

[J. B. MAGRUDER,]

Major-General, Commanding.

[MAY 13, 1865. -For terms of surrender agreed upon by the Marshall conference, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 190,191.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 48. Shreveport, La., May 13, 1865.

Until further orders the headquarters of the department will be established at Houston, Tex. The chiefs of the several administrative departments will move their offices to that point with as little delay as practicable.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

