HEADQUARTERS FORCES FRONT LINES,Alexandria, May 13, 1865.

Colonel R. L. CAPERS:

(Through Colonel W. G. Vincent,

Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.)

COLONEL: I regret to learn the sad demoralization of Your command, but I take pleasure in expressing to You my conviction that You have done all in Your power to check it. I wish You to proceed with the debris of Your regiment to Mansfield to report to Brigadier-General Bagby. If You can cross Cane River at Monett's Ferry You will proceed via Natchitoches. If not, You can turn off to the right and go by Beasley's, Belwood, Fort Jesup, and Pleasant Hill. If on reaching Beasley's You deem it advisable for supplies to march via Natchitoches You can do so, but this will be near fifteen miles out of Your way. You can get meal early to-morrow morning at Boyce's Mill and this evening You may move Your regiment to that vicinity, sending an officer to Monetts' Ferry to meet You on Your march to-morrow with the information relative to the crossing. I wish You to move with what You can carry as rapidly as possible. Express my admiration to the officers and men of Company E at their conduct.

Respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] FORT WASHITA, May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General JAS. W. THROCKMORTON,

Commissioner, &c., Cherokee Town:

GENERAL: I inclose dispatch from Marshall. Can't vouch for it, or contradict. Scouts just in from Fort Smith report Blunt about to start from Gibson with a large cavalry force for Texas. He may, if it is so, look in on the council or send a flanking party that way. It will be well to send out scouts eastward toward Fort Gibson and north toward Walnut Creek. I have so directed Colonel Adair. Shall also send scouts from here and Boggy Depot by different routes toward Gibson. Have two small scouts up there now. Ought to be in soon. Shall probably hear from them in a day or so if anything is up. I will keep You posted. Under all the circumstances I rather think it would be best to hold the council on Washita, say about Elm Springs, so if any force should come from Gibson you can drop into Texas via Gainesville. The story about Blunt may be all bogus, and no doubt his force is greatly exaggerated. His force is put down at 15,000. General McCulloch has been advised of all, and North Texas will be ready for Blunt if he should come. Shelby is reported not far off.

Respectfully and truly, Your obedient servant,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Washita, May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: Yesterday by special express I received reports of scouts recently from Fort Smith stating that Blunt was to leave Gibson by the 15th with a large cavalry force for North Texas. Captain Scott

