
wrote me he had sent You duplicates. I shall take necessary measures to ascertain the truth or falsity of this rumor, and in case of an advance of the enemy will hold him in check as long as my feeble force will enable me. I am comparatively destitute of supplies, and unable to embody the troops and keep them in camp. The necessary consequence is that the Territory is subject to raids at any time. Please inform me what progress is being made in collecting supplies at the principal depots, Bonham and Clarksville, and also where General Shelby's command now is. Preparations for defense should be made at once, and without the accumulation of supplies it will be futile to attempt to hold this Territory. General Throckmorton has been advised of the reported advance of Blunt and scouts sent or ordered toward Gibson and Walnut Creek. We have parties near Fort Smith all the time. I have also sent a few spies up to Fort Scott and some to Gibson, who have been gone some time and ought to report soon if there really is any movement on foot.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,May 13, 1865.

Colonel TANDY WALKER,

Commanding Choctaw Brigade:

COLONEL: Information having been received that Blunt is making preparations for a movement from Fort Gibson on Texas through the Indian Territory, it is necessary that the troops should be concentrated immediately. You will therefore take steps to call all Your men into camp without delay. You will report Your actions from time to time. If Blunt comes he will come with negroes and Pins and we must be ready to defend the country. If the reports we have are true there is no time to be lost. Urge upon the colonels and other officers the necessity of assembling the men without delay. I intended to start to-morrow for Doaksville, but shall not leave this portion of the country until satisfied of its safety. Please report by every mail the number of men in camp and when You are ready or will be ready to march incase You are needed. If the grass or water is failing where You are, You can move out the neighborhood of Coffreys. Corncon's old store will make a good commissary building, and I suppose Omsly will not object. McCurtain's regiment I wish to remain on Kimishi and operate on his old line in the direction of Fort Smith. The other or elsewhere as may be required. Please instruct Colonel McCurtain to keep a constant watch on Fort Smith and endeavor to get information relative to reported re-enforcements at Gibson under Blunt.

Respectfully and truly, Your friend,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Numbers 133. Houston, May 13, 1865

* * * * * *

IV. Captain Goode's company of cavalry will report to Colonel Gillespie, commanding post of Houston, for duty.

