
V. In pursuance of orders from department headquarters, Brigadier General H. P. Bee, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty with Maxey's division of infantry, and will report to these headquarters for assignment to the command of Walker's cavalry corps.

* * * * * *

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, May 14, 1865.

Major-General MAXEY,

Commanding Division:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that You will order Brigadier-General Harrison to hold his brigade in readiness to move at once to Richmond. You will also order Bee's brigade to move in as short time as possible to the same point, at or near which You will establish Your own headquarters. Nothing in the above will be so construed as to interfere with the order directing Buster's, Clepper's, and McCardle's [companies] to report to assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

WM. T. CARRINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEMI-OFFICIAL AND CONFIDENTIAL.] DISTRICT OF INDIANA TERRITORY,

Fort Washita, May 14, 1865.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of the 10th reached me yesterday, having been delayed in consequence of going by Boggy Depot. I had made arrangements to start to-day for Doaksville, but shall, of course, await further developments from Gibson. Two scouts, Captain J. N. Hilderbrand and Return Foreman, and perhaps a third, Captain John Smith, who was to go, are all up about Gibson, and if any movement is on foot there we shall hear of it soon. Besides the above, Captain Pulliam sent Alexander and some of Major Piercey's men up toward Fort Scott. I have ordered the troops into camp. Please see that the Choctaw Brigade is assembled, prepared, and held in readiness for marching orders. McCurtain's regiment will assemble in its camp on Kimishi, present position. The Chickasaw Regiment will meet at this place. Please tell my son David to bring my servants, baggage, and camp equipage to Washita, as I may have to take the field; also to send to Captain Wright's and get some cotton and wool, and to bring up my loom and reel from Armstrong Academy. Major Norris will furnish a wagon in place of my mess vehicle, which General Throckmorton took with him. Say to Captain Howell that I desire he should come up, also Captain Marston. Direct Lieutenant Patterson to assist Colonel Walker in preparing his brigade for the field. Howell's battery is at Washita. Headquarters will remain for the present at Towson. You will please take all necessary measures to have supplies forwarded. Major Norris and Major Oliver must be energetic and push things along. Tell Major-Oliver that the Creeks have brought out, or will have out in a few days, about 4,000 head of cattle (stock round), many beef, all of which go to the Texas market, to be bought by the agents of the purchasing department, as the Indian are informed no money can be had here or else-

