
the soldiers of my command are in very destitute circumstances, being entirely dependent on their relatives in the army for a support. I am satisfied there will be much suffering in Arkansas unless proper measures are taken to save the wheat crop. The time will soon be at hand when the work must be done. I would therefore ask the privilege of granting five furloughs to each company for that purpose.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Major-General.

[MAY 15, 1865. -For Smith to Sprague, in regard to surrender of Confederate forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department, see Part I, p. 191.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 46. Shreveport, La., May 16, 1865.

I. The following promotions are announced to take effect from May 10, 1865: Brigadier General J. O. Shelby, to be major-general; Brigadier General A. P. Bagby, to be major-general.

II. The following promotions are announced to take effect from this date: Colonel L. M. Lewis, Sixteenth Missouri Infantry, to be brigadier-general; Colonel S. D. Jackman, Jackman's (Missouri) cavalry, to be brigadier-general; Colonel B. F. Gordon, Shelby's (Missouri) cavalry, to be brigadier-general; Colonel A. W. Terrell, Thirty-fourth Texas Cavalry, to be brigadier-general.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WASHITA, C. N., May 16, 1865.

Brigadier General JAS. W. THROCKMORTON,

Commissioner, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose "extra" from Marshall, from which You will see the probable condition of affairs east of the Mississippi and in prospect west. Under existing circumstances I would respectfully suggest that the negotiations with the Indians of the plains be confined to merely securing friendly relations with them, and that the contemplated raid into Kansas be deferred until the action of the governors of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, the commanding general of the department, and other military officers of high rank in council at Marshall, shall be made known. General Smith refused to accede to the demand for a surrender of this department, but as the commissioners from General Grant did not leave, I presume the matter is referred to the governors.

Respectfully and truly,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, &c.

FORT WASHITA, C. N., May 16, 1865.

Colonel W. P. ADAIR,

Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: I have inclosed later "extra" from Marshall to General Throckmorton, to which I refer You for the probable condition of

