
for my "traps," as it will no doubt be necessary that I should take the field unless General Smith and the governors enter into an armistice with the enemy. I wish You to embody the Choctaw Brigade, or rather Walker's and Folsom's regiments, near Doaksville or Coffreys without delay; McCurtain on the Towson and Fort Smith road at or near Billy King's, or such other point high up in Kimishi Valley, as he thinks best fro the protection of the people in that region. Walker and Folsom should be in readiness to move up to Boggy on short notice, in case the enemy should attempt a raid from Gibson. The force there proves to be small, as You will see from the inclosed report of Alexander, but a very small cavalry force can overrun the country, unless the men are kept in camp ready to meet them. As soon as You can get the Choctaws organized, or as soon as it is fairly under way, You can come up to Washita. If Folsom needs the houses before You are ready to move You had better move out to Krumburgh and give it up to him. Major Norris and Major Oliver can remain and push up transportation and supplies. The latter are indispensable. Without them we cannot keep any force in camp. Direct Captain Lewis to send up caps and lead to this post. Nearly the whole command are about here and the due proportion of ammunition should be here, or at any rate an ample supply for the troops. Keep a reliable company or two of Choctaws at Pine Ridge, Captains Peter Matubbee's, and Krebs', First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, and have regular patrol kept up so as to protect the magazines and stores at Doaksville (both Matubee and Krebs are invalids and their companies are trues as steel) from depredations.

Send for Colonel Walker and impress upon him the necessity of energy and watchfulness in that regard particularly. I shall be glad to have the staff all at Washita as soon as the change can be made without detriment, but the first thing is to get the Choctaw Brigade in the field. I learn from phat General Smith will make fight, and we must be prepared to do our share in keeping back the vandals until our Government makes terms with the Federals. You must endeavor to infuse new life into the quartermaster and commissary departments. I will visit Doaksville as soon as I can feel that my presence in this region is not absolutely necessary. Say to Colonel Pitchlynn I regret to have been obliged to disappoint him. My advice to him and all is to keep cool and quiet and watch the current of events, but at the same time have the force of the nation in camp and ready for the defense of the country and promotion of order. There is more danger of anarchy from lawless bands of armed men in case the war is stopped than there is now from the public enemy. Hence it is requisite that the civil officers and authorities of the nation should give me their assistance by [advising] the warriors to stand to their colors obey orders, refrain from plunder, and protect the country until the storm is over and things settle down in peaceful channels. It is not now so much a question of violence against Federals as against lawless and desperate men of our own [army], who are beginning to feel free from all restraints. Above all let me counsel the Choctaws to be one people, as they have been during this war. Let no motive, either of avarice or revenge, impel them to acts of violence against private rights, uphold and maintain justice, and enforce the laws calmly and impartially, and they will not only come out safe, but they will command the admiration of the world. Do not fail to have a daily line of couriers to Boggy and to this place, and do not send trains with any valuables without escort. Distribute the coffee fairly to the brigade, reserving share for headquarters and posts. Send General Watie a liberal share to him at Boggy. Have what belongs to each

