
brigade turned over direct to the brigade commissary by Major Oliver, chief commissary of district. The division should be made according to the strength of the brigade. There has been unfairness practiced in the distribution of clothing, and I do not intend it shall be done again, as to clothing or anything else. The quartermaster of the First Indian Brigade drew his proportion of clothing and blankets, &amp;c., for 2,700 men, while other brigades were put down at less than half that number. This sort of things will break up the division.

Yours, truly,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

18TH INSTANT. -I detained the courier, hoping to hear further by regular mail, but it failed yesterday. General Watie has returned to Boggy Depot, and I shall visit him, and if things are quiet will probably go to Doaksville. However, as soon as Walker's command is ready, unless there is some threatened movement down the line that I do not anticipate, order it to Camp Granite, near Boggy Depot, may old camp. It is necessary to concentrate the troops near Boggy.

COOPER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Numbers 115. Marshall, May 17, 1865.

I. Captain L. Sleeper, commanding escort, will proceed with his company by the Spring Bank road to Lewisville, or until he meets Mr. Waits on that road in charge of General Churchill's wagons and ambulances, and will return with them through Shreveport to these headquarters, guarding them closely on the route.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Churchill:

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 48. Shreveport, La., May 18, 1865.

Until further orders the headquarters of the department will be established at Houston, Tex. The chiefs of the several administrative departments will move their offices to that point with as little delay as practicable.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Washita, May 18, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. McCulloch,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of letter from Captain Scott, assistant adjutant-general, District of Indian Territory. You will see that the preservation of order and the safety of public property requires the presence of some reliable white troops in this district. If You have

