
whipped. It is useless for the Trans-Mississippi Department to undertake to accomplish what the Cis-Mississippi Department has failed to do. " War meetings have been held, speeches made, but all without the desired effect. Force could not be used, as the rest of the troops could not as a body be depend upon. I have issued orders to the troops stationed in the interior to spared out and apprehend the absentees.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,

Numbers 43. Marchall, May 19, 1865.

I. This division will move on the Henderson road to-morrow morning in the following order and time, alternating each successive day: First, Tappan's brigade, 5 o'clock; second, Hawthorn's brigade, daylight; third, McNair's brigade, daylight; fourth, Roane's brigade, daylight. The trains will move in the rear of the division in the order of their respective commands.

II. Inspectors-general of brigades will report to Major Horner, assistant inspector-general, at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

III. Brigade commanders will order all guard and fatigue details to rejoin their respective commands to-morrow morning, preparatory to marching with the division.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES FRONT LINES,Alexandria, May 20, 1865.

Colonel L. A. BRINGIER,

Commanding Seventh Louisiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding congratulates You on Your safe arrival at Tanner's with Your train. He directs that You remain at or near Tanner's till further orders, and if You find yourself unable to preserve Your train You will distribute Your wagons and teams to responsible planters in the neighborhood of Your camp, taking a receipt "to be returned on Your order. " It would be worse than useless to attempt to bring Your train here. Every wagon and mule would be stolen in less than four hours after Your arrival. There is corn at Tanner's at Your own depot, it is said, and also Government beeves in the swamps near by. Colonel Vincent believes, therefore, that You will have no difficulty in subsisting Your command. He furthermore impress upon You the necessity of preserving Your regimental organization intact, and for that reason and the fact that General Brent expressly ordered that Your leave of absence be withheld till further orders, Colonel Vincent in the absence of any order from General Brent on the subject, does not feel authorized to send You Your leave of absence. He regrets that he feels it his duty to contravene Your wishes in that regard, but Your presence is so necessary at all times to Your command, and especially at this juncture, that he feels confident that You will cheerfully acquiesce in his decision. General Brent is now on the Mississippi River attempting to negotiate a surrender of General Hays' command, District of

