
West Louisiana. The Louisiana generals are acting independently of General Smith and General Buckner, who are determined in no event to surrender, have now no hope of success, and would bring ruin on Louisiana and Texas merely to enable them to escape with a corporal's guard into Mexico. Fro these reason's Louisiana must look out for herself, and there is but little doubt that in a few days the district will be surrendered on the terms granted General Taylor. Inclosed please find copy of General Order from these headquarters. Should You have any difficulty to subsist let it be known; an effort (but in vain we fear) will be made to relieve You.

Respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Numbers 140. Houston, May 20, 1865.

* * * * *

XXI. As soon as Elmore's regiment shall have left Richmond, Malone's regiment, Merrick's battalion, Johnson's battalion, Terry's regiment, and Border's regiment will move from Richmond, via Houston, to Navasota, in the order in which they are mentioned. They will move by rail.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

* * * * *

WM. T. CARRINGTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Marshall, May 20, 1865.

BRIGADE COMMANDERS, CHURCHILL'S DIVISION:

GENERALS: Major-General Churchill directs me to say that furloughs will be granted all men who desire to go home to cut their wheat. Applications for this purpose will be made at once and forwarded to these headquarters for final action.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WASHITA, C. N., May 21, 1865.

Colonel TANDY WALKER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will immediately start a scout up to Arkansas River to drive out stock and gain such information as they can relative to the movements, &c., of the Federals. Colonel McCurtain's regiment being nearest will execute this order. All the stock within reach of the Federals should be driven out. We don't want the Yankees to get them, besides we need them ourselves for the use of the troops. We have no further news of Blunt. I think unless peace be [declared] we shall hear from him. In the meantime the troops and people must be provided for. Please keep a lookout for my bay saddle-horse; I am afraid some one has stolen him. He is branded on the left shoulder with the letter "D. " The only advise I can give at present is to stand to the colors, preserve [order] and guard against Yankee raids and

