
portation and clothing. Such steamers as are not necessary for the taking off of the troops may be loaded with stores and sopped at Harrisburg. Perhaps the time necessary for the evacuation may be gained by continuing the train as at present, every other day; the other engines being used for the transportation of stores. Send with each regiment three days' rations and salt. Ship all the salt at once here, except what may be necessary for a few days at Galveston. It is better to send all the negroes with their overseers by steamer to Harrisburg if it can be done. Be sure to spike all guns that cannot be brought away. Do not forget the telescope from the observatory. The detachment from Pyron's regiment at Bolivar should be sent to Liberty. Telegraph to Captain McKay, of Labor Bureau, the disposition of negroes so that he may get them in hand and send them to their masters. Direct the engineer to send by steamer to Harrisburg the spades and implements. Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson will bear You a copy of this in letter form. Please answer.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Numbers 119. Marshall, May 21, 1865.

* * * * *

VII. Brigadier-General Hawthorn will proceed to-morrow morning at daylight with as many of his men as he may think proper, and a train of fifty wagons, to Jefferson and there seize and bring to this place fifty hogsheads of sugar belonging to the Confederate States Government. The Fifty Government wagons will be ordered to report to General Hawthorn at General Roane's brigade on the Jefferson road.

VIII. Major Hawthorn, acting chief quartermaster, will order fifty six-mule wagons and teams to report to Brigadier-General Hawthorn at General Roane's brigade camp on the Jefferson road, to-morrow at 5 a. m. promptly.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Churchill:

A. H. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WASHITA, C. N., May 22nd, 1865.

Brigadier General JAS. W. THROCKMORTON,

Commissioner, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose You two notes from Marshall, from which You will see what the 'situation" is. We have no news and nothing official. I have suggested a call of the "grand council of the six allied nations" to meet for the purpose of receiving the reports of their commissioners to the Indians of the plains, and to take into consideration the present condition of the country and determine what course the "allies" will take. It seems to me it should be entirely improper, under existing circumstances, to undertake anything more than to secure peaceful relations among and with the Indians.

Respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General Commanding and Superintendent of Indian Affairs.

