
NEAR FORT WASHITA,

May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General STAND WATIE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I inclose You a short note from Doctor Duval. There are thousands of rumors afloat, but "no news. " We shall know the result of Governor Allen's mission in about thirty days. It is said a truce had been agreed upon for that time, but of course, if it be so General Smith will officially notify us. We must act merely on the defensive. I would respectfully suggest, as I did in conversation, that the "grand council of the six allied nations" be convened for the purpose of receiving the report of their commissioners to the Indians of the plains and to take into consideration the present condition of affairs and determine the policy to be pursued in the Indian Territory.

I am, general, Your friend,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S. -I have received and will forward Your requisition for Mrs. Shaw's property, though I doubt whether the Governor of Texas will place it within the Indian Territory. The laws of the Cherokee Nation will, however, be recognized by the Texas courts as settling Mrs. Shaw's rights, and will be refused by their judgment. The governor will no doubt say the courts of the State are open to all parties.

Yours, truly,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

FORT WASHITA, C. N., May 23, 1865.

Colonel TANDY WALKER,

Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: The grand council of the allied Indian nations has been called to assemble 10th June for the purpose of determining what course the Indian nations will take. Until the council decides the military must preserve order. In the meantime I wish the troops employed in scouting on Arkansas and Canadian, James Fork, Brazil, and Poteau, keeping the enemy out of the country and at the same time bringing out all cattle in his reach for use of the army and the refugees. I do not desire collision with the Federals, but they must keep out of the Choctaw country until the grand council otherwise determine. Make requisition and draw what ammunition is required for the Choctaw Brigade. Don't issue to the troops when absolutely necessary; take good care of it.

Respectfully, Your friend,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S BRIGADE,

Numbers 13. Camp Near Richmond, Tex., May 24, 1865.

I. In obedience to orders from district headquarters, commanding officers of the regiments composing this brigade, viz, Fifteenth Regiment Texas Volunteer Infantry, Seventeenth Regiment Texas Dis-

