
mounted Cavalry, Twentieth Regiment Texas Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-first (Hardeman's) Regiment Texas Dismounted Cavalry, will march their respective commands as near their homes as practicable, and discharge them from the service of the Confederate States.

II. The transportation of each regiment will be divided between the companies as equally as possible, and whatever transportation may be in the brigade commissary, ordnance, or quartermaster's department will be distributed amongst the respective regiments of the command.

By command of Brigadier-General Harrison, commanding brigade:

JOHN B. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Washita, May 25, 1865.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi Department:

COLONEL: I have to inform You, and through You General Smith, that I have established headquarters of this district at Fort Washita, and respectfully request that instructions be sent me through special express, inasmuch as I learn the regular courier-line has failed. The people of the Territory, the allies of the Confederate States Government, desire to be true to their treaty obligations, but if the Confederate States Government is defunct, as reported, they desire to provide for themselves. The people are greatly suffering for provisions, and I would urgently request that You will take necessary steps to place the cotton due them for annuities, under the act of Congress, in the hands of some safe party or parties in trust, to be turned over to their authorized treasurers or other agents, and also that You will cause to be turned over to me, for the supply of their necessities temporarily, such specie funds as are to the credit of Indian account in the hands of the treasury agent or depositary in this department. The grand council confederated Indian nations has been called in accordance with [the] terms of their league to meet on the 10th of June next at Armstrong Academy, Choctaw Nation, to receive reports from the Delegates [of the] Indians of the plains, and to take into consideration the condition [of the] Indian nations and determine their future course.

I am, colonel, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, May 26, 1865.

TO THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS:

The commanding general of the district announces to the citizens of Texas that, at his request, Commander Sands, commanding U. S. fleet off Galveston, has permitted to pass to New Orleans two commissioners, Colonel Ashbel Smith, C. S. Army, and W. P. Ballinger, esq., for the purpose of opening negotiations with the proper authorities of the United States, for the pacification of the State of Texas on the basis of the treaty of 1845, by which she was annexed to the United States, and that particularly, though not formally, an armistice will exist between the blockading fleet and the garrison at Galveston until the result of

