
these negotiations shall have been known, unless, in the meantime, Commander Sands shall receive other instructions. Through this commission, appointed with the concurrence of the able governor of the State, the views of His Excellency Governor Murrah (which he was prevented by illness from presenting at the recent meeting of the governors and General Smith at Marshall) will be communicated to the Federal Government, and it is believed that peace can be definitely concluded with the United States Government upon such terms as will insure it to be honorable and lasting. In the meantime it is absolutely necessary that the planters of each county, particularly those residing near the various railroads, shall send, without the least delay, provisions, especially corn and bacon, to Houston and Glaveston, which places have been drained of their supplies in furnishing the troops in their recent retrograde movement, and which places now offer a profitable market. Four hundred bushels of corn and 2,000 pounds of bacon are required to be sent fortwith to Galveston, for the supply of the troops there, until the commissioners shall have been heard from. The patriotic planters are once more earnestly called upon to furnish supplies to the garrison at Galveston, so as to enable the commanding general to makes this last effort for the interest of the State of Texas.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Washington, Ark., May 27, 1865.

Honorable A. H. GARLAND:

DEAR SIR: I have a letter from General Buckner of the 19th, General Fagan of the 20th, and General McNair of the 22nd. In Arkansas the troops have been furloughed and Colonels Logan and Newton have gone to Shreveport. In Louisiana, on the recommendation of Colonel Sprague, Governor Allen did not offer to go to Washington. General Smith sent conditions by Colonel Sprague for consideration. On the 20th General Buckner went to the mouth of the river to communicate with the Federal troops were chiefly at home. In Texas the Arkansas troops were furloughed, the Texas troops were chiefly at home. General Smith was at Huston. After General Buckner started to the mouth of the river General Fagan was in command of the department. Mrs. Garland was well on yesterday. So far as I know, there is not a man of ours in arms in this State.

Your obedient servant,

H. FLANAGIN.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES FRONT LINES,May 28, 1865.

Captain J. C. MURPHY,

L. D. PRESCOTT, &amp;C.:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an agreement entered into at New Orleans on the 26th instant, between the Confederate and Federal military authorities, the Confederate troop on the front lines of the District of West Louisiana are directed to abstain from all hostilities against the United States. Full explanatory orders will be issued in a few days.

By order of Brigadier-General Brent:

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

