
EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Washington, Ark., May 28, 1865.

Honorable A. H. GARLAND:

DEAR SIR: Governor Allen did not go to Washington. General Buckner visited the mouth of Red River upon matters touching the surrender on the 20th. He had not been heard from at Shreveport up to the 24th. So far as I know, there is not a Confederate soldier in arms in the State. The command at Marshall is furloughed. I feel no hesitation in acting as I would act if no such thing as a Confederate force existed. I do not believe that there are 3,000 men under arms in the department, not 500 Arkansas.

Your obedient servant,

H. FLANAGIN.

[MAY 30, 1865. -For Smith to Sprague, relative to surrender of Confederate forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department, see Part I, p. 193.]

ALEXANDRIA, May 30, 1865.

Major General H. T. HAYS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You will perceive by the terms of the military convention that the time, mode, and place of paroling is to be determined by commissioners. As the Federals will occupy Alexandria, Natchitoches, Shreveport, Monroe, Washington, and probably other central points, I would respectfully advise that the paroling be done at the Federal posts. The advantages of this plan are: First. The convenience of these central localities. Second. The ability to provide the men with rations, which we would not have. Third. The more orderly conduct of the men. If the Federals will name but one commissioner then the days of paroling will be determined and published beforehand, but if more than one be named, increased facilities would be given. On our behalf officers of the rank of colonel, or lieutenant-colonel, if possible, who are residents of or near the Federal posts, had best be selected, as if non resident officers are selected they will have difficulty in supporting the expense of living at Federal posts. I respectfully request not to be named as a commissioner for many reasons, one of which is that I have five regiments in my brigade who are scattered from the Arkansas line to the Gulf of Mexico, and it is, hence, impossible for me to supervise the paroling of the brigade. For near eight months I have held the front without any relief, and I think there is nothing in the convenience of the public service which requires my assistance in this matter. General Buckner, I presume, will give You specific instructions in this matter.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: As the commanding general of the last organized corps of the Confederate forces east of the Mississippi River, I report to You my presence in Your late department. Although under parole, I desire

