
to carry out to the full extent of my power the stipulating of Your convention of surrender, so far as Your own orders to commissaries may not have anticipated my official action. I have therefore to request that You will indicate any official action that may remain for me to take to conform implicitly to Your stipulations of surrender. Holding no public property, it has only Remained for me to direct all commissary officers to turn over all public property, as stipulated in the several conventions of commanding generals, and to arrange for the subsistence of hospitals and returning troops. Your further suggestions are requested, and for better information I ask that this communication be made the subject of conference with the general commanding the U. S. Department of the Gulf.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. M. SENT. JOHN,

Brigadier General, C. S. Army, and Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

NEW ORLEANS, June 6, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Canby, commanding Department of the Gulf. I have advised General Sent. John to proceed to Richmond before the establishes himself here, provided he can do so with the consent of the U. S. military authorities.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General, C. S. Army.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., June 4, 1865.

Captain W. B. RATLIFF:

CAPTAIN: In view of the fact that the Confederate forces and public property, &amp;c., of the Trans-Mississippi Department have been surrendered to the United States by a convention executed by Lieutenant-General Buckner at New Orleans on 26th of May, 1865, it is hereby ordered that all Confederate officers and men belonging to or being in the section of country east of the Atchafalaya and west of the Mississippi shall report to the Federal post at or near Morganza for the purpose of being paroled. Captain Ratliff, in virtue of special authority from Lieutenant-General Buckner, is hereby appointed commissioner on behalf of the Confederate authorities to parole, in conjunction with the Federal authorities, all Confederate officers and men, in accordance with the printed forms prepared by Brigadier-General Andrews, U. S. Army, and in the absence of Captain Ratliff and his failure to designate an officer to represent him the senior Confederate officer present will act as commissioner. All arms, except side-arms of officers, and public property, will be turned over to the U. S. authorities.

I am, captain, yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Lieutenant Collins.)
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, June 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: You will find inclosed a copy of a General Order of this date containing the terms upon which the troops of this depart-

