
men have been surrendered. * You will apply to the nearest officer of the U. S. Army and complete the surrender of Your command in accordance with the terms as set forth in the order inclosed.

I am, general, Your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Numbers ---. Houston, June 7, 1865.

I. The major-general commanding the District of Texas being authorized to "judge of the proper time when he can accept his parole," and having made all arrangements in his power to carry out the provisions of the convention entered into by Generals Canby and Smith, hereby relinquishes the command of the district, and devolves the same upon Brigadier-General Debray, who will carry out the orders already given in reference to the convention, and give such others as he may deem proper, until the arrival of Brigadier-General Harrison, or such other officer superior in rank to himself as may report for duty at Houston.

II. Should General Harrison fail to report at Houston in proper time, General Debray will perform the duties of commissioner as well as that of commanding officer of the district.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

WM. T. CARRINGTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Near Fort Washita, June 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WEISSENGER,

Volunteer Aide-de-Camp.

COLONEL: I have recently learned unofficially, through the newspapers, that the C. S. forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department have been surrendered on the same terms as were accepted by General Lee, Johnston, and Taylor, east of the same terms as were accepted by Generals Lee, Johnston, and Taylor, east of the Mississippi River. Your services therefore being no longer required here, You are at liberty, whenever it suits Your convenience, to return to Your home, reporting to the first commanding officer of U. S. troops on Your route, and conforming to the terms of the surrender. In taking leave of You, colonel, permit me to thank You for the important assistance You have rendered me as my acting aide-de-camp, and to express my high appreciation of Your character as a gentlemen and an officer. By Your assistance and that of the few who, like yourself, stood steadfast at the post of duty to the last, I have been enabled to restore order to a community wild with excitement and desperate from impeding starvation. By the blessing of God, I believe the most dangerous crisis of the late war has been safely passed, and the horrors of anarchy averted within this district.

With my best wishes for Your future success and happiness, I am, colonel, truly, Your friend,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see General Orders, Numbers 61, Military Division of West Mississippi, May 26, p. 604.

---------------

