
SAINT LOUIS, April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I go to Jefferson City to-morrow. Will take steamer for Glasgow Saturday about noon. You can telegraph me at Jefferson City, care Governor Fletcher. I will further advise you on reaching Glasgow. Direct Captain Shipley to see that he maintains his usual good discipline. It will be for him to redeem the somewhat tarnished reputation of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry at Glasgow. Keep me fully advised by telegraph. Write the Adjutant-General of the Army in reference to your promotion. Send it to your friend and ask him to see that your commission is sent you at an early day.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 19, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I forward herewith copies of communications sent to Generals James F. Fagan and M. Jeff. Thompson. * General Fagan is in command of the C. S. forces in Arkansas, according to the latest orders received here, the paper containing which was sent to headquarters Military Division of the Missouri. General Thompson, according to his own proclamation, also sent to military division headquarters, appears to be in command of the rebel organizations north of the Arkansas River. The above communications were founded on the telegram from Major-General Halleck, a copy of which is also inclosed. # My object was to disarm and disperse, if possible, the rebel forces in this department, and detach them from the main body west of the Mississippi. If their dispatch can be once started I believe it will soon lead to the breaking up of all organized rebel forces west of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General SHALER,

Devall's Bluff:

The major-general commanding submits the finding of General Jeff. Thompson, the delivery of papers and received such answer as may be given to you for action. It is suggested that the detachment sent out should be carried to Batesville by steamer.

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General

---------------

* See April 14 and 18, pp. 98 and 117.

---------------

# See April 11, p. 69.

