
move as rapidly as consistent. Messers. Decker and Escudier will report to you for duty as guides. Immediately on return of the expedition a full and complete report will be made out and forwarded to these headquarters. Acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 2, 1865-3. 20 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Following dispatch just received from General Bussey, commanding at Fort Smith, Ark. *

General Sanborn, at Springfield, Mo., telegraphs that he had a skirmish with small party near that place, capturing three men, who report that the rebel force in Arkansas would not attempt to cross the Mississippi at present, and that Shelby intends moving into this State by way of Springfield.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 2, 1865.

(Received 7. 15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Dodge has telegraphed Colonel Ekin, of the Cavalry Bureau, for authority to purchase 600 horses to mount cavalry in District of South Kansas. His cavalry is nearly all dismounted. While it is much needed to prevent bands from Price's army from moving north, horses can be obtained in Kansas in two weeks at same rates paid as in Saint Louis, and of a better quality. I respectfully request that the purchase be ordered.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., April 2, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,Mouth of White River:

Reports from Colonel Ryan indicated that the rebel force above Illinois Bayou is not so formidable as represented yesterday. Major Mason was sent out with a small force from Lewisburg to learn their strength and probable purpose. Colonel Ryan does not report his return, but at noon to-day telegraphs that he thinks the river clear. I had stopped steamers at this place and Fort Smith, but have just instructed that they may run. The Randolph will leave herein the morning. Partly Government freight. Boat at owner's risk.

Nothing new. All is well. I can't believe the rebels crossed the river.

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 7.

---------------

