HEADQUARTERS,Post of Pilot Knob, April 20, 1865.

Captain SMITH,

Commanding Post of Patterson, Mo.:

What information do you receive of a large force of the enemy at Pocahontas under Shelby? Answer.

F. M. MALONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MO., April 20, 1865.

Colonel F. M. MALONE,

Pilot Knob, Mo.:

I have no information of any force at Pocahontas, nor I don't think Shelby nor any one else has a concentrated force in that part of the country. Person from Arkansas report three regiments of cavalry between Black River and Little Rock, Ark., Jeff. Thompson in command, but they are scattered all over the country, and have been ever since the Prince raid. Jeff. has ordered them to concentrate some time in May. I will ascertain facts and let you know.

JAS. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 20, 1865-3 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER RESERVE ARTILLERY,

Franklin:

Battery M, Second Missouri Light Artillery, will march to this city, and upon arrival report to these headquarters for further orders. Battery will start to-morrow morning fully equipped for field service. Acknowledge receipt of this.

N. COLE,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LICKING, TEXAS COUNTY, MO.,Licking, Mo., April 20, 1865.

Colonel JOHN MORRILL,

Commanding District of Rolla, Rolla, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that on the 19th of April, 1865, I ordered out a small scout in pursuit of some scattering guerrillas. On proceeding about twenty miles fell in the rear of about fifty guerrillas moving toward Licking. The commander swore he would take the post or lose every man in the attempt. I held my men in readiness for an attack all night, but they failed to make their appearance up to the present instant. I am going to move out for the purpose of ascertain their whereabouts and give them fight. I shall leave part of my command and a portion of the Home Guard to defend the garrison, in case they should make a flank movement. I shall move with all precaution to prevent them from getting between my command and the fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MONKS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

