
WARRENSBURG, MO., April 20, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I understand a delegation of citizens are on the way form Lexington to Saint Louis to complain to complain of Colonel Harding. I have to say that the forces furnished him are all actively engaged and doing good work. He himself is earnestly trying to restore law and order in his district by enforcing Order Numbers 7. We are not killing any bushwhackers in the newspaper, but I think that large numbers of them may be found in the brush, if their friends will look for them there instead of troubling you about subordinates.

JOHN. McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIST., FIRST DIV., MISSOURI MILITIA,Saint Joseph, Mo., April 20, 1865.

General C. B. FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

GENERAL: The inclosed communications will show the state of feeling in certain portions of the country. A soldier of the of Twenty-fifth told me this morning that he was shot at yesterday in Platte County by parties in the brush. A gentleman just called on me to assist in hunting his mules stolen in Holt County. Captain Comstock informed me yesterday that the discharged soldiers are conducting themselves badly in Gentry County. Irregularities are being committed all over the district by men of all parties. Bushwhackers and thieves are causing trouble in peaceful neighborhoods, and require the companies, where they have not organized, and all I need now to complete my work is an order to select officers or permit the companies to select them. I have read the new military bill in the papers and hope to receive orders soon to go to work under it, if it is to be enforced now.

Yours, truly,

W. P. PENICK,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. -Lieutenant J. H. Waite will please forward these communications if the general has not returned.

W. R. P.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]PLATTSBURG, MO., April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General W. P. PENICK,

Commanding 1st Dist., 1st Div., Missouri Militia, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the people in part of Clinton County met in Plattsburg April 13 and concluded that a military organization was not necessary. As I was not posted as to the influence that was brought to bear, I supposed at the time that it was the will of the people; but since I find that it has created great dissatisfaction, as the people generally consider it to be the working of a clique that wants to have the power without the responsibility; or, in other words, have minute men on the same style that Texas and other border slave States had six or eight years ago, so that he who did not believe as they did to give him a genteel flogging and so long to get away.

