
The same party that in the greater part controlled the meeting yesterday has, as I am informed, been giving meant written notices to leave the county. Now. as I understand this thing, we do not claim to know any party or principle but law, order, restoration of that peace, quiet, and obedience to the authorities that is necessary in all communities and desired by all friends of their country. I have twenty-four recruits; could yesterday have gotten thirty or thirty-five more, but not understanding the spirit that prompted and controlled, I did not take their names.

Waiting for further orders, I have the honor, sir, to remain, your most obedient servant,

M. DE SMITH.

P. S. -The inclosed notice is for J. H. Trice to leave-one of our best citizens. Others are received the same notice.

M. D. S.

[Sub-inclosure.]

MARCH 12, 1865.

J. H. TRICE:

Trice, here is your order, and you had better take it and get away where you know you are safe, and stay away; and get in ten days.

IN HASTE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] PARKVILLE, MO., April 16, 1865.

Brigadier General W. R. PENICK,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Mr. F. Luthy has just returned and could not give anything satisfactory with regard to future action. While he was gone the troops have been ordered away from here to Jackson County, where the guerrillas have driven of the railroad hands, and we are left without any protection. So it was last year; there was no preparation until they overrun us in July, It is the part of wisdom to be prepared. The leaves are fast coming out, and they will be driven from Jackson over here. Some six were along Clay line last week robbing. Our citizen are under abiding apprehension and alarm. Soldiers are taken away about the time they are needed. Nobody knows what to do, and consequently nothing will be accomplished. We want prompt and straightforward action. Cannot the Governor call out the militia? The convection clause can have no effect till the legislature acts upon it, and we must be carried through this summer by the present law. What is the Governor about that he does not give orders? We rejoiced at your appointment, because we knew you were prompt and efficient. Why is not the authority given you? I am alarmed at this state of affairs. Already have the leading Union men here been threatened, while the troops are withdraw and the militia not ready, armed drilled, and officered as they should be. In the face of all Union successes the rebels here have not given it up. They say times will turn yet, and they are acting up to their belief and preparing while Union men are waiting for Government to direct. Eads, a clever man enough, seems not to be the man for the place, and if that was a failure, must nothing do done? I fear nothing of Fitzgerald . Now, the right man could easily raise a platoon here, one at Ridgely and at Weston, of true Union men, and a platoon stationed at each place with the citizen would give protection. It is necessary that we have a platoon on duty here all the tilitia or twelve-months' men. We are now open to the enemy. Some Union men will sell their principles for rebel votes.

10 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

