
Wire working and intrigue are going on to retain rebels in civil offices and back them by rebel militia. They seek to divide Union men. I know you will bear a hand against these maneuvers. Please write what can be done, and any information you can give. We are depressed at the news of the death of Mr. Seward and President Lincoln, and fearful.

Yours, truly,

GEO. S. PARK.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] SMITHVILLE, MO., April 18, 1865.

Brigadier General W. R. PENICK:

SIR: I am sorry to inform you that on my arrival at this place this evening I was informed of the shooting, and I feared the mortally wounding, of one of my men. He and three of four others were out at Mr. Corum's on, on the Smithville and Parkville Railroad, near the Clinton County line. Just before they retired to bed they went into the yard and were fired on, wounding one of their number, Robert Graham, a most excellent man and good soldier. This look place last night. I had a scout in that neighborhood last Saturday and everything appeared to be quiet. Some five or six bushwhackers were also reported to-day from Platte County.

Lieutenant Goss with eighteen men are in pursuit of the party that shot Graham; with what success I am not yet able to state. I am of the opinion that we are just at the beginning of our troubles. Excuse the manner in which this is gotten up. I will endeavor to keep you posted on matters here.

I am, with respect, general, your obedient servant.

ROBERT McMILLAN,

Captain, Commanding Company Militia.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIST., FIRST DIV., MISSOURI MILITIA,Saint Joseph, Mo., April 20, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Fisk for his information.

Captain McMillan commands the company of Missouri Militia in Clay which I notified you had gone on duty without orders. I am well satisfied that this company should be called into service and that arrangements should be made for subsistence.

W. R. PENICK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 20, 1865-4,40 p. m.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Fort Leavenworth:

Select two companies from Fifth U. S. Volunteers under a major, if present; if not, under best captain, and send them to mouth of Niobrara River, Nebr. Ter., to act as escort to the party that are opening the wagon road from that point west. Fit them out with supplies for three months and transportation to haul them. When necessary they can get additional supplies at any post. I think there are boats serving here that will take them on. They should, if possible, be at point designated by 10th of May.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

