
will be made, commencing the 1st day of May, 1865: A company of troops will leave Council Grove on the 1st and 15th of each mouth for Fort Larned, which will escort all trains and travelers that may be assembled at that point on the days named. Arrangements have been made with Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, by which such trains and travelers will be provided with suitable escort from Fort Larned, Kans., to Fort Union, N. Mex. A company of troops will also leave Fort Larned, Kans., to Fort Union, N. Mex. A company of troops will also leave Fort Larned on the 1st and 15th of each traders, and others wishing to avail themselves of these semi-monthly escort mentioned.

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General James H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 20, 1865-3,45 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, Denver:

Colonel Potter's supply trains are seized on the road by commanding officer of troops and posts. This must be stopped or else never can keep up the supplies. It is said the Sixteenth Kansas Regiment took one. They went out fully supplied with transportation. If it is necessary at any time to have the use of any of the trains before they are taken communicate with Colonel Potter. Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 7. Denver, Colo. Ter., April 20, 1865.

The following officers are announced as on the staff of the general commanding the district: Captain M. G. Lewis, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Oscar Jewett, First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Major George Armstrong, First Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, chief of cavalry; Major J. H. Peabody, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Captain Parmenas T. Turnley, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster; Captain William R. Irwin, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary; Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, district inspector; Captain E. b. Zabriskie, First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, judge-advocate; Captain John C. Anderson, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters at Denver, Colo. Ter. ; Captain John. A. Wilcox, First [Fourth] U. S. Cavalry, assistant commissary of musters at Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter. ; First Lieutenant S. E. Jocelyn, Third Battalion California Infantry, assistant commissary of musters at Camp Douglas Utah; First Lieutenant Charles C. Hawley, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, acting ordnance officer for the South and West Sub-District of the Plains, station at Denver, Colo. Ter. ; First Lieutenant William H. Northrop, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, acting ordnance officer for the North and East Sub-District of the Plains, station at Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.

They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

