
can be made up Red River with the force under my command, which you design for the movement from Arkansas River. I do not doubt that we could drive the enemy into Texas by advancing up Red River, even if we did no bring him to an engagement; and that, having thus reached Shreveport, we could, with that point as a base, occupy Eastern Texas as I proposed. This operation would be attended, I think, with little difficulty; abundant supplies would be at hand on Red River, and with Canby's force at proper points in Texas the final surrender or dispersion of the rebel army under Kirby Smith would be certain. More time would be consumed in such a campaign, but it would meet with fewer obstacles and subject the troops to much less hardly and privation. I think it my duty to make these statements and suggestions for your consideration. There will be abundant time to make the change of plan if you think it best. Everything can continue to go to Arkansas, and if you conclude to adopt the Red River, route the arrival of troops at Little Rock will only mished the enemy. The Arkansas River is high and likely to remain so for a couple of months or more, so that but a very few days would be needed to ship everything to mouth of Red River.

I inclose a map* marked in red pencil with the movements I propose to make from the Arkansas, in the event that the original plan is adhered to.

I do not wish to subject the troops you send me to the unusual hardships of this campaign, nor to run any risk (which you do not understand and approve) of obscuring the brilliant record of your administration; nor to fail to present for your consideration a plan of operations easier and safer to execute, and which may commend itself more favorably to you from the fact that it will accomplish a satisfactory though perhaps less complete and speedy result; and that it will spare the troops who have undergone so much the severe labor and hardship essential to the success of the movement from Arkansas River.

I nethat I am ready to execute either plan with zeal and energy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Forty days' rations, 55,000 men.

Command. 	 Days. 	 Gross weight.

Hard bread in	 40	 Pounds.

boxes. .

 	 2,776,450

Salt pork, in	 6	 413,358

barrels. . .

Coffee, roasted. .	 40	 237,600

.

Sugar. . . 	 40	 354,200

Vinegar. . . 	 40	 213,400

Soap. . . 	 40	 96,800

Salt, double	 . . . 	 176,000

rations. . .

Total. . . 	 . . . 	 4,267,808

Equal to 2,133 wagons, 2,000 pounds each.

Each of these teams will carry 720 pounds of grain, equal to twenty days, at 6 [pounds] per animal, or 36 pounds to each team per day. Vinegar and soap having been reduced to half rations, there will be

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

