
now at Lee's Smith, to escort the mail, and scout actively in conjunction with the infantry at the bridges and near the fords and section of railroad where work is going on. I anticipate no trouble to mail or railroad. What will become of the company Fifty-second Infantry mustered in and on duty? I see by orders that the regiment cannot be raised.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, &amp;c.

WARRENSBURG, MO., April 21, 1865.

Captain G. LUTHY,

Commanding First Sub-District, Jefferson City, Mo.:

A party of fifty rebels are moving north to-day along the Union road, running northeast from Lebanon toward Tuscumbia. They will probably try to cross the Osage near Tuscumbia. Troops are in pursuit of them from Lebanon. Send special messenger to Tuscumbia to prevent a surprise of the militia at that place. Cannot Captain Dennis' company be sent in that direction? Telegraph any information you may receive in regard to their movements?

By order of Brigadier-General McNeil:

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, MO., April 21, 1865.

Captain KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A party of fifty guerrillas are reported to have crossed the Rolla road six miles east of here at daybreak this morning. They were seen an hour later seven miles out on the Union road, going north. Major Small has gone in pursuit.

J. B. WADDILL,

Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., April 21, 1865.

Lieutenant J. B. WADDILL,

Adjutant, Lebanon, Mo.:

I am inclined to think that the party of rebels last referred to is the same that crossed the road this morning, and that there must be a discrepancy in time. Get all the information you can and send it through as fast you can get it. If the guerrillas come this get all the armed citizens out after them.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, MO., April 21, 1865.

Captain KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable information has just been received that between forty and fifty rebels were on the Gasconade, thirty five miles southeast of this

