
place, this morning. They said they would pass near Lebanon to-night. It is thought they may cross between this and Springfield. Major Small when last heard from was within five miles of the party named this morning and gaining on them rapidly. All the mounted men of this post are out.

J. B. WADDILL,

Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 21, 1865-10. 50 a. m.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Fort Leavenworth:

Following instructions will be given commanding officer of detachment for Niobrara: James A. Sawyer, of Sioux City, has charge of building of wagon road, and this detachment will guard the building parties and give him all aid he requires in building it, by detail and otherwise, and do all in his power in aiding to make the project a success. The officer will communicate with Mr. Sawyer on their way up.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

DENVER, April 21, 1865-4. 10 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

I have reason to believe no trains have been seized or stopped since I assumed command. If so, it is contrary to my orders and will be seen to. The Sixteenth Kansas sent back a train by my order, seized by them previous to reporting to me. I hear nothing from the Indians. General Henry arrived on the 19th.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 41. New Orleans, April 22, 1865.

Major General N. P. Banks, U. S. Volunteers, resumes command of the Department of the Gulf at 12 m. of this day. The undersigned in retiring from the temporary command of the department tenders his personal thanks to the officers of the command of all ranks for the willing obedience and general soldierly conduct they have exhibited. A major-general's salute will be fired on the levee at 12 m., under the direction of Captain Webster, chief of artillery.

S. A. HURBLUT,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 42. New Orleans, April 22, 1865.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 132, extract 59, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, of March 18, 1865, the undersigned resumes command of the Department of the Gulf.

