
depredations; all perfectly quiet. Their camp is about 150 miles southwest of this. I am ready to move in any direction. Shall I wait the result of Colonel Leavenworth's interview, which will come off about the 15th of next month?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Post of Humboldt, Kans., April 22, 1865.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. HEWETT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Sub-District, Numbers 2, Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I scouted to Big Hill Town; found the Osage Indians in considerable excitement in regard to the rebel Indians below. Chief Joe, of the Big Hills, informs me that his brother has just returned from Stand Watie's command, and that his (Stand Watie's) intention was to make a raid into the Neosho Valley. The above-named Indian was a captain in the rebel army. The Indians are keeping me posted in the movements of the enemy. I think there is no doubt of Chief Joe's loyalty. He requested me to furnish him with powder and lead, but I have none to spare. He has two companies to assist at any time. I think it would be proper to furnish these Indians with ammunition. If the colonel commanding desires that these Indians, should be furnished with the above articles you will please send it immediately to this post. The letter within I have just received, and I will send a scout to ascertain whether there is an enemy in that direction or not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HAAS,

Major, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

BIG HILL TOWN, April 18, 1865.

Major HAAS,

Commanding at Humboldt:

An Indian of this band came in this morning and said day before yesterday he was about thirty miles south of Coody's Bluff, and on his return yesterday about fifteen or twenty miles south of Coody's Bluff he crossed a large trail made by shod horses, fifty or seventy-five in number, on the Verdigris, coming from the south, on their way to the Mission, on the same trail the rebels came up last year.

Yours, truly,

J. A. COFFEY.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, Iowa, April 22, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI:

SIR: I hereby report that the troops of my district will be ready to move by the 10th of May, but from all I learn they may be detained a few days longer, owing to the backwardness of the season-the want of grass. Teams are moving ordnance stores across the State of Iowa and met great difficulties, owing to the wretched state of the

