
road and high water in the streams. In fact, the road is reported to me as almost impassable. The indications are that the Missouri will be unusually high this year, and I am told that boats that have already ascended the river above Sioux City are dropping down to some safe position in anticipation of the heavy rush of ice when the river breaks loose. This may cause a slight detention in the movements of the troops from Fort Pierre, owing to the difficulty of crossing the river. It will be a great assistance if the services of a steam -boat can be procured to cross the command. Flat-boats on the Missouri in its highest stage of water is a very unsafe mode of crossing; sometimes altogether impracticable. As I understood the general in conversation, he intended the troops to march north of the Black Hills to be Powder River, at the point where the new post is to be established. This point will be about 150 miles from Fort Laramie. It would be of great importance if the command could procure rations at Laramie when the supplies they take with them should give out, and I think it would be well to make some such provision. The command then would return by a road south of the Black Hills. I make this suggestion, for if the reports received from the Indians are true the command on its march north of the Black Hills will fall in with the hostile Indians driven from the Platte country and will have to pursue them. I would also take the liberty to state that the furnishing of transportation to the escort of road parties will interfere very much with my arrangements. I did not contemplate anything of this sort when I was providing my transportation and I shall be obliged to hire wagon for these escorts. I have only wagons and teams enough to fit out the expedition and supply the post.

With much respect, you obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, April 23, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to withdraw my resignation now in your hands. I cannot think of tendering it until the special commission shall have concluded their examination. If I have any of the rights of an officer and a gentleman which I can assert, I respectfully require that his commission proceed with all convenient dispatch in any examination they may wish to make, so that I may be at perfect liberty to serve my country in any capacity that I may be able so to do.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General of Volunteers.

FORT SMITH, April 23, 1865. (Received 9. 20 a. m. 24th.)

Major-General POPE:

Colonel Phillips, commanding at Fort Gibson, reports that by deserters and scouts from Texas and Boggy Depot he learns that all the white rebel troops, except the half-breeds, and two rebel Cherokee regiments, have left the Indian Territory and gone south or east. General Gano is east of the Mississippi River; General Maxey has gone to Texas; General Cooper is at Towson with a few hundred men, among these Bryan's battalion, 300 men well mounted, who propose starting

