
about the 1st of May to plunder on the Sante Fe road west of Fort Larned. They are to go out by the Wichita Mountains. Stand Watie is at Boggy with a few hundred men; Adair and a small force are to start for Arkansas River about 1st of May, and expects to cross about Webber's Falls. We have no horses, but can take care of them. The rebels had not heard of the fall of Richmond when their men left. Considerable numbers were leaving Texas for Mexico. The Texas troops had been ordered to Southeast Texas; there was a great ferment and many deserters among them. No rebel force has crossed Arkansas River above or below. The Arkansas River is very high.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SMITH, April 23, 1865. (Received 7 p. m. 24th.)

Major-General POPE:

Major-General Reynolds and staff will be here this evening.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, April 23, 1865. (Received 1 p. m. 26th.)

Major-General POPE:

I will call on you Friday or Saturday. I go from here to Fayette and Huntsville. I am still satisfied that North Missouri will be all right if Jackson, Lafayette, and Saline are kept clear, so as to prevent the rebels from concentrating there to cross the river. General Fisk agrees in this view. I presume now we can get volunteer troops enough to relieve our militia in active service, and relieve our poor State of the injustice of paying her own troops.

THOS. C. FLETCHER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 107. Saint Louis, Mo., April 23, 1865.

1. All U. S. troops now stationed north of the line of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad will be relieved from duty in that portion of the State, and stationed at such points south of the railroad as the general commanding the District of North Missouri may direct.

* * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Rolla, April 23, 1865-9. 45 a. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Commanding officer at Waynesville reports this morning that several parties of rebels, from twenty-five to fifty each party, are going north. They fired on stage escorts last night near California House. He has troops in pursuit.

MORRILL,

Colonel.

