
they took. I am waiting to hear from Allen further particulars, and if more men are sent from this post may wait until morning before going to Glasgow.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WESTON, April 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General FIS:

I have not bee able to get to particulars as to the shooting of Reynolds at Liberty. The matter is being investigated. I have two more arrested, and shall send them to Liberty to have them identified by Reynolds. Will report as soon as I can procure the particulars.

H. M. MATTHEWS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, April 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

From dispatches received to-day it appears that Johnston, combined with Bragg, made no material impression on Sherman in the recent battles, and that the rebel loss in their desperate hurling of masses on our lines must have been very heavy. There is nothing of material moment here except that the continued high water has driven all but one Regiment at Morganza upon their boats. Stores of all kinds have been placed out of reach by shipping on boats or sending to Port Hudson. Our ordnance supplies are very much reduced at this depot, and if there is a probability of long-continued expenditure by siege they should be amply filled up. Mortar rafts sent down the Mississippi are here. The quartermaster reports that it is impossible to tow them over via river and Gulf, and from my knowledge of them I am inclined to believe his report. The mortars and shell can be taken off and sent in some other way.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, April 3, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: After an absence of nearly a month, I returned to this place two days ago. I have been up the Rio Grande a long distance, and report the following facts for you consideration: The demoralization in the rebel army in Texas is very extensive. In all the counties from San Antonio and Austin up to the mountains the rebel soldiers are coming home in large numbers, and in two or three places have notified the enrolling office and provost-marshal that their services were no longer needed. In most parts of the State there has been fine rains, and the grass is consequently abundant. On the Rio Grande the forces under Ford and Benavides do not amount to more than 800 men.

