
ately galloped down and arrived here a few minutes after the Webb had passed. You would have been notified immediately, but the operator, L. C. Hebard, had left his post contrary to orders. Diligent search was made. He was finally discovered in a coffee house. The ram hd in the meantime landed about six miles below and cut the wires. Lieutenant Enos took a fresh horse and started for the city to endeavor to head off the ram. He deserves credit for his energy and perseverance. I sent the operator in an ambulance with men and wire to repair the line. He also took his instrument, with orders to connect and transmit my dispatch. This he failed to do and did not send it forward until he had returned to camp in a partially intoxicated state. The party had to go twelve miles from here to repair another break. This man Hebard is a worthless drunkard. I recommend his immediate discharge. This not his first offense. I have sent a party up the river with about half a mile of wire to repair the breaks above. About 100 to 150 yards of wire were carried away at each place and many posts cut down. The rebels had our uniforms on and informed the men who saw them cut the wire that New Orleans had been taken by the rebels from Mobile, &amp;c. I should be pleased to receive from you a detailed account of the progress of the Webb, as I am not likely to get a true account from the papers. I hope a new operator will be sent here soon, as I am obliged to keep this one under guard in his own office and work him drunk or sober.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. EVERETT,

Colonel, Special Inspector, Bonnet Carre.

P. S. - I respectfully recommend that a telegraph station may be established at Gaines' Landing, about eighteen miles above this point.

C. E.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,April 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters in reference to the operator at Bonnet Carre. The telegraphic operations of the 24th, on hearing of the ram Webb coming down the river, require, in my opinion, some action to insure prompter telegraphic transmission hereafter.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez:

I have received your communication of the 22nd instant, and in reply have to state, that I do not see reason to change the policy alluded to because of the great calamity which has befallen the country. Even though, contrary to my expectation, the rebel leaders in high position should ultimately be found to be implicated in the diabolical assassination of the President, I have no idea that the masses of the people or subordinate officers will entertain any other feeling than that of utter abhorrence at the deed. The rebel exchange agents here have written

