
[Inclosure.]

MERIDIAN, April 24, 1865.

Brigadier General W. F. TUCKER:

Official information just received at these headquarters announces a truce was declared by General Johnston and Sherman on 18th instant for the purpose of final settlement. You will forward this to General Dana at Vicksburg and notify General Wright at Grenada, with instructions to forward to Federal commander at Memphis.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 24, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request, first, that I be permitted to take Major-General Dodge with me as corps commander on the projected campaign into Texas, to command one of the corps sent me from other departments. I need say little to you of General Dodge. He is one of the best, most earnest, energetic, and capable officers in the service, and has unusual experience in the description of campaign it is proposed to undertake. I should esteem it a real misfortune not to be able to have him with me. I do not wish him relieved for the purpose from the command of this department. Everything can be left in good working order, in charge of a reliable and trusty officer, during his absence. Second, I wish Lieutenant Colonel Fred. Myers breveted a brigadier-general and made chief quartermaster of this military division and army. I have several times recommended him for this promotion, which he eminently deserves for service in the field in Virginia and for valuable services under my command in the West. I trust you will procure for him this well-earned promotion and have him assigned to his brevet rank so as to give rank sufficient for chief quartermaster of this division, in which there are several quartermasters who are his seniors.

Third, I desire to take with me Colonel T. J. Haines, chief commissary of subsistence. He has served with eminent ability and zeal as chief commissary of subsistence in the West since the war began, and he is very anxious for a time to see some service in the field. His duties here can be readily performed during the absence under his own direction, and I think he has fairly earned this indulgence by long and faithful service in this city. He is the best man I know for chief commissary of subsistence of an army in the field who can be found in the West, and he is very anxious to go into this campaign. I earnestly request, general, that unless you deem it consistent with the public interests you will grant these applications.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MOUTH OF RED RIVER, U. S. GUN-BOAT COLLIER,

April 24, 1865. (Received 5. 50 p. m. May 1.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The rebel ram Webb, from Red River, escaped by the naval vessels last night; was pursued, not overtaken. Has gone to the Gulf of Mexico to rob steamers coming from the Isthmus. She did not fire a gun.

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

