
U. S. GUN-BOAT COLLIER, MOUTH OF RED RIVER,

April 24, 1865. (Received 10. 15 a. m. May 1.)

Major-General POPE:

I arrived yesterday; not very well; may send up to-morrow. The ram Webb avoided the gun-boats last night and has gone down the river. The navy is in pursuit.

J. T. SPRAGUE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 24, 1865.

Major General JAMES F. FAGAN,

Commanding Confederate Forces in Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, by flag of truce in charge of Lieutenant Langrain, of yours of 10th instant. If the proposition contained in my letter of the 14th has been accepted, the object of your communication will have been accomplished. If not, I will co-operate in any prudent and reasonable means of alleviating, as far as may be, the suffering of non-combatants. Families desiring to go south will not be hindered, but on reporting at any of our posts on the Arkansas River will be aided in crossing. Information to this effect will be disseminated. Supplies of provisions destined for families north of the Arkansas River may be brought to any of our posts on that river under flag of truce, and will be received by the commanding officer of the post for delivery to any person or family that may be named by the officer in charge of the flag. It cannot reasonably be-expected that Confederate parties will be permitted to travel at will north of the Arkansas River, unless permitted to cross by the commanding officer of the post. Parties desiring to go north to remain may present themselves at our pickets and will receive attention without being accomplished by a flag of truce.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., April 24, 1865.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

The Secretary of War directs that supplies be furnished such Indians at Fort Gibson as may be in a suffering condition, sufficient at least to prevent suffering and starvation. This will be continued until further arrangements can be made. A small quantity of sugar and coffee may be issued. A strict account will be kept of all issues made to refugee Indians, and a report of the same forwarded monthly to these headquarters. You will exercise a sound discretion in these issues, and endeavor to make the people understand that they must make enough this season to support themselves hereafter. I will send you several boats on this rise. You will have to make room for the stores. You will issue to all who are destitute and suffering, and report their numbers so that an estimate of the supplies required may be forwarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

12 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

