
patriots, has filled with grief and with horror and indignation the hearts of our people. It is a fitting finale to the wicked attempt of the leaders of rebellion on the life of the nation, and not only the perpetrators, but all who were privy to this disgraceful transaction, deserve to be gibbeted. I have no doubt they will be overtaken. The eye of the nation is too large and watchful for them to escape. It will give me great pleasure, general, to co-operate with you and General Dodge and the other military authorities of the State in maintaining the public peace and restoring at the earliest practicable day, by the liberal policies indicated by yourself, the full supremacy of the civil law throughout the State. Do me the favor to hand this letter to General Dodge.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your friend and obedient servant,

JAMES S. ROLLINS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,April 24, 1865. -10. 20 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

Colonel Morrill and General Sanborn reports seven bands of guerrillas moving north, about fifty in band. Sanborn got into of the bands, killed 2 captains, Martin and Rountree, and 10 privates. Militia at Linn Creek met another and got whipped. Please send order to Captain Coryell to mount Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry (four companies now at Benton Barracks), so I can move them.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 24, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith some letters which seem to demand your attention. I desire you to examine particularly into the charge against the provost-marshal at Lexington, who is alleged to be seizing the arms brought under your order and arresting citizens for having them. Please have a speedy examination made and let me know the result. I think it will be well for you to have a reliable and discreet officer on your staff who can be sent to investigate such statements without delay and whose report you can thoroughly confide in. I think it would be well also to consider carefully Mr. Rollins' suggestions about ferries over the Missouri and about guards on boats going up and coming down the Missouri River, in order that parties of bushwhackers cannot seize them at any of the landings and cross their forces over the river. I sent orders this morning to have 345 horses turned over to you. Please ascertain how many there are here for that purpose and let me know early in the morning. It is manifest from your telegram of this morning that many parties of gangs are coming into Missouri from Price's army. It is advisable to concentrate for active operations against them everything you can send. Have your men keep on the hunt of these fellows all the time. It will not answer for the troops to stay at their stations until they hear of depredations or murders

