
Benavides commands about half the number. Ford's men are stationed on the Lower Rio Grande and Benavides' force from Ringgold Barracks up to Laredo. It seems that Benavides has come to the conclusion not to fight against the United States Government, but has pledged himself to a certain gentleman that whenever the proper time arrives he will with most if not all of his command cross over into Mexico and help to fight the enemies of the Republic. General Cortina is the gentleman to whom Benavides has pledged his services, and I got the information from the general's brother-in-law. He sent his chief of staff on to Matamoras last week, with instructions to move his (Cortain's) family over to Brownsville as soon as the Federal army should occupy that place. You can judge by that whether he intends to fight for the Empire or not.

All the towns east of the mountains are prepared and have measures concerted to rise against the Empire as soon as the Union army returns to Brownsville. Cortina is working hard to make the move successfully. If that does not occur so they may fail. As Mejia has asked for large re-enforcements from the interior, but I don't think he can receive any for at last one month. Everything is quiet on the island, but I regret to hear that Colonel Jones is about to leave here, as he has been an excellent commanding officer and faithful in the discharge of his duties.

M. DOLAN.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., April 3, 1865.

Colonel J. HALE SYPHER,Eleventh U. S. Colored Artillery, Plaquemine:

The general commanding directs that you send all your available cavalry to The Park on Tuesday, April 4, 1865. The commanding officer will be instructed to take eight days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition. The object of the expedition is to cut off the retreat of Whitaker's gang, should they attempt to leave the La Fourche country by that route. This detachment will remain at The Park six days unless otherwise ordered from these headquarters. Great care must be taken to prevent surprise or disaster. You will call the attention of the officer going in command of this detachment to the provisions of General Orders, No. 45, series of 1864, from headquarters Defenses of New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, La., April 3, 1865.

Captain LEONARD,

Commanding Naval Forces, Brasher City:

Brigadier-General Cameron, commanding La Fourche District directs me to present you his compliments and request you to send a gun-boat on Tuesday next to blockade Grand River at the head of Little Bayou Pigeon, for the purpose of co-operating with an infantry force of 100 men to be sent out in small boats from Bayou Boeuf. The commanding officer of this infantry force has been directed to communicate with the commanding officer of your boat at or near Micheltre's

