
quiet, order, and prosperity can be expected. There are many, doubtless, who one lifted hands against their country who are now honestly endeavoring to resume their positions as good citizens. To these and to those who may swell ranks the undersigned believes he can assure encouragement and assistance from the military arm. But loyalty can be much better proved by acts than by opinions of witnesses, and they must show their faith by their works. A hearty co-operation with the constituted civil and military authorities and the active exertions of each individual to bring offenders to justice will be the surest and quickest way to free the district from all danger of the desolation which it has witnessed, and from which it cannot expect to escape so long as the true friends of the Union and of the State of Missouri are oppressed, robbed, exiled, or murdered by traitors and their outlaw friends.

III. The undersigned in taking leave of his staff desires to express his thanks to them for the faithful manner in which they have attended to their various duties. In particular he acknowledges the invaluable assistance which he has received from Captain J. K. Shaw, assistant quartermaster and chief quartermaster of the district, and from Captain C. G. Laurant, assistant adjutant-general. The arduous and responsible position of Captain Shaw has been filled by him with industry, prudence, and skill. Captain Laurant has acted in the capacity of assistant adjutant-general upon the staff of the undersigned for over two years with fidelity and ability deserving of all praise.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

Numbers 17. Warrensburg, Mo., April 24, 1865.

I. In consequence of the resignation of Brigadier General John McNeil and in pursuance of orders from headquarters Department of the Missouri, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Central Missouri.

II. The officers hitherto serving on the staff of Brigadier General John McNeil will be retained in their present positions until further orders.

III. Major John Q. Egelston, surgeon Forty -third Infantry Missouri Volunteers, is hereby appointed medical director of the district, and First Lieutenant Gustavus Saltman, Company A, Forty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry, is relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general at the headquarters of the Fourth Sub-District and will report to these headquarters for duty in the same capacity in the office of the assistant adjutant-general of the district.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel Forty-third Infantry Missouri Vols., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 24, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST SUB-DISTRICT:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to inform you that advices from department headquarters indicate that Kirby Smith's army is breaking up and that large numbers of the men are returning in arms

