
to Missouri. All possible diligence must be used to obtain and forward at the earliest moment accurate information concerning their movements. Every precaution must be taken to guard against surprise and the capture and plundering of towns. The militia must be mustered in as rapidly as possible and can be called upon to defend posts, &amp;c., with such arms as they have, until they can be regularly called into service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., April 24, 1865.

Captain C. E. SPEDDEN,

Commanding at Chapel Hill:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs me to inform you that large number of men of Kirby Smith's army are returning in arms to Missouri. Several parties of from duty to fifty are now in the eastern portion of the district, moving north. All possible diligence must be used to obtain and forward at the earliest moment accurate information concerning their movements. Every precaution must be taken to guard against surprise.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, April 24, 1865.

Captain LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

About seventy-five rebels are reported moving north in small squads, aiming to cross the Missouri River at Rocheport. Last night they were near Pratt's Mill, on the South Moreau, in Cole County. I have formed Captain Miller at Booneville, and Captain Calhoun at Tipton, and Lieutenant Hart at Syracuse.

G. LUTHY,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, April 24, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICERS,

California:

You are ordered to California in consequence of reliable information being received that gangs of men from the rebel army in large and Missouri River. It is supposed that they design crossing from Rocheport. You are to watch for and intercept these parties as far as you can, scouting in all directions from California. You must be cautious and watchful not to be taken at disadvantage by combinations which they may attempt to make. Obtain all the information you can and advise me by telegraph of your actions and movements, and of the intentions and plans of the rebels as far as you can learn them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

