HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 21, 1865-4. 10 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Denver:

How are you progressing with Indian expedition? Have you staff officers? Keep Colonel Potter and Captain Murfey at Leavenworth posted well ahead in what you may need. Also let me know and keep me posted. Letter about Utah received all right. * I furnished the escort for wagon road party up Niobrara.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

DENVER, April 24, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Have written you about expedition. Most of my cavalry horses are on half rations for want of corn, and unless more transportation is sent me I will not be able to accomplish much for some time. The militia will be discharged this week. I will do down the road next week, distribute troops for its protection, and take the field as early as possible. Captain Soule, provost-marshal, was killed by a soldier last night. Indians killed one soldier and wounded another Friday last near Fort Laramie.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 11. Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 24, 1865.

The general commanding the department announces to the troops that our colors again were over the city of Richmond and the city of Petersburg, in Virginia. The prospect now is that Peace, with all the blessing which follow in her train, will soon descend upon our country, and that our brethren both North and South will forget the rancor engendered by this unhappy quarrel which has so long estranged them one from the other, and will soon as of old clasp hands again under the flag of our fathers, and alike feel proud that they are citizens of the great Republic. This seems to be a fitting occasion when, in the gladness and thankfulness which fill all our hearts, we can consider those who are prisoners and be lenient toward them. The department commander therefore directs that all non-commissioned officers now in arrest or confinement in the Department of New Mexico be released and returned to duty. Those who owe the United States will make good what they owe. Those who lost time desertion will make good that lost time. Those who have been sentenced to be drummed out of service are restored to duty, and all who had their pay stopped will have it recommence from this date. In further commemoration of this triumph of our arms a national salute will be fired at every post having artillery in the department the day following the receipt of this order.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Connor to Barnes, April 6, 1865, Vol. L, Part II.

---------------

