HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: In relation to M. Jeff. Thompson, it is probable that guarded overtures made by the commanding officer nearest to him might be useful. For instance, the nearest commander might inform Jeff. Thomspon that he has no doubt that if he will offer to accept the same terms acceded to Lee the military authorities here will grant them; that he, the nearest commander, will forward any propositions based strictly on General Grant's arrangement with Lee to department headquarters, and that he has little doubt they will be granted by the department commander, but that if he does not make some such arrangement immediately there will be soon an order issued declaring all men who continue in arms against the United States in Missouri and Arkansas are outlaws for whom there will be no terms at all. The officer who communicates with Jeff. Thompson must be instructed carefully to allow nothing more than this to be discussed. A purely military arrangement providing for surrender on the same conditions granted to Lee is the only proposition which must be discussed, considered, or received.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 25, 1865.

Captain JOSEPH McC. Bell,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I inclose a petition which I respectfully request may be brought to the attention of the major-general commanding. This is but a sample of a large number I have received and am receiving. I have great trouble in banishing the families of bushwhackers. There are plenty that will plead for them. If I undertake to send away the families of rebel soldiers and disloyal citizens there is no end to it. I might select a few of the most obnoxious. The facts is, the radical Union men in the several loyal counties are bound to drive out everybody they can who ever had any hand in this rebellion, and it is done in such a manner that we cannot reach them. They urge soldiers to deeds that we cannot countenance, and in most cases that we cannot fasten upon them. There is no doubt that the rebels in Cooper, Saline, Lafayette, and Jackson Counties, while they profess great friendship for the Union, are daily protecting, feeding, and aiding these outlaws, and the moment we put our hands on them they find plenty to plead and represent their cases to us. This is especially the case now in the counties mentioned. I desire the opinion of the general. Up to this time, expect in a very few cases, I have only banished bushwhackers and their families.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

