
[Inclosure.]

SALINE COUNTY, MO., February 22, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: The undersigned, loyal citizens of Saline County, Mo., would most respectfully represent that a great many persons formerly residents of Saline County have left said county and enlisted in the rebel armies; also that many disloyal citizens have left the county temporarily in order to escape the draft or get rid of doing militia duty. We would further represent that many of both classes have left their families in our midst, and whereas it has been fully demonstrated that rebels and rebel sympathizers give aid and comfort to guerrillas, robbers, and comfort to guerrillas, robbers, and outlaws, and that such rebels, guerrillas, and outlaws do not infest or stay any length of time in communities exclusively loyal, and believing as we do that the families of such persons are the worst enemies the loyal citizens of Missouri have now to contend with, we most earnestly and respectfully request that the families of all such persons be banished from said county to Saline during the represent rebellion, believing this to be the only means by which peace can be restored within our county.

And we, your petitioners, will ever pray, &amp;c.,

THOMAS FARRELL, Jr.,

C. J. MILLER,

W. D. HARRIS,

[AND 100 OTHERS.]

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, April 10, 1865.

The within petition is fully concurred in by me. The signers know what is best for their county, and all my information goes to show that their claim is founded in justice.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Jefferson City, April 11, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, with the opinion that it is necessary that the families of the men who are in the rebel army should be moved from their homes. As long as they are left at their present residences it is an inducement to bring back from the rebel army the men who make the bushwhackers. I fully concur in the objects of this petition. The families of rebels in the army of the enemy should be sent South.

THO. C. FLETCHER.

13 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

