
enterprises executed by men who were merely their hirelings. It is esteemed to be of the greatest consequence that such men, especially as Judge Tucker, John R. Barrett, Isaac Elshire, Louden, and other conspicuous members of the conspiracy, should be apprehended as promptly as possible by military commission for a treasonable conspiracy in the interest of the rebellion. It is further recommended that certified copies of all the affidavits and other written evidence in the case be required to be forward to the War Department of for the use or reference of the executive officers of the Government.

A. A. HOSMER,

Major and Judge-Advocate.

(In absence of the Judge-Advocate-General.)

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General.

The recommendations of the Judge-Advocate-General, Colonel Baker and General Dodge are approved, and will be carried into effect without delay.

By order;

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 109. Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1865.

* * *

4. The Fiftieth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers will proceed by steamer up the Missouri River and be distributed by the regimental commander in detachments at the following points, viz: Booneville, two companies (temporarily); Arrow Rock, one company; Cambridge, one company; Miami, two companies; Waverly, one company; Berlin, one company. The headquarters of the regiment will be established for the present at Miami, from where the regimental commander will report by letter to Colonel C. Harding, commanding District of Central Missouri, for further orders. The different detachments of the regiment will draw their supplies from the nearest depots on the river. The quartermaster's will move to-morrow, the 26th instant.

5. All ferry-boats, skiffs, flat-boats, wood-boats, and all means of crossing the Missouri River, will be immediately taken possession of by the military authorities, and no person allowed to cross the river south of Leavenworth City without the necessary military permits, except on the boats used by the North Missouri Railroad Company for the crossing of passengers, freights, &amp;c. Regular ferries will be permitted at Saint Charles, Washington, Herrmann, Jefferson City, Booneville, Glasgow, Miami, Waverly, Lexington, Kansas City, Wyandotte, Parkville, and Leavenworth City, to be run by the owners of the ferry-boats, under military guards; and the commanding officers of districts will place proper officers and troops at these points to give proper passes and furnish guards for the boats. All owners of boats of every description on the Missouri River below Leavenworth City will take their boats to the

