
commanding officers at the above-named points, deliver them up, and take receipts therefor, and said boats will be held under guard until orders to the contrary are issued from these headquarters. Any person detected in using any boat or raft contrary to the provisions of this order, and any person crossing the river except at the above-named points, and as above required will be immediately arrested. Citizens crossing at Saint Charles, other than the passengers of the railroad, must obtain permits as above required. Steam-boats plying the Missouri River are prohibited from tying up at night below Kansas City at any point except military posts or where United States or State troops are stationed. The commanding officers District of North Kansas, Central Missouri, North Missouri, and Saint Louis are charged with the execution of this order.

* * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,April 25, 1865.

General BEVERIDGE,

Cape Girardeau:

A company of infantry will be sent to Sainte Genevieve to relieve the cavalry. If you deem it necessary to re-enforce the garrison at New Madrid you can send a company from the Cape.

By order of Brigadier-General Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO. [April 25, 1865.]

Brigadier-General BEVERIDGE,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

A dispatch from Captain Smith, at Patterson, Mo., says 200 guerrillas are moving in the direction of Farmington. They were fourteen miles from Patterson this morning on Bear Creek. They are trying to strike the wagon train at Farmington, I think. I am sending sixty men out to re-enforce the train guard.

F. M. MALONE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel MALONE,

Pilot Knob:

A post can be established temporarily at Big River Mills for the purpose asked by Captain Kellerman. Can you spare the troops, or can they be spared from Fiftieth Missouri? But take no action until you learn more of the 200 guerrillas.

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

