HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 25, 1865 - 3. 30 p. m.

Colonel HARDING,

Warrensburg:

There are troops in all placed named, I think; at any rate, in all perhaps with exception of providence, and troops can be stationed there.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 25, 1865 - 1,20 p. m.

Major B. K. DAVIS,

Lexington:

By what authority do you close a loyal man's church (McFarland's), and what are the reasons for such orders? They are unauthorized, founded on assumption of power that you have no right to exercise.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, April 25, 1865 - 7 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of telegram of this date inquiring by what authority I closed loyal man's church, and what are the reasons for such orders, to which I would respectfully answer that I do not think I have closed a loyal man's church. My reasons for closing the Methodist Episcopal Church South, of this place, are briefly these: On the 7th of April, from the well-known disloyalty of the churches of this place, I issued a post order that on the next Sabbath the pastors of the churches should return thanks for the late victories and prospect of peace. The pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church South did not do so. I passed the matter unnoticed until the evening of the 15th instant, when, not having opened he caused his church to be opened for the Thanksgiving service, in accordance with the proclamation of His Excellency Governor Fletcher, I informed the pastor that I should take the keys of the church until it could be occupied by a loyal preached. I hope the general commanding will allow me the privilege of sustaining this action as a property military necessity.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. K. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding Fourth Sub-District, Central District of Missouri.

CALIFORNIA, April 25, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

Arrived here at midnight. Can learn nothing definite in regard to rebels. Have sent scouts out in all directions. Will communicate with you again to-day.

J. M. BERNARD,

Captain.

