HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, April 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you have the country on the right side of Bayou La Fourche, the country between Donaldsonville and Plaquemine, and the country back approachable by gun-boats and by your small boats scoured by cavalry and infantry patrols once a week, and that you make a weekly report to these headquarters on each Saturday of the operations within your command during the preceding week.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., April 26, 1865.

Brigadier General W. T. TUCKER, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant, with its inclosure, handed to me this day by Brigadier General George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, and to inclose herewith a copy of an agreement entered upon between General Hodge and myself.

I am, general, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

AGREEMENT.

Whereas Lieutenant-General Taylor, commanding the Confederate Military Department of Mississippi, Alabama, and East Louisiana, has notified Brigadier General W. F. Tucker, C. S. Army, commanding the Confederate Military District of Mississippi and East Louisiana, that he has received assurances that a truce was declared between General Johnston, C. S. Army, and General Sherman, U. S. Army, on the 18th instant, with a view to a final settlement of difficulties, and has directed General Tucker to notify Major General N. J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Mississippi, of this suspension of hostilities; and,

Whereas General Tucker has directed Brigadier General George B. Hodge, C. S. Army, to arrange for a suspension of hostilities between the forces under the command of Major-General Dana, U. S. Army, and Brigadier-General Tucker, C. S. Army, therefore,

An armistice is agreed upon between Major-General Dana and Brigadier-General Tucker, subject to the approval of their respective superiors, the conditions of which are as follows:

First. The cessation of hostilities shall be total, and the troops on each side shall remain in statu quo.

