
Second. Either party reserves to itself the right to punish guerrillas and other offences against the peace, and to enforce the requisite police regulations within the limits of their respective commands.

Third. Existing regulations of trade and intercourse shall continue as heretofore under a liberal constructions of the present policy.

Fourth. This armistice shall commence and be binding on each party from and after the hour of 9 a. m. on the 28th instant.

Fifth. This armistice shall terminate forty-eight hours after the reception of notice by either of the parties from the other of their desire to terminate it, or immediately after the reception of notice by either party of the disapproval by the superiors of the other party agreeing hereto.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

(For Brigadier-General Tucker.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 188. Washington, April 26, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Lieutenant Colonel Lorenzo Sitgreaves, Corps of Engineers, having completed the duties to which he was assigned by the Chief Engineer U. S. Army, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Military Division of the Missouri for duty as engineer for the operations under his command.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, Ark., April 26, 1865.

Brigadier General JEFF. THOMPSON,

Commanding North Sub-District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 12th instant. The report of Major C. C. White, herewith inclosed,* will show what steps have been taken in the premises. I will punish the perpetrators of every species depredation whenever they can be caught and convicted. I have now in my possession two men, with regard to whom I request information, viz., Rutherford and Watkins. They are both said to be robbers and murderers. If you can furnish any evidence in their case the persons giving it shall have safe conduct to come and go.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

