HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES AT PINE BLUFF,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 26, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state that deserters from the rebel army are coming into this post at the rate of five per day. A majority of these by Price during his raid into Missouri, and to have homes in that State, to which during his raid into Missouri, and to have homes in that State, to which they are anxious to return. Others again wish to return to their farms in this State and raise a support for their families. The remainder seem uncertain what to do, but express a willingness to go any place where they can find employment. They are all anxious to take the oath and leave the rebel army. I respectfully ask instructions as to what disposition shall be made of these men. Shall I form them into camps here and furnish them subsistence, forward them to Little Rock, or give them transportation direct to any points north which they may elect? General Orders, Numbers 30, paragraph 5, current series, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, forbids local provost-marshals administering the oath of allegiance. Please inform me whether this applies to the provost-marshal of this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,April 26, 1865 - 9. 55 a. m.

General DODGE:

General Reynolds has sent to M. Jeff. Thompson offering same terms Grant gave Lee. It will be unnecessary for you to send.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

DE SOTO, MO., April 26, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Hilderbrand was day before yesterday again four miles east of Big River Mills with some men. It is new moon again, and he is getting ready for another raid. For pity's sake do detail ten men to Cadet. There are here at De Soto yet thirty-five men for duty, and twenty-five are certainly enough to hold this place. There will be trouble within the next two weeks. Please answer.

F. KELLERMANN.

SAINT LOUIS, April 26, 1865 - 4. 15 p. m.

General BEVERIDGE,

Cape Girardeau:

It is reported that Hilderbrand was four miles east of Big River Mills on the 24th instant.

By order of Brigadier-General Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

