
last satisfied with the protection they get. I shall send some cavalry down into the counties south of here as soon as I can arrange the matter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

WARRENSBURG, April 26, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I find that in Bates County and in Henry, and perhaps in others, there are organizations of forty or fifty active, brave, loyal men, who wish to be accepted under General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters State of Missouri, and, on account of their desire to remain in their own counties for local defense, object to consolidations which they think might operate to take them away. They are aware that they can organize as platoons under the militia law, but the militia is not called into service, and, moreover, they doubt if the State can promptly furnish them arms, ammunition, clothing, and partial subsistence, which they need. Some of these men have already been in active service without orders or promise or prospect of pay. All of them can assist in keeping their respective regions free from trouble. In fact, they can to a great extent do it unaided, if property put in the field. If General Orders, Numbers 3, were so modified as to allow platoons to be accepted, or if the militia were called out and promptly supplied, I believe these men and others in other counties would render invaluable service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1865.

Respectfully referred to his excellency the governor of Missouri.

It appears to me that such organizations should be authorized and armed by the State and not organized under Order Numbers 3. This will relieve the State of any expense in the matter of payment. The state can get the arms from the United States Government of it has not got them.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF MISSOURI,

April 30, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Chester Harding, commanding Central District of Missouri, with assurance that I will call into active service any platoon or company of Volunteer Missouri Militia he may at any time suggest, and on his approval of requisition for arms, &amp;c., they will be furnished.

THO. C. FLETCHER.

