
scouted they may return to their old route through Greenton Valley, the Snibar, and so on. You may use the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, now with you, and the other company when it reports. Captain Bernard is on his way from California to Lexington. That portion os his company at Hickman Mills has been relieved and os on its way to join you. You have also Wyckoff, Peery, Lieutenant Praul at Lone Jack, and Company A, Third Missouri State Militia, which ought now to be at Dover or near there. I shall not take any of this cavalry from you unless occasion requires it, but when I do you must fill up the gaps the best way you can. The Fiftieth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers has been ordered to the command; it is now on its way up the river. It will be posted at different points, and two companies will be in your sub-district, one at Waverly, and one at Berlin. As soon as the company arrives at Waverly, Company F must be removed to Sibley, which you know is opposite the mouth of Fishing River. There is no town there now, but the point is as important as it ever was. As soon as the militia is called out and placed under your command, order some of them to relieve Morton and move him to Napoleon. The general instructions to be given to all of the river posts are that they must actively scout around and between posts, keep up communications with each other as far as practicable, prevent guerrillas from assembling or crossing the river, protect the gun-boats, &amp;c. There is to be a chain of posts all the way to Jefferson City. Keep me fully advised of everything of importance occurring in the sub-district. Look out to have a good supply of ammunition. You can drawn from Leavenworth or Jefferson City. The chief ordnance officer of the district is at the latter place.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 26, 1865. (Received 2 p. m.)

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A soldier by the name of Canning Kemper, who seems to be a reliable man, came yesterday, having left the rebel army on the 3rd instant. He stated that the army was concentrating on the Red River at some point below Shreveport, and that all the troops that have been up the river in Texas have moved or will be moving down the Red River, excepting some two or three bands of guerrillas who were in the vicinity of Sherman, Tex., and designed to go out upon the plains and attack the trains moving were to Sante Fe and other points. Major Piercey's command and many of Anderson's men were part of the force that was going on to the plains. The army had no knowledge of our successes East. Portions of it were much demoralized, and three regiments had disbanded and gone home. Scout from Newton County, Ark., reports that Dobbin is now at Batesville, and that his command numbers 1,500 men, many of whom are now on furlough, but are all to report in Batesville on the 1st of May, proximo and there enlisted men of furlough say that the command will make a raid into Missouri as soon as they get together again, and also state that Dobbin has four pieces of artillery, but this I do not credit. There is general quiet in the district at present.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

