
MACON, April 26, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

saint Louis:

I have accompanied the Governor through Howard and Randolph Counties. We were not bushwhacked by the curs or revolutionists this time. The Governor and myself will be in Saint Louis on Friday to confer with yourself.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., April 26, 1865.

GEORGE S. PARK, Esq.,

Parkville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your valued favor of 21st instant, and hasten to reply. I am surprised at the apathy of the loyal men of Platte County. It is their own fault that they are not thoroughly organized. Nearly every county in my district is in the best state of preparation for apprehended trouble, excepting Platte. Why is this? Why have not your people enrolled and organized into companies or platoons as provided in the militia law? It was an easy thing to do. The law was plain, and because Eads was not right was no good reason for withholding earnest effort to organize! Organize! Organize! Platte County ought to have two companies of 100 men each, well armed with Spencer rifles and revolvers. Captain Fitzgerald has been authorized to organize one such company for active service immediately, and I will authorize any other good, brave man you may name for another company. I will authorize a platoon for your immediate section. Give me the name of a good, earnest, vigorous, honest man for your commanding officer and I will set him to work at once. I know of radical men in Platte County who could have organized the whole county by this time had they devoted the same energy to that most necessary work that they have given to the vacant civil offices.

I am glad to hear from you always, because I know I am getting the truth when you write. All volunteer troops are being withdrawn from North Missouri; martial law will soon be abrogated; civil law will be supreme. Spencer rifles must aid in the good work. Governor Fletcher is here with me to-day. I shall urge him to go to Platte County very soon and exhort your people to unite in harmonious vigor against the marauders. The end of the rebellions is very near. Redemption draweth night. Praise God from whom all blessings flow. I will do all I can for you while I remain in command, but hope soon to be in civilian clothing. Remember me with love to your good wife.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 86. Macon, Mo., April 26, 1865.

1. The Boone County company of volunteer militia, commanded by Captain H. N. Cook, is hereby called into active service, to date from April 21, 1865.

2. Lieutenant Colonel John Pinger, Forty-third Regiment Infantry Missouri Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as commanding officer post

