
and Sub-District of Saint Joseph, and will proceed without delay to join the regiment at Warrensburg, Mo., taking with him such officers and men of his regiment as may be on detached service in the Sub-District of Saint Joseph.

3. Commanding officer of the company of Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers will assume the duties of post commander until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General C. B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

COW CREEK, KANS., April 26, 1865.

[Major-General DODGE:]

GENERAL: On my arrival at this place last evening I found that the Indians had made a raid on this place and driven off sixteen head of mules and one pony. They did it in the night and when the men were up and passing about the buildings as usual. From the footprints (moccasins) it is believed to be a party from the north. Lieutenant Ehle and the number of pony tracks in the Plum Buttes, passing south. This and the number of Indians seen at different points leads me to believe that quite a party of Cheyennes and Sioux are about us, and need great care and caution to prevent further mischief. My runners are not in as yet, but I look for them every moment. If they should run into this party of hostiles they may meet with trouble, but I hope for the best. Should some of the Comanches or Arapahoes arrive soon I shall try and get them to go after this hostile band and to return the stolen stock. The stage company lost eleven mules; I lost four; the ranch one mules and pony.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Fort Zarah, Kans., April 26, 1865.

First Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In consequence of Indian troubles I have had to station Lieutenant Ehle, with forty men of Third Wisconsin Cavalry, at Cow Creek Ranch. When the two companies of infantry arrive at Fort Riley you will order one company on duty at Fort Riley and send the other to this post. Upon arrival here the commanding officer will report to me for orders.

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

COW CREEK STATIONS, SANTA FE ROAD, April 26, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I found on my arrival here yesterday that the stock of the ranch had been stolen the night before by Indians - sixteen mules and one pony. It is said by those who claim to have a knowledge of Indian tactics that they are Cheyenne or Sioux. I sent a dispatch to Little Arkansas Station to warn

