
ville and Brule Texas and Landry to the Shell Bank, on Lake Verret, for the purpose of watching that section of country and preventing any intended raids or thieving excursions. No regular day will be established for these scouts, as this would enable the enemy to ambush and perhaps defeat you. You will telegraph these headquarters whenever these parties are ordered out, giving time of starting, destination, and instructions in brief. Written reports of these expeditions will be made out and forward immediately after their return. These reports should always be forwarded in time to reach these headquarters not later in the week than Thursday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Brashear City, La., April 27, 1865.

Colonel W. O. FISKE,

First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, Donaldsonville, La.:

The general commanding the district directs that in future a weekly cavalry reconnaissance of forty men be made from your post to Bayou Goula, and another of 100 men once a week from your post across Grand Bayou to Bay Natchez, for the purpose of cleaning that section of country of guerrillas and jayhawkers. The expedition going to Bay Natchez will leave a guard of thirty men with the horses at Grand Bayou Crossing. No regular day will be established for these expeditions, as this would enable the enemy headquarters whenever these parties are started out, giving time of starting, destination, and instructions in brief. Written reports of these expeditions will be made out and forwarded immediately after their return. They should always be forwarded in time to reach these headquarters not later in the week than Thursday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 27. Vicksburg, Miss., April 27, 1865.

An armistice having been entered into between Major General N. J. T. Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, and the rebel authorities, there will be a total cessation of hostilities on the part of the Federal forces within the limits of this district from and after the hour of 9 a. m., 28th instant. The troops will remain in statu quo, and the same discipline and regulations will be observed and enforced as heretofore. This order is not intended to interfere in any way with the apprehension of guerrillas or other offenders against the peace, but, on the other hand, every possible exertion should be made for their arrest and punishment. This order to remain in force until revoked by competent authority.

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

A. C. FISK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

