
in compliance with orders, will report to Brigadier General George D. Wagner, commanding Saint Louis District, for duty. Immediate steps will be taken to arm and equip the regiment.

* * * * *

5. Colonel John G. Clark, Fiftieth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 8, headquarters Draft Rendezvous, Madison, Wis., with detachments of the Fiftieth, Fifty-second, and Fifty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, will proceed without delay with the detachment of the Fiftieth Wisconsin by railroad to Jefferson City, Mo., thence by steamer to Miami, Mo., and report by letter to Colonel C. Harding, commanding District of Central Missouri, at Warrensburg, Mo., for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation. The detachments of the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Wisconsin Volunteers will report for duty to Brigadier General G. D. Wagner, commanding Saint Louis District.

6. Captain E. S. Rowland, Battery K, Second Regiment Missouri Light Artillery Volunteers, with one section of his battery, without caissons, will at once proceed to Springfield, Ill., and report to Brigadier General John Cook for duty during the funeral ceremonies of the late President of the United States, which being ended, captain Rowland will return to his station at Franklin, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 96. Saint Louis, Mo., April 27, 1865.

1. In compliance with paragraph V, Special Orders, Numbers 109, current series, Department of the Missouri, Colonel Weydemeyer, commanding First Sub-District, will place one company of infantry at Saint Charles and half a company of infantry at Washington, taking if from Company I, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, at Hermann. He will cause due notice of the instructions contained in the above order to be given to all persons having in their custody ferry-boats, skiffs, flat-boats, the mouth of the Gasconade River and the mouth of the Missouri River, and after a reasonable length of time shall have been given them to comply therewith, Colonel Weydemeyer will seize all boats give them to as directed and arrest the persons having them in their custody. Colonel Weydmeyer will issue the necessary instructions to his subordinates to carry out the objects of the department commander in the matter.

* * * * *

3. The detachments of the Fifty-second and Fifty-Third Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel H. J. Lewis commanding, having reported in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 111, current series, Department of the Missouri, will report for duty to Colonel Bonneville, commanding Benton Barracks.

15 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

