HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo, Ter., April 27, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Fort Laramie:

Two hundred pack-mules and equipments have been ordered sent to you from Cottonwood. Dispose of your troops so as to prevent the Indians from crossing the Platte or Sweetwater. Where is Little Thunder's band?

By command:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 27, 1865.

Captain JAMES H. WHITLOCK,

Commanding at Las Cruces, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: By this mail you will received an order to establish Fort Selden. You will turn over the command of the post of Las Cruces to Lieutenant Jennings when you leave. You are authorized to take Lieutenant Oliphant, his first sergeants, company records, and, say, two other sergeants, two corporals, and twenty of the most dissipated of his men with you to Fort Selden, where you will need some mounted men. The best horses will be taken, and must be kept in condition all the time for immediate field service. As Lieutenant Jennings will be alone for some little time at Las Cruces, he should have the most sober, steady men stay with him; therefore you will select the men who are to go to Fort Selden. Generally the most dissipated men in towns are the best for field service. I hope Lieutenant Oliphant is more temperate than he used to be, otherwise his stay in the service will be very brief. Doctor Smith will live at Las Cruces, but he will attend the sick at Fort Selden. Those who are so sick as to go to a hospital will be taken to Las Cruses. You will have a fine hospital steward at Selden, and as soon as your hospital is completed Doctor Smith will be ordered there. Surgeon Bryan will write to Doctor Smith on the details of this matter. I shall be down, starting from here not later than the 10th proximo.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. - Oliphant can turn into store at Las Cruces all company property not necessary to take to Fort Selden. For this Lieutenant Jennings can give the usual receipts for property received for storage.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 27, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM BRADY,

Commanding at Fort Stanton, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I understand that people on the Rios Bonito, Ruidos, and Tularosa are fearful that the troops are to abandon Fort Stanton. This is not true. There will be at least two companies there during the summer months, and when the troops return from escort duty on the plains there will be, doubtless, one or more companies sent there to winter.

