
This last is not certain, but may be; so I wish you to inform the people in season for them to put in all the corps they can this spring. I shall leave for Franklin about the 10th of May, and shall return, doubtless, by Forts Stanton and Sumter. Have company gardens made down at what is known as the Apache farm, some twelve miles below the post, on the left bank of the river. There the land is irrigated by a large spring which issues from the bluffs. That place belongs to the United States and is not to be occupied by citizens. It is reserved for the use of the troops at Fort Stanton. Commence these at once. Plant all the ground you can. What is raised that may not be needed by the companies and hospital can be sold for company fund, so the men do the work. If any more Indians come about do you follow them as long as they make a track. The troops are stationed at Fort Stanton for a purpose, not to draw pay and eat rations without doing any service in the way of killing hostile Indians.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 28, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: From a dispatch which has been submitted to me by the Acting Secretary of State, received from the U. S. consul at Teneriffe, it appears that the rebel ram Stonewall left that island, where she obtained a supply of coal, on the evening of the 1st instant, and steamed rapidly to the south. It is believed that her destination is some point on our coast. The Stonewall is represented by all parties to be a very formidable vessel and to posses superior speed. It behooves us to be prepared against surprise and to adopt every precaution to prevent injury from her. The Department has to-day advised all the squadrons and the navy-yards of the movements of the Stonewall, and directed that all the available formidable force be prepared to resist her approach. To give additional security, I would suggest that the commandants of the forts for the defense of our harbors be advised of the contemplated approach of the Stonewall and prepared to consent her advance should she make her appearance.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 193. Washington, April 28, 1865.

* * * * *

50. Captain E. S. Richards, Assistant Adjutant-General of volunteers, will report in person without delay to Brevet Major-General Sully, U. S. Volunteers, commanding District of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa, or duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

