
Captain Bicker reports that the citizens above are unable to stop it. I have the honor to request that a small steamer be sent down there with lumber and workmen, if any can be spared, to report to captain Bicker, at Chalmette, to aid in this work.

Very respectfully,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,

Brashear, April 28, 1865.

Major HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana, New Orleans:

A crevasse occurred about two miles below La Fourche Crossing on this the west side yesterday morning. The provost-marshal of the parish of La Fourche has visited it and reports to me that it is about 150 feet wide. It has caused the water in the bayou at Thibodeaux to fall about three feet. The backwater has reached as far as the railroad, but it is thought it will not injure the road. It is believed to have been cut by private individuals to benefit their lands by the deposit which it will leave. Had it broken above the railroad or on the east side above Rockland, it would have prevented the use of the road for months.

Yours, &amp;c.,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, April 28, 1865.

Captain H. K. BICKER,

Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding, Chalmette:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you turn out the whole population in your vicinity and stop the break in the levee of possible. The services of the superintendent in charge of levees has been applied for to co-operate with you.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BAYOU BOEUF STATION, April 28, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I received information yesterday, 27th instant, at 10 a. m., that Lieutenant Omar Boudreaux, of the rebel Whitaker's company, had passed out of Bayou Black into Bayou Chene two hours previously in a boat with six other rebels, and was moving rapidly down the latter stream. I immediately telegraphed the information to your headquarters. An hour later, having received no orders in the case, I took twelve men on boats and gave chase, believing that they heavy rain falling at the time would induce Boudreaux to stop somewhere about the lower end of the Chene. I went as far as Sweet Bay Lake, at the mouth of the Chene, and satisfied myself that he had passed on without stopping anywhere. I could only conjecture what course he has taken, as it was exceedingly difficult to get any information from the inhabitants, and it being nearly night-fall I abandoned

