
24, 1865, I have the honor to report that I marched with my command from Greenton Valley, Lafayette County, Mo., on the 25th instant and arrived at this station of the afternoon of the 27th instant. I had the country scouted thoroughly on each side of the road from Greenton Valley to this place. I have sent out two scout this morning and will send out the third one this evening. I most respectfully ask for instructions in regard to my operations in this part of the district.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EVANS,

Captain Company M, 1st Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1865 - 4. 20 p. m.

Colonel POTTER, Fort Leavenworth:

General Connor telegraphs that his cavalry are on half rations; that the troops have been in the habit of seizing all kinds of trains, citizens' and Government, and since he has put a stop to it cuts him down in transportation, so that he cannot make his campaign without more. He requests that 100 wagons be loaded with corn at Omaha or Nebraska City and sent to him at Fort Laramie immediately. Have you got the teams at Omaha or Nebraska City? If not, now many have you? Perhaps part can be sent from there and part from Leavenworth. It is important that Connor gets off before long.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1865 - 12 m.

Brigadier-General CONNOR, Denver:

Your letter of April 14 to General Dodge has been laid before me. General Sully, with 1,200 cavalry and some light guns, will march from Fort Pierre about May 15, by way of north side of Black Hills, to a point on Powder River 150 or 200 miles north of Laramie. At that point a large post will be established, to be supplied probably from Laramie. His object is to fight the hostile Sioux or other Indians of that region and establish this post. It is desired that you co-operate with him as far as possible, and keep yourself, advised of his movements by scouts and runners so that your expedition may co-operate. It is hoped that your combined movements into that region this simmer may bring about conclusive results. It is not, however, intended to any restrain on account of Sully's expedition. You need only depend upon and act in conjunction with it as you may deem judicious. Sully is advised on this subject.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of the Plains, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of date 14th instant. I think it is important you should move pretty soon, for following reasons: General Sully, with 1,200 mounted men, moves early

