
in May. He will make his objective point some place on Powder River, and it is agreed that your movements shall be in concert. General Sully's movement will be northwest of Black Hills. He will establish a post on Powder River about 150 miles from Laramie and will leave Sioux City about May 12. You are the best judge how your move shall be made to make it successful. Your idea of finding the location of Indians is good. I supposed that was known, and think you should go straight at their villages, especially should they endeavor to annoy you with small armed parties. I shall soon forward you eight companies of Fifth Regiment U. S. Volunteers, which will add to your strength. The officers left in charge of the Overland Route should have instructions to concentrate the cavalry left behind in case the Indians should get in the rear and come back on the Overland Route.

What is your idea of the length of time you will have to be absent? I telegraphed you to give protection to the party of Pacific Railroad engineers under Mr. Evans. Should they want supplies or any aid, give such instructions that they can received them. We have labored under great difficulty in not being informed in advance in relation to what was wanted, what supplies, &amp;c. If you will see that we get proper notice I will see that you are fully supplied. It takes time to get these supplies to the depots. Also inform the quartermaster and commissary at Leavenworth of the depots established or decided upon by you. We shall have to supply General Sully's command from Fort Laramie, but I have the estimate and will see that they go forward from here. Write me fully your plan of campaign.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 28, 1865 - 4. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Denver:

Do you want the trains turned over to you to use on the plains, or only to take the corn and return? We shall probably have to send the trains from Leavenworth. You can make headquarters at Julesburg.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM M. JOHNS,

Third Battalion California Infantry,. Camp Douglas, Utah:

COLONEL: I deem it necessary and importance in a military point of view, as well as for the benefit of the Pacific States, that a better and nearer road than the present one should be made between Denver and Salt Lake; and having assurance that such a road can be made over the route by Uintah Valley and Middle Park, saving in distance 200 miles, and passing over a country fertile and well timbered, and which by building the road will be open to settlement and cultivation, and also shortening the time of transmission of the overland mail

