
of the Missouri, current series having been duly mustered into service on the 28th day of March, 1865, is hereby ordered into active service from that date.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Macon, Mo., April 3, 1865.

Hon. WILLIAM HERRON,Savannah, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your valued favor of the 31st ultimo, and thank you for the information therein. You have discharged your duty fearlessly. I wish every civil and military officer would do the same think. We should then have a better state of society. I am pained to have the last suspicion that Circuit Attorney Parker winked at the Saint Joe Military Prison attorney iniquity, and hope that investigation will show that he has had no complicity with the wrong practiced upon prisoners, or has endeavored in any way to shield any guilty attorney from the just blows of the offended law. I have always had a high opinion of Parker, and should regret the necessity of changing it. I assure you I shall not hesitate to go to the bottom of the iniquity, caring not those whose fingers are pinched in the operation. Saint Joseph has done well. I trust that every county in your district will thus lay hold of the horns of the altar of civil liberty, law, and order. I will act as your aide-de-camp, while I shall in no case relax my energies and preparations to properly meet and exterminate armed outlaws. I will in every proper instance stand second in command to the civil authorities. Lawlessness and a mobocratic spirit were born of the great barbarism - slavery. I trust the good name of loyalty and freedom will not be tarnished by contact with the relics of the abomination now dead, thank God. I have seen Governor Fletcher since my interview with you and gave him a history of the rise and fall of the Hill conspiracy to accumulate greenbacks. Your reappointment is beyond doubt. I shall be pleased to hear from you frequently.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Macon, Mo., April 3, 1865.

Major R. A. DE BOLOT,

District Provost-Marshal, Macon, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that it has come to my knowledge that many persons have been arrested and imprisoned for a long time by some of your subordinates upon evidence insufficient to warrant the military authorities restraining citizens of their liberty. Great care should be exercised in the use of the arbitrary power confined to provost-marshals, and we cannot be too cautions in receiving as truth the statements of apparently good men who seek through the military power the punishment of neighbors for alleged offenses, old grudges, local animosities, and private griefs, to frequently seek adjustment through the military arm of power, much to the scandal and prejudice

