
in Shreveport. Marmaduke's old division of cavalry is broken up. A part is in Texas, a part on white River, and many were dismounted and compelled to join infantry regiments. General Shelby was at Shreveport at the time they left, but his command companies was at Clarksville, Tex. Shaver's battalion and two or three companies of Texas cavalry were on duty in Shreveport. The railroad is running from Marshall, Tex., to within twelve miles of Shreveport. Two of the men were from the iron-clad Missouri. Her armament is one 11-inch gun (smooth-bore) in the starboard angle of the bow; one 32-pounder gun (smooth-bore) in the port angle of the bow, and one 9-inch (smooth-bore) amidships on pivot, to be used on either side. No ports in the stern. She draws nine feet of water. The smoke stack is twenty feet forward of the main hatch. She has never attempted to stem the current alone. They all express the opinion that she will not attempt to come below Alexandria. Her crew is about eighty men. The following is a list of her officers: Lieutenant-Commander Carter, commanding; Lieutenant Crain, executive officer; Lieutenant Larmour; John A. Douglass, master; Musgrave, master; Benthall, acting master; Shaw, midshipman; Condor, boatswain; Florey, gunner; Cobert, chief engineer; Dorsey, second engineer. The principal transports above Alexandria are the Mary T., the General Quitman, and the G. L. Hodge. One of these men was from the Steam-Boat Battalion, composed of White; s and Stewart's companies. White's company was at Marksville, La., and Stewart's twenty miles below Alexandria. They were very much scattered, doing picket duty. The rebels are still at work on the forts at Alexandria, though they are nearly completed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, La., April 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District, Brashear City, La.:

GENERAL: It is reported to these headquarters that an attempt will be made by the rebel ram Missouri to get out of the Red River by the Atchafalaya during the present high water. Look out for her. Acknowledge receipt.

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRASHEAR, April 29, 1865. (Received 4. 50 p. m.)

Major HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

Yours in regard to the rebel ram Missouri is received.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-Genera, Commanding District.

