
laughed and talked. The guns in Fort Brashear garrisoned by this battery are neglected, screws rusty, &amp;c. I design commencing the stated inspection of troops on Monday next, begriming at Brashear City.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. SOUTHWICK,

Captain, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Acting Assistant Inspector-General, District of La Fourche.

WASHINGTON, April 30, 1865 - 1 p. m.

Major-General DANA,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

Station troops at Rodney or that vicinity at once, with cavalry to patrol the river and prevent all rebels from crossing it. It is probable Davis and his cabinet will try to cross. If they do it will be between the mouth of Big Black and Natchez. Call upon the navy for co-operation, and make every preparation to intercept him if he should. Notify commander at Baton Rouge to the same effect and communicate your action.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., April 30, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Vicskburg:

GENERAL: By the inclosed copy of telegram* from the honorable Secretary of war you will see that the armistice agreed upon by General Sherman and General Johnston has been disapproved. I have forwarded a copy of the same to Major-General Canby, at Mobile, but have not as yet received any instructions. It is generally supposed here that Jeff. Davis and other prominent members of the rebel government will attempt to cross the Mississippi River for the purpose of making their way to Mexico. The river at all points that there is any probability of their effecting a crossing should be well guarded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General .

WASHINGTON, April 30, 1865 - 11. 30 a. m.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

You may release the prisoners you have on their taking the amnesty oath and oath of allegiance, exercising your discretion about those who should not have this privilege extended to them. Invite every one to lay down their arms on the same terms, except you will only parole those who do not come within the President's amnesty proclamation.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* See Stanton to Canby, April 25, p. 187.

---------------

