HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Harrisburg, Ark., April 30, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS, U. S. Army,

Commanding U. S. Forces in Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your favor of the 18th instant, inclosing a copy of your communication to Major General J. F. Fagan, has this instant reached me. * Being disposed to believe that you are actuated by philanthropic principles in making these propositions, or are acting in conformity to orders, I receive them in more kindness than I otherwise would, but I respectfully and most positively decline accepting your offer. While frankly admitting that the news that has reached me of the condition of the Confederate cause in Virginia is very discouraging, yet believing firmly in the justness of our cause and our ability to succeed in the course of time, I will march firmly on in the path of my duty until my Government or superior officers shall bid me stop, which I hope and pray will never be until the Southern people are a free and independent nation. I regret exceedingly the necessity of sacrificing more "brave men," and mourn for the suffering of our people, but it seems only thus that it is possible to gain our independence, and we must meet the shock and bear the brunt as our forefathers did in '76, and I therefore cheerfully bear my portion of "the responsibility" and will abide the consequences.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Allow me to express my sincere regret and horror at the manner in which President Lincoln came to his death.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Mouth of White River, Ark., April 30, 1865.

Major C. C. WHITE,

Provost-Marshal-General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report information received from deserters since the 15th instant as follows:

Captain William A. Bull, late provost-marshal, Bradley County, Ark., who took the oath of allegiance here April 24, reported that he was told by Garland, rebel Member of Congress from Arkansas, that Kirby Smith was at Shreveport with a force of 10,000 cavalry and an infantry force of 20,000, and was ordered to Arkansas, intending to start about that time (24th). Another deserter (Delanny) was told by Colonel White, Twelfth Missouri Infantry and provost-marshal Second District of Arkansas, April 10, being then direct from Shreveport, that Kirby Smith had 10,000 cavalry and 30,000 infantry at that place. His horses were shod and preparations nearly completed for a move in some direction. April 15, Kirby Smith was still at Shreveport

---------------

* See inclosure, Reynolds to Pope, April 19, p. 134.

---------------

