
of honesty and loyalty. You will direct your assistant provost-marshal to henceforth, in each case of arrest and imprisonment, to immediately report to me at these headquarters in writing the evidence upon which such arrest has been made, and the names of parties who caused the arrest. Each prisoners will be instructed to make a full report in writing of his case, and the cause of his arrest as he understands it, and forward the same to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GLASGOW, April 3, 1865.

General C. B. FISK:

I learn that Captain Joseph Gooch, Lieutenant Bragg, Holtzclaw, Lindsley Peyton, Reuben Peyton, and Kit Peyton, all guerrillas from Howard County, are at or near Nebraska City. Gooch's wife went up a few days since. They have some stock at Prairie Home, near there. It is believed they are preparing to cross the plains.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

MEXICO, April 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Lieutenant Lehman reports having killed a bushwhackers in Callaway, ten miles south of Bloomfield. The follow's name was Scott.

DAN. M. DRAPER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, No. 11. Milwaukee, Wis., April 3, 1865.

The following-named officers constitute the staff of the major-general commanding. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major T. J. Weed, additional aide-de-camp and chief of staff; Major T. I. McKenny, additional aide-de-camp, inspector-general, and chief of cavalry; Major C. S. Charlot, assistant adjutant-general; Major S. S. Curtis, Second Colorado Cavalry, aide-de-camp and judge-advocate; Captain I. N. Mason, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, acting chief quartermaster; Major W. W. Burns, commissary of subsistence, chief commissary; Lieutenant Colonel Ebenezer Swift, surgeon, U. S. Army, medical director; Major R. H. Hunt, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, chief of ordnance and artillery; Captain R. J. Hinton, Second Kansas Colored Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. P. Curtis, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, No. 58. Milwaukee, Wis., April 3, 1865.

I. Major T. I. McKenny, additional aide-de-camp, having reported is assigned to duty form the 23rd of March ultimo.

