
a bad time to starve them, for I want to encourage them, to work for the next few months. I advise you of these facts and solicit such assistance as you may be able to render.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 4, 1865.

Colonel LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Norris, with seventy-four men of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, has just returned from a four days' scout, going about fifty miles southeast. Report having killed 1 lieutenant, and bringing in 10 prisoners, with no casualties on our side. Also brought in about 90 head of cattle.

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS, Pilot Knob, Mo., April 4, 1865.

Major H. HANNAHS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Eleven bridges have been washed away; also several miles of the track above Pevely Station. It is estimated that it would take a month or six weeks yet to put the railroad in running order. Fifty wagons have gone to Saint Genevieve for forage. If it can be furnished at that point to-morrow morning we can get along well. We have full forage to include the 6th; subsistence to include the 30th. I have connection with Cape Girardeau by telegraph. The troops in the Third Sub-District can be supplies with subsistence from here, as the road is in good condition to Mineral Point. Yesterday, 3 p. m., Hilderbrand, with fifty men appeared at Doe Run, about four miles south of Farmington, robbing teams, &amp;c. I have 115 men after him, and have sent instructions to outposts to endeavor to head him off. I have just organized an expedition into the lower part of the district, which is delayed temporarily. When I start it, it can perform the double object of scout and carrying out year Special Orders, No. 71, of March 29. It is very currently reported here that Shelby is organizing a raid in this direction. The horses of his command are being shod for that purpose near Pocahontas, Ark. Do what you can to get forage to Saint Genevieve for us to-morrow morning.

D. J. HYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., April 4, 1865-7. 35 p. m.

Colonel HYNES:

I have sent a force to Indian Ford. They will get there by 6 a. m. to-morrow. I will keep a good watch on all the roads that I think the guerrillas are likely to travel. I have no news concerning them.

JAMES SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

