
out in your front, and if he should attempt to pass near your command intercept and capture him if possible. General Washburn will send this information to all commanders on the Mississippi.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major- General, U. S . Army, Commanding.

(Copy forwarded by Washburn to Dana, April 28.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 1, 1865.

Lieutenant COMMANDER COMMANDING U. S. S. LOUISVILLE:

The U. S. S. Vindicator having left for up river most unexpectedly to me, and it being of the utmost importance that I should immediately communicate with the officer commanding the district, I inclose a confidential dispatch* for him, which I beg you will place in his hands with as little delay as practicable. In view of the importance of the matter and of the danger of hazard to delay I inclose also for your information a copy of my dispatch+ to Lieutenant-Commander Hoel, and I request, unless your orders positively prohibit it, that you will move your vessel to the mouth of the Yazoo until you receive orders from Lieutenant Hoel.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez:

I inclose for your information a copy of a telegram from Major- General Thomas, just received here. ++ It would appear most likely that Jeff. Davis might attempt to cross in the vicinity of Grand Gulf, Rodney, or Bruinsburg, or in that of Jackson point, or Fort Adams, or Tunica Bend. You have already a garrison at Rodney, and I shall now send to that vicinity, to land at Bruinsburg, all the mounted men I have here (about 400), and some dismounted cavalry. The latter will probably proceed up Bayou Pierre to Port Gibson, and the former will make a circuit to the rear of that place, with a view also of capturing Captain Glenney, the naval traitor, who is there. BRIGADIER- General Osband has this moment reported here with 450 men of his regiment, from Memphis, for the same duty. I send him to you to be used to intercept Jeff. His service in this department is only temporary. it appears most important that the navy should patrol actively, and especially that Captain McCauley should carefully guard the mouth of Bayou Pierre, as there are one or two cotton- boats up there with Jeff. might seize and attempt to run out with a guard of his cavalry dismounted. I think McCauley ought to require for the present that every cotton- trading boat in his district should lie closely under his guns. A gun- boat ought also guard the mouth of Big Black, as there is a small canal propeller belonging to Mr. William Butler up there. Osband will leave here at midnight to- night.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

---------------

*Next, post.

+Next, ante.

++See p. 281.

---------------

