
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 21. Natchez, Miss., May 1, 1865.

The loyal and well- disposed inhabitants of the counties of Claiborne, Jefferson, and Adams, of the State of Mississippi, and the parish of Concordia, State of Louisiana, are freely permitted to bring into the city of Natchez live- stock, marketing, provisions of all kinds, fuel, and materials required for the use of the inhabitants, and are allowed to take out such supplies as may be required for family use, not to exceed in value the products brought in. For these purposes persons with produce as above indicated, on presenting themselves at the lines and exhibiting their oath of allegiance, may be passed in and out with such family supplies as are properly permitted by the Treasury agent and approved at the district headquarters. His permission will not authorize the importation of products for shipment or intercourse for other than the public benefit.

By order of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 1, 1865- 12 noon. (Received 1 p. m.)

Quartermaster here has received orders from Quartermaster- General to buy no more horses; so Reynolds' cavalry will remain without horses. only about one-third the necessary number has been sent. I have not yet heard from officer I sent to Kirby Smith offering same terms you gave to Lee. I have little doubt they will be accepted as soon as authentic news reaches Red River of surrender of all forces east of Mississippi. I incline strongly to belief that no campaign west of Mississippi will be necessary, and would therefore advise that preparations for it be not hurried. Rivers very high and streams in Arkansas impassable. I would think it well to wait a couple of weeks to see what Kirby Smith may do. The high water is likely to keep up for six weeks, so we can get all supplies we want up to Fort Smith for a long time yet. it seems useless to subject the Government to the great expense of getting ready for the campaign until it is certain that Kirby Smith won't surrender. The streams and swamps in Arkansas are in such condition that we cannot commence a land movement for some time.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C. May 1, 1865- 9 p. m. (Received 2nd)

Major-General POPE:

You may suspend preparations for campaign west of the Mississippi for the present. If Kirby Smith attempts to hold out, a force will be sent to overrun the whole country west of the Mississippi.

U. S . GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

