SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 115. Saint Louis, Mo., May 1, 1865.

* * * * *

8. The battalion of the Fourteenth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers now stationed at Benton Barracks, Mo., will proceed without delay by steamer to Jefferson City, Mo.: thence march to Versailles, Mo., where regimental headquarters will be established. The commanding officer will report for duty by telegraph from Jefferson City to Colonel C. Harding, Jr., commanding District of Central Missouri, at Warrensburg, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

10. Upon the receipt of this order at headquarters District of orth Kansas the Independent Battery U. S. Colored LIGHT Artillery stationed at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., will be dismounted. The horses will be turned over to the quartermaster's department and the horse equipments to the ordnance department and the battery placed on duty as heavy artillery.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

WARRENSBURG, Mo., May 1, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to report that during the period since the last tri- monthly return from this district the troops ave been kept active. About thirty- four bushwhackers have been killed in the district. The larger part of them were killed by the militia. I take it to be a good sign of returning peace that the citizens are taking this thing of bushwhacking into their own hands. The Missouri River is effectually guarded. The mail line and the line of the Pacific Railroad from Kansas City to Warrensburg are unmolested. With the cavalry which is coming here to look after matters south of this point I fear no organization of troops in force. I can collect my troops together before the enemy can make headway. I think it probable that in this district we will have the worst elements of the disbanding armies of the rebels to deal with. They have friends, wives, mistresses, fathers, mothers, &amp;c., living with us. my men will certainly kill them if they come in through the brush. I respectfully suggest that some general plan be made known by which repentant rebels may have at least the benefit of becoming prisoners of war.

I am, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Marshall, Mo., May 1, 1865.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, mo:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that twice I have been stationed here I have kept the men of my command constantly scouting out every

