
day and night, only on muster day, April 30, when I had them all in to be mustered, I have to- day about 100 men in the brush until we kill or drive out every bushwhacker and murderer who infests this country. The men who are out are on te trail of a band of twelve bushwhackers, and I hear of fifteen within three miles of Arrow Rock who took dinner at a Mrs. Scripture's, and her son went off with them. I shall endeavor to call on her soon.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Company M, First Cava. Missouri State Militia Commanding Station.

EL DORADO, KANS., May 1, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Upper Arkansas:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report my scout in the Indian country between Whitewater and Arkansas Rivers. I have had an interview with the chiefs of the Shawnees and Delawares thorough their old interpreter (Mr. Hill). They say that they expect the Southern Indians near the Arkansas may be in about three weeks, maybe sooner. This they learned from the Osage Indians. Knowing the facts, I asked the chiefs if they were willing to give me some of their good Indians for scouts, &amp;c., to which they replied that they are ready at any moment. My plan was to take some of them with me as scouts and guides, at least as many as I thought proper; some of them to watch on the other side of the Arkansas, so if there is any force coming I will know in time to report so the troops may be moved accordingly. In regard to the Kiowas and Comanches, I have heard nothing since the killing of the se Mexicans, but the Shawnees say that they are still on the lookout for them and will report their movements to me. During my conversation with those chiefs a few of the Shawnees returned from a buffalo hunt, saying that they do not like the action of the Kiowas and others. Thy say "Some for peace, some for fight; no good. " My rations are due on the 10th of this month. I think you had better send me one month's rations if there is a prospect of my remaining here; also a few hundred extra rations for those Indians, if my plan is approved by the general commanding, for I am satisfied that this is the point to scout for the benefit of the troops west as well as southeast. on my last scout I ordered all white man that are straggling about int he Indian country to leave, for I am satisfied their business is not for the good of the Gt a man has papers ; to prove what business he is on. Some can come in from Texas as spies, &c., therefore I think proper even to arrest such parties. Please answer me about this. I very respectfully ask for some more men as soon as possible. I have but twelve men here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WISE,

First Lieutenant C company D, Second Regiment Colorado Cavalry,

Commanding outpost of Kansas.

P. S. - Some bands of the Kiowas reported below Cow Creek and little Arkansas. Please give me notice how General Ford is moving.

