
DENVER, May 1, 1865.

Major- General DODGE:

I have received General Pope's dispatch. * I find at this late day that the troops at Laramie and vicinity are nearly out of ammunition. I will be ready, however, when the time comes.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 8. Denver, Colo. Ter., May 1, 1865.

I. The headquarters of the District of the Plains is hereby transferred to Julesburg, Colo. All reports, returns, and correspondence will hereafter be directed to that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the general commanding and staff.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier- General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 1, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: Lieutenant Munger, Veteran Reserve Corps, arrived here yesterday with about 100 ex-rebels for service int his district, and it is reported that 200 more are intended to be sent. I made an appeal to General Pope while he was in immediate command of the department to refrain from ordering any more of these men to this district. I have now about 300 apart from those received yesterday, making 400 without a single officer, Lieutenant Munger being ordered back to Milwaukee. I have made the best disposition I could of these ex- rebel deserters, but experience has already demonstrated the necessity of stationing other troops with them to keep them in any sort of order, and I cannot do this without materially interfering with operations. There are some good men among these ex- rebels, but the large proportion are desperate characters, who can only be dealt with by the strong hand. If they were officered I could get along with them. I trust no more of these men will be sent here under existing circumstances. I respectfully ask that Lieutenant Munger be immediately ordered back to his company.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, FIELD ORDERS, ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 33. Mobile, Ala., May 2, 1865.

All officers and men of the rebel army who enter the lines of this military division under the stipulation of the surrender of General Lee

---------------

*See April 28, p. 237.

---------------

