
to General Grant are required to report without delay to the respective post commander or provost- marshal. The latter officer will register the names, rank, corps, &amp;c., of all such persons and furnish them with passes to proceed to and remain at their homes without molestation so long as they observe the conditions of their paroles and the regulations and laws in force at their places of residence. *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 2, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The major- general commanding directs that orders be issued to commanders of troops within the limits of your department east of the Mississippi River to cease all offensive operations and destruction of property, except so far as they might be necessary to counteract aggressive movements on the part of the enemy. The troops will, however, continue to be kept well in hand for any purpose for which they might be required. No relaxation will take place in our efforts for the capture of Jeff. Davis and company or the murderer of Abraham Lincoln and his associates. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major- General Dana.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 2, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding northern Division of Louisiana, Baton Rouge:

GENERAL: Information being received that officers of the rebel army under command of General Kirby Smith are desirous of a conference upon the subject of the capitulation of the forces west of the Mississippi, you are authorized to communicate with any officers of that army at any point in the vicinity of the posts under your command, and to receive from them such information and propositions upon te subject of surrender as they may be ready to submit. Such propositions will be reported without affirmation or approval on your part, with a statement of all that may trapoire during any interview you may hold with these officers, to these headquarters, in order that they may at once be laid before the commander of the division.

I remain, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Republished May 4, as General orders, Numbers 44, Military Division of West Mississippi.

---------------

19 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT II

