HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., April 4, 1865-6. 40 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,Saint Louis:

I do not learn of any more rebels crossing the Arkansas. The hundred that came over are reported to be on Saginaw, near the nation. I have sent troops there to capture or drive this band back. It is said to be Major Piercey's command. We have captured all that band of fourteen that I telegraphed about a few days since near Ozark, four of them wounded. They were well armed and mounted and going to North Missouri to spend the summer. My scout from the vicinity of Batesville reports that all Dobbin's command, four regiments, had been ordered to cross the Arkansas and join the main army. It may be that this force had appeared on the north side of the river the view of crossing, in obedience to such orders.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Please keep me advised of any information you may obtain of guerrilla movements in Southwest Missouri. I will also communicate to you direct any facts I may learn that will be of importance to you. It is essential that we co-operate with each other to insure success in putting down the numerous small bands of bushwhackers that will operate in Southwest Missouri and on the border this spring and summer.

JAMES G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, No. 68. Macon, MO., April 4, 1865.

I. Glad tidings of great joy have been announced to the country. At 8. 15 o'clock on the morning of Monday, April 3, A. D. 8165, the army of General Grant occupied the city of Richmond, late the capital of the so-called Southern Confederacy, and conquering legions are pursuing the routed, retreating rebels. The troops at the post of Macon, together with the citizens of the city, will this day celebrate the glorious victory the Lord of Hosts has vouchsafed to our arms. The several military offices at the post, including district headquarters, will be closed at noon, at which hour a national salute will be fired from Fuchs' battery, Second Missouri Artillery. All the troops at this post will be paraded under arms at 3 p. m., and join with the give civic procession in honor of the occasion. Captain F. William Fuchs, Second Missouri Artillery, commandant of the post of Macon, is charged with the execution of this order.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

