
general desire seems to be to postpone such acting until after the June convention at Vicksburg. Copies of Burwell's address and your letter to me are being circulated freely outside. Should you determine, however, to take acting before the convention meets I would suggest the name of the former mayor, William Dix, for mayor; M. R. Wallace as recorder, William Eustis as treasurer. The former common council might be continued, also, on taking the prescribed oath.

I am, general, very respectfully,

J. W . DAVIDSON,

Brigadier- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 111. Natchez, Miss., May 2, 1865.

1. Brevet Brigadier-General Osband, having reported his command at these headquarters in compliance with paragraph 5, of Special Orders, Numbers 146, current series, from headquarters Department of Mississippi, will proceed with his command to Fort Adams, Miss., pursuant to the instructions already given him, reporting by first opportunity his arrival at that point and his movements thereafter.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. W . Davidson:

B. F. MOREY,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,

Natchez, Miss., May 2, 1865.

Colonel W. C. EARLE,

Commanding Post of Rodney, Miss.:

COLONEL: You are directed to use the utmost vigilance at the post of Rodney. I have just received information that you may be attacked by a force of from 1,500 to 2,000 men. Your force is sufficient, if the precautions I enjoined upon you when at Rodney have been taken. You must work day and night at the redoubt until finished and put the buildings occupied in the lower part of the town in a complete state of defense. Your outposts must be vigilant, and pay attention to the companies of the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry that their duties are performed with more strictness. A gun- boat has been ordered to anchor at Rodney during the night and the nearest patrol- boat to repair to you at the sound of cannon. You must use every precaution against surprise.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 2, 1865.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Commanding District o Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the armistice affecting this front, which began the 28th ultimo,

