
I do not think it safe to depend upon averaging more than ten miles per day to the Red River, though if everything should prove favorable fifteen miles may be made. This will require about twenty days to the Red River, say Fulton or Laynesport. General Blunt will probably get off to- day for Fort Gibson. I have made arrangements to supply him with light artillery for his command. The following regiments will be ordered to Fort Gibson at once; Fourteenth Kansas Calvary, now at Pine Bluff; Sixth Kansas Cavalry, now at Devall's Bluff (Sixth and ninth consolidated); Second Kansas Cavalry (to be consolidated with FIFTH and Seventh) now at Lewisburg. Copy of letter to Governor Crawford herewith sent will explain action taken in accordance with you indorsement on Governor C. 's application for the consolidation of the Kansas cavalry regiments. General Blunt has been instructed (copy inclosed) in reference to the reorganization of the Indian troops at Fort Gibson. The Canadian horses will be forwarded immediately on tier arrival. It is understood that the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry is to join General Blunt. The battalion of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry now at Devill's Bluff will be ordered to Kansas as soon as it can be replaced, the consolidation and removal from that place of the Sixth and Ninth Kansas rendering it imprudent to move it immediately. I sent Captain C. A. Henry, acting corps quartermaster, to Saint Louis to confer with Colonel Myers on the subject of transportation. he can give much information concerning the country from the Arkansas River to Camden and vicinity. We have not been able thus far to learn much about the country south of the Red River except in very general terms. I send what additional information Captain Wheeler has procured.

We have one pontoon train, canvas boats, and will require another, wooden boats, for which requisition has been made. Colonel Simpson, of the engineers, reports that he will promptly furnish it from Cincinnati. It might be well for you to request him not to delay. We are organizing one engineer regiment, with good prospect of filling it very promptly I request that you will telegraph the War Department to make appointments of a department quartermaster and a corps quartermaster for Seventh Corps. I have long d for those places, respectively, Cpt. Henry T. Noble and Captain C. A. henry, but can get no cation. It is but justice to them and the department that some action be taken and that one or both be appointed, as may be decided. The Arkansas River is now navigable to Fort Gibson- certainly to Fort Smith- and promises to continue navigable to Fort Smith during the month of June, but it is extremely uncertain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

]Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 105. Little Rock, Ark., May 2, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers (dismounted) is hereby detached from the Second Brigade, Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, at Pine Bluff and will be reported without delay to the commanding officer at Fort Gibson for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * *

