
Booneville, MO., May 2, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

I penned nine bushwhackers on an island about sixteen miles below here. Captured eight horses and equipments; also arrested one citizen for assisting them to cross the river. The guerrillas escaped in the brush. I will report as soon as possible*

A. A. PUTNAM,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, May 2, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint louis:

Your order in regard to refugees received and promulgated. We should have no trouble here with them if it was not for the unending stream of the men pouring in from Arkansas and Texas. In the vicinity of Fayetteville, and between Cassville and Fayetteville, several deaths from starvation have occurred of women and children the past month, as I am reliably informed. As soon as the winter wheat crop matures this condition will terminate, and the issue of rations can stop without causing great suffering. It seems that to stop the issue prior to that time will result in the loss of much life. There are no guerrillas now and none have passed through since the party of fifty, nearly all of whom were killed, as I am informed, before reaching the railroad. Another deserter from General Gano's command has come and states that quite a force of rebels had been sent by Kirby Smith to Hampstead, in Texas.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, May 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Major Cooper had an interview with Lieutenant Munday on Pea Ridge on Friday. He says all his men except ten have surrendered to the colonies; that he is disgusted with the war, and will never fight again. He has gone back to induce the remainder to surrender. He has promised to come to Fayetteville with Lieutenant Munday this week. There are now five flourishing colonies if Benton County, namely, Bentonville, Osage, Pea Ridge, Sugar Creek, and Elkhorn,, numbering 100 men. This breaks up the last gang int he three western counties. Of the men who came in with Jacks this spring one is left alive. Thus the good work goes on.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORSYTH, MO., May 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

The enemy is menacing this place at this time, but not in force sufficient to attack us, unless they get some advantage. We have so many points to guard and so few men that we are not bale to advance on them

---------------

*See Part, I, p. 253.

---------------

