
unless they would make a stand at some point, which they have as yet failed to do. I shall watch them closely until I see a chance to strike, when you will again hear from me and my brave boys.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. FENEX,

Commanding Taney County Volunteer Missouri Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 21. Macon, Mo., May 2, 1865.

Captain William T. Clarke, assistant adjutant-General, U. S . Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with orders from the War Department, is hereby announced as assistant adjutant- general for the District of north Missouri. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier G en. Clinton B. Fisk:

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., May 2, 1865.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans:

As I have not seen the order to which you refer nor received any reports from troops in consequence thereof, I cannot tell what stations and detachments may be under my command be the same. At present I have two companies of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry at Humboldt, one at Osage mission, one at Marmaton, and five here, all under orders for Little Rock and now getting ready. I have four companies of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, part of which are acting as outposts in Missouri near here, and the remainder on detached service near Kansas City, Mo. I have at mound City one company of the Forty- eighth Wisconsin Infantry and at this post six companies of the same regiment and one section of the Ninth Wisconsin Battery. The infantry here are erecting a new fort, pursuant to orders from Major-General Dodge. As soon as my reports get in I will forward my monthly and tri- monthly returns.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 2, 1865- 11. 35 a. m.

Colonel BLAIR,

Fort Scotts:

A Mexican train was robbed 30th ultimo near Westport, by whom unknown. Take means to prevent a similar occurrence.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Harding, Warrensburg, Mo.)

