HEADQUARTERS,Cow Creek Station, May 2, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, in obedience to Special Field Orders, Numbers 21, that nothing of importance has occurred since my last report worthy of record. The Indians have in no way troubled this post, although I am convinced that there is still quite a body of them on the opposite side of the Arkansas, may be not more than fifty. We have repeated reports coming from Jarrett that they see Indians, but scouts from my command have been in every direction for fifteen and twenty miles and no signs are to be seen. I and the misfortune to lose yesterday be stampede four mules belonging to stage company and six horses. It was all occasioned by the breaking of a halter on one horse, which occasioned the running off of the balance. My men are now out after them and those who came in this morning report that they have taken down Smoky. I have sent out a squad this morning after them again, and have no doubt but that they will find them. I have completed almost a building designed for quarters, forty feet in length and twelve feet in width, and hope soon to occupy the same.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

MARSHALL M. EHLE,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Company L, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

I neglected to add that Colonel Leavenworth has not head from the Southern Indians yet; that one runner, called Keith, has returned and has brought no news from them. He could not find them. His man Keith reports that there are a number of white men at mouth of Little Arkansas who are running stock out of Indian country to the great detriment of the Government. This band is composed of deserters and desperadoes.

M. M. E.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 2, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding this military division to inclose you copies of communications* to Bvt. Major General Alfred Sully, relative to the establishment of military posts along the border of Iowa, and Dakota settlements. These posts will be kept up until further orders, and at least throughout this year.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF W EST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Major M. D. McALESTER,

Chief Engineer, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: You will please prepare for an expedition by sea, the immediate object of which is to attack and take a fortified sea- port. About 15,000 infantry, with some field artillery and heavy siege train, will

---------------

*See Pope to Sully, April 10, and Smith to Sully, April 20, pp. 68, 149.

---------------

