
constitute the expedition. A sufficient number of surf- boats will accompany the troops to land from the transports 5,000 men at once. They must have with them all the necessary tools and material to intrench themselves after the landing is effected. Please have all the intrenching tools and material necessary for the work together with your bridge train, got in readiness. The beach at the intended landing being sandy and with but little vegetation, you will provided landing being sandy and with but little vegetation, you will provide for a large number of sand- bags and lumber for the laying of platforms and the construction of wharves, &amp; . The expedition is to start by the 15th instant from Mobile and New Orleans, and you will, therefore, as soon as possible, give me or Colonel Sawtelle all information necessary for the latter officer to provide for the transportation. Please designate such engineer troops of the military division as you will like to have to accompany the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Chief of Artillery and ordnance,

Army and Division of West Mississippi, Mobile:

An expedition of about 15,000 infantry and artillery will leave by sea on or about the 15th instant. They will be accompanied by so much of your siege train as will be designated hereafter, and two field batteries, four 3- inch and four 12- pounders, light, which you will select from the artillery of the military division and report to these headquarters. The field batteries will, besides their full caissons, take an extra supply of 150 rounds assorted ammunition per gun, and the infantry will carry 100 rounds of ammunition in with them and 150 rounds in reserve. You will at once give the quartermaster such information as will enable him to make full calculation for the necessary transportation. You will, furthermore, prepare at once to keep the army fully supplied with any ordnance stores after they have sailed, during an active campaign and a siege of a sea- port.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Quartermaster, Army and Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: You will at once prepare for an expedition by sea, to consist of infantry and artillery, together about 17,000 men, with 2 field batteries, 8 guns, a siege and bridge train and engineer tools, 90 to 100 army wagons and teams, and 90 to 100 ambulances, and 1 horse for every mounted officer. The expedition will start on or about the 15th instant from Mobile and New Orleans, La. The exact numbers to be shipped from either port will be furnished hereafter. in procuring

