
vessels for this expedition you will select them with a view to great capacity and light draft, and collect a sufficient number of surf- boats to land at least 5,000 infantry at once. The vessels carrying the above expedition will be supplied with fifteen days'

rations and 100 rounds of ammunition, for which ample room must be allowed, in such manner that these supplies are on the same boats with the respective troops You will furthermore prepare for sufficient transportation to keep the army, after it has effected a landing, well, and without interruption, supplied in all regular wants, and all which may be caused by a protracted siege of a sea- port, including land transportation to organize supply train for a campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. HINSDILL,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence,

Army and Division of West Mississippi, Mobile, Ala.:

SIR: An expedition of 17,000 men will leave from New Orleans and Mobile by sea on or about the 15th day of this month. The men will take with them aboard vessels fifteen days' field rations, and besides a sufficient amount of stores will be hld in readiness to be shipped immediately after the departure of the troops, to keep them regularly and fully supplied during an active campaign. You will furnish to the chief quartermaster all the necessary data to prepare the means of sea transportation for your stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, L., May 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 3rd day of May, 1865: Deserters from Powers' regiment state that he left Whitestown, Miss., to join Forrest on the 11th of April with all of his regiment he could collect. Thy believe he did not succeed in taking more than 100 men, as his line of march lay through the country where most of the men resided, and they were constantly deserting. The deserters will not continue in arms even about their own homes, but are only anxious, to give up the contest. Colonel Griffith was under orders to follow Powers. The Independent Scouts had also been ordered out of that i\district to go north, and had mostly gone, thus leaving that region bare of Confederate troops. Lieutenant Curtiss reports from Baton Rouge, May 1, that Brigadier-General Humphreys has assumed command of the 	District of Mississippi and East Louisiana and that the

