
are on detached service escorting rebel prisoners from Ship Island up the Mississippi. The rest of the regiment are at Bonnet Carre and above, taking charge of that country, I have no troops to relieve them, unless I removed the Eightieth [U. S. Colored Infantry] from the Parapet, where it is now usefully employed, but it can be relieved if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 147. New Orleans, May 3, 1865.

* * * *

4. Four companies of the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, to be selected by the colonel, will immediately proceed to Bonnet Carre Bend and relieve the Eighteenth New York (dismounted) Cavalry, which last, on being relieved, will proceed by the same transport to New Orleans and report to Brigadier-General West, U. S. Volunteers. Captain Perkins, assistant adjutant quartermaster, will immediately send a transport to Colonel Mudgett, at Camp Parapet, and will carry out this order in the least possible time.

5. The four companies of the Eighteenth New York (dismounted) Cavalry now performing escort duty at Ship Island will, as soon as relieved, move to New Orleans and report to the regimental commander. The commanding officer at Ship Island will relieve the escort as far as practicable with the troops of his command. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, May 3, 1865.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

GENERAL: The brigadier-General commanding directs that you increase your vigilance on the Atchafalaya, Teche, and Grand Rivers with the view of intercepting Mr. Jefferson Davis and his cabinet and the treasures they are reported to be seeking to take out of the country, in case they should pass in your direction. The theory that if they have succeeded or hereafter succeed in getting across the Mississippi they may endeavor to run out of the Atchafalaya in preference to crossing Texas is a plausible one, and the gun-boats on the Atchafalaya should be called upon by you to effectually co-operate in the task of a strict watch sufficiently in advance of your defenses to insure the destruction of the transports or rams by a timely notice to the garrison of Brashear and its co-operating force.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

