
accordingly, and I will with all convenient dispatch give corresponding instructions to the gun-boats. Permit me to suggest the advantage to be derived from having a large cavalry scout of the country from Baton Rouge as far north as your means will allow, with a view to capture Jeff. Davis and his cabinet and other rebel leaders. It would be very well, too, to encourage, by the hope of reward, the colored people and other well-disposed persons to give information promptly. I will thank you to communicate promptly, by sending a messenger on a steam-boat, any useful information you may receive to the gun-boats.

I have the honor to be, General, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,May 3, 1865.

Captain J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have to report to the general that every precaution has been taken in this district that my means will allow to prevent the rebel leader from escaping across the Mississippi. Captain McCauley, commanding the naval district, has been fully posted with regard to the subject-mater of the General's letter to me of the 1st instant, and in addition has been requested to have all skiffs heretofore allowed upon the river to collect drift, &amp;c., brought to Natchez and held. General Osband reported here yesterday, coaled, and left under orders for Fort Adams and vicinity. I have some six companies on the west bank, useless there from high water now, and I shall send these temporarily to Quitman's Landing. These small posts I will keep a careful eye over, that they are not jumped by larger forces of the enemy. I must again repeat to the general my deficiency in cavalry to patrol and guard a river line 120 miles long. General Grierson sent me a dismounted regiment here, the Tenth Tennessee, having about 100 unserviceable horses. This is the whole cavalry force of the district. If possible I would like to have the First Iowa Cavalry sent here from the eleven regiments now in the District of West Tennessee.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., May 3, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez:

GENERAL: Colonel Jackson, commanding cavalry forces in this district, started down the river to-day with about 1,000 men, half mounted, to look after Glenney, who attempted to sell out the gun-bot Rattler some time ago, and to keep a general watch along the river upon persons attempting to cross. I write this to let you know the object of the expedition should you hear of it down your way.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

