HDQRS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

May 3, 1865.

Captain W. J. HAUGHAWOUT,

Commanding Detachment Ninth Kansas Cavalry:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you march your men on board the steamer Izetta and proceed up White River, land officer and fifty men to report to Lieutenant Whitson, and then run up to Buck's Landing, disembark your men on west side of the river ans scour the country from there to and in the vicinity of Des Arc, observing the verbal instructions given you. You will arrange so as to reach the river at Des Arc to-morrow at noon, when the boat will be in waiting to take you on board to return to this post. In returning the boat wills top at the old ferry and take on board the old guard from Lieutenant Whitson. Upon your arrival back report to these headquarters before marching your men to camp.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., May 3, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

COLONEL: I have directed Colonel Harrison, First Arkansas Cavalry, to go to Little Rock to see the governor. He will probably be down in two or three days. Colonel Harrison has been organizing colonies by compelling every made person above the age of fourteen to join a colony, or be considered a bushwhacker and suffer accordingly. I have numerous delegations of old men of loyalty and good character to see me, we represent that they have been living under a reign of terror for some time and that the colony system under Harrison's compulsory order is oppressive, &amp;c. I have directed Colonel Harrison to rescind his order, but to grant every encouragement to the people who want to form colonies, and to preserve their present organization if agreeable to them. He has also been issuing full rations to the Arkansas Militia, so called. They are the men engaged inf arming. In March 16,000 full rations were issued to men able to work. The consequence was his command was entirely out of supplies for several days and suffered very much with hunger. I have also directed that no more rations be issued to Arkansas Militia. So many complaints have ben made and so much irregularity exists in the command at Fayetteville that I shall order Colonel Harrison to Van Buren with a part of his regiment. I have evidence that he is about to engage in a trade store at Fayetteville and have also heard many other charges against him. He is a good talker and writes a good letter, and I respectfully ask that no authority be granted him on any account until I have an opportunity of indorsing my opinion. I understand he expects to carry his policy, with the aid of the governor, who is not correctly informed, over my head. I have no doubt he thinks his policy the best for the country, but I am convinced otherwise after two months' careful investigation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

20 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

