
United States. I propose on arriving at Matamoras, and if on finding that the Lone Star delegates have not reached there, to go on to San Antonio, where I shall certainly learn of their whereabouts, and if they have not reached the latter point to proceed to Houston, iva Austin, gather all the information I can, and return to Matamoras and communicate, as you directed, to Braxos Santiago. If the delegates are in Matamoras or thereabouts I can of course learn all from them, and will then join their party and act accordingly to circumstances. There is but little more than time enough to reach Matamoras before the time of their expected arrival. I will have the honor to call upon you to-morrow morning, hoping that such necessary orders for transportation, funds, &amp;c., will be ready so that I can have some few days to spare in New Orleans and receive further instructions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. CANEDO.

. SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 118. New Orleans, May 4, 1865.

* * * *

3. The Chicago Mercantile Battery, now at Baton Rouge, La., will report to Brigadier General Joseph R. West, commanding cavalry forces in process of organization in this city, fully prepared and equipped for immediate field service. Such additional horses as are required and necessary for this battery will be issued by First Lieutenant I. N. Mitchell, acting assistant quartermaster, Artillery Corps, upon requisitions approved at these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 148. New Orleans, May 4, 1865.

1. The Forty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry having been ordered by headquarters Department of the Gulf to proceed to Brazos Santiago, Tex., all detached companies and detailed officers and men will rejoin their regiment.

* * * *

3. The six companies of the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, with headquarters now at Camp Parapet, will march to New Orleans and relieve the Forty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the baggage of the regiment.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

