
stating the location of the camps of the hostile Sioux. North Mountain is on the line between U. S. territory and the British Possessions. There is a hostile camp at or near Devil's Lake. I am making all needful preparations to intercept and punish raiding parties, should they make attempts upon the settlements in this direction, as they probably will as soon as the state of the weather and the disappearance of the snow in the upper country will admit of such movements. Will you please inform me whether the line of posts in the District of Iowa from Spirit Lake south will be maintained? Major Brackett's battalion has received orders to march from Saint Paper's, on the Minnesota River, to Sioux City on 15th instant, so as to reach the latter point by 1st of May, and General Sully has been advised thereof, as directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

(Extract from dispatch to Captain R. C. Olin, assistant adjutant-general, District of Minnesota, from Major R. H. Rose, commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., dated March 28, 1865.)

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

*		*		*		*		*		*

Two Indians recently came into the encampment on the James River. Reports a large camp of hostile Indians on Trule Mountain and at Devil's Lake; one camp of Lower Sioux and two of Sissetons, Cut-Heads, and Yanktonnais; also that forty lodges of Sisseton are on the way to this for to surrender themselves. Thirty of the lodges are detained at Bone Hill by snow, but ten of them are working down from that point. Standing Buffalo and Wa-na-ta are on Assiniboine River, but have very few lodges with them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE,

Major, Commanding.

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Saint Paul, April 4, 1865.

Major-General CANBY, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I very respectfully and earnestly request that the Third Regiment Volunteer Infantry, now stationed at Devall's Bluff, Ark., be transferred from the place to same active and fighting position in your department. This Regiment was basely surrendered by its then commanding officer at Murfreesborough, Tenn., in 1862, and has ever since vainly sought for an opportunity to wipe out the stain which attaches to its reputation. I know that it is made up of as brave material as walks the earth, and hundreds of its gallant officers and men have re-enlisted for three years, with the sole purpose of regaining upon the field of active duty the good and glorious name which was wrecked at Murfreesborough. For more than eighteen months the Regiment has been engaged upon fatigue duty on fortifications and railroads. During that time 150 of their number have died of the fever

