HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Citronelle, Ala., May 4, 1865. (Received 7th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Lieutenant-General Taylor has this day surrendered to me with the forces under his command on substantially the same terms as those accepted by General Lee. I have sent this information to General Thomas, and requested that troops be sent from Memphis to garrison Grenada as soon as General Taylor notifies you that the present garrison is relieved.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Citronelle, Ala., May 4, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

Lieutenant-General Taylor has this day surrendered to me with the forces under his command on substantially the same terms as those accepted by General Lee. You will please to select and hold in readiness troops to garrison Jackson, Brookhaven, and Gallatin, infantry at the first two places and cavalry at the latter, for the purpose of keeping constant communication between all these points. The duty of these troops will be to protect all public and private property against jayhawkers and other evil doers. The commanding officers will be instructed to maintain the strictest discipline and see that the people are treated with leniency.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, May 4, 1865.

Major General P. JOSEPH OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Before furnishing the information called for in your communication of yesterday it is necessary that I have information upon the following points: Taking for granted that all my floating bridge will be required for the expedition, what length of it will be necessary for accompanying movable columns on shore, i. e., what rivers will have to be crossed? Will the bridge detached with General Bailey be available by the 15th instant for shipment with the expedition at or near New Orleans? Supposing all the bridge not required, will all the bateaux belonging to the bridge left be required as ferry (surf) boats? There are no funds in the hands of the engineer department for purchase of materials for wharves in connection with field operations, these (as well as other means and facilities for transportation) belonging to the quartermaster's department to supply. I would therefore respectfully request that I be not required to supply lumber for wharves, as per your communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. MCALESTER,

Brevet Major and Chief Engineer.

