
just established at Granby, Mo., I am directed by the general commanding to communicate the following instructions, which you are to carefully observe and enforce within the limits of your command, and especially at and about the post of Granby:

First. The country in the vicinity of Granby, embracing particularly the lead mines, is to be protected from the incursions of bushwhackers, thieves, and armed rebels to the extent of the means at your command, as also the men engaged in working the mines.

Second. Details will at all times be furnished by the garrison at Granby to protect those engaged in cutting timber and in performing other necessary labor, so far as the same can be done without prejudice to the interests of the service.

Third. It is especially enjoined upon you to enforce and maintain peace and good order between the soldiers and the men employed by the mining company. You will give it strictly in charge to the officers and men of your command that peaceful and conciliating conduct and obedience to law and existing orders will be rigidly insisted upon on the part of every one. Now workmen in employ of the mining company shall be in any way molested or threatened on account of any previous aid or sympathy which they may have extended to the rebellion. The workmen will, however, be required to take the prescribed oath of allegiance in all cases when they are not know to have been loyal men, and will be expected upon their part to conduct themselves in a peaceable and loyal manner and refrain from giving any just cause for provocation.

Fourth. In case any one of the posts composing your command should be threatened by a superior force of the enemy you will draw troops from the other posts and oppose a strong resistance. No post, however, will be entirely evacuated by you without orders from these headquarters, unless this course shall be rendered imperatively necessary by the sudden advance of a largely superior force of the enemy. A copy of this letter wily you to the commanding officer at Granby and Newtonia. Your own headquarters will remain at Neosho.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 4, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM L. FENEX,

Commanding at Forsyth:

CAPTAIN: You are already a ware, I presume, that General Lee has surrendered the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia to General Grant and that General Johnston has surrendered the Army of Georgia and North and South Carolina to General Sherman. it is also true that General Dick Taylor is negotiating for the surrender of the Confederate troops in Mississippi and Alabama, and General Kirby Smith has had an interview with the chief of staff of General Pope at the mouth of Red River, with the view of surrendering the Confederate Army west of the Mississippi. From these facts any one will clearly see that the idea of establishing the Confederate Government, or of dividing the old Union, has been abandoned even by the leaders of the rebellion, and all that remains for any of us to do is to establish that order and quiet so essential to the comfort, happiness, and prosperity of all people. The most sanguine devotees of the Confederacy must now admit the

