
Gentile residents of the city, which, if persisted in, may make necessary the employment of military force for the maintenance of public order and to guarantee the personal security of those who may have become obnoxious to the church dignitaries and the objects of dangerous persecution. In view of the foregoing facts I most respectfully urge upon the general commanding the propriety of keeping all the troops now stationed here in the immediate vicinity of Salt Lake City, as I think myself justified in believing that their removal would lead to serious results and make the residence among the Mormons of citizens not professing their creed exceedingly difficult, not to say dangerous. I have further to represent that I am in possession of information which gives me some uneasiness with regard to the safety of the Government flour train in the neighborhood of Rocky Ridge. Hostile Indians are reported to be in the vicinity, and the fear of them is said to prevent the repair of the telegraph line, which is down near that point. I have directed Major Baldwin, at Fort Bridger, to make diligent inquiries into the truth of the statement, and, if any danger is to be apprehended, to order a company of cavalry there for its protection, which, although beyond my jurisdiction, I trust, if found necessary, will meet with the approval of the general commanding. I deem it my duty to call attention to certain deficiencies found to exist in the quartermaster's department at this post. They are approximately as follows, to wit: 827,000 pounds of hay, 60,000 pounds of carrots, 18,000 pounds of charcoal, 20,000 pounds of bituminous coal, and 650 cords of wood. It seems to me that these deficiencies are all of extraordinary dimensions, and without attempting to account for them, the way out of the difficulty does not to me seem quite clear.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILO GEORGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, Commanding.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Las Cruces, N. Mex., May 4, 1865.

General J. H. CARLETON,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of 28th ultimo received. Was pleased to hear from you. My report of Indians will s how their perfidy, &amp;c. The special express takes you matter from Franklin; a report that the Texans are soon to visit us. Do not think a Confederate force will; a lawless body of adventurers and raiders may. It is well to keep an eye open to windward. I am too busy to write more. When you come we will talk of mines-a rich country. Maston will not sell, I think, except at a high figure. We have marked off some. The war East must soon close, but what a cold-blooded assassination.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 4, 1865.

TO THE PEOPLE:

After the 15th instant no more companies can be spared from Fort Union to escort trains until some of those now absent on this duty

