
return, when due notice will given of the time of departure of the next company. It is well for the people to know that Colonel Carson will establish, at or near Cedar Bluffs or Cold Spring, a camp of three companies for the summer, so as to afford all possible protection to trains passing that dangerous neighborhood on the Cimarron route.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 4, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON, Taos, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I received your note of the 12th of April. It is my purpose to establish a camp of three companies during the summer at or near Cedar Bluffs or near Cold Spring, on the Cimarron route, to give assistance to trains en route to and from the States. I believe if you go upon duty at that point you will be able to have a talk with some of the chiefs of the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comanches, and impress them with the folly of continuing their bad course. The troops would have been ordered out to that point before now, but the spring was so backward the grass would not sustain the animals. Pfeiffer perhaps may be spared to go. It would be well for you to get ready to go from Fort Union by the 20th instant. Please talk with Colonel St. Vrain about purchasing the beaver skins for me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. -It would be well if Mr. Benthner would send out to your camp some necessaries to sell to your soldiers, and canned fruit, which would keep them healthy. Besides he would sell much to passing companies and trains.

J. H. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 4, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY, Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 1st instant relative to the arrival in your district of 100 ex-rebels is at hand, and in reply I am directed to inform you that the troops above mentioned were sent here without any special instructions, and were forwarded to your district to join other troops of the same sort as the best disposition for such troops in this department.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, May 4, 1865.

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: An officer just arrived from the upper country tells me that a lieutenant and a few men on their way down from Fort Berthold

