
to Fort Rice were met by a party of Santees, who took from their horses, arms, and rations, and compelled to foot it to Rice. I do not believe anything can be done with these Minnesota scamps except to exterminate them. He also reports no grass in the country, the cold rains and snows keeping it back. I have also heard from Major Brackett's battalion. On the 22nd of April they were at Fairmont, Minn. In a terrible snow-storm some few of their animals had died. They must be in Sioux City by this time, and if their loss is not very heavy it can be remedied. I write you this to show you that we cannot move by several days as early as you expected, but I am most anxious to get up into the country before the Cheyennes can get their horses in order to get out of my way.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. G. SAWTELLE,

Chief Ordnance, Army and Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: The following is a memorandum of transportation required for engineer material in the sea expedition: A, from Mobile, for bateau bridge and equipage complete, exclusive of wagons and teams for fifty-eight batexaus; B, from New Orleans, for bateau bridge and equipage complete, including 40 wagons and 300 mules, for trench tools and material, the principal bulk being 1,500 feet of lumber and 10,000 tools. The wagons belonging to the fifty-eight Bateaux (A) now at Blakely are to be sent to New Orleans in time to have them ready to be forwarded to the expedition, when landed, together with the necessary teams. About 12,000 troops (Second Division) will be sent from Mobile. They will accompanied by such stores as mentioned in former communications.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: It is reported that there is a good deal of suffering amongst the people at and in the vicinity of Clinton, La., and that they apprehend considerable annoyance from the depredations of jayhawkers and other marauding bands. You will please to send an infantry force to garrison that point, with orders to protect public and private property against any unlawful interference from whatsoever source. The selection of a well-disciplined organization, under an energetic and discreet commander, is recommended. Our troops must realize the fact (and act accordingly) that under the new state of affairs the people of the South must necessarily look upon our armies as their sole protectors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

