HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 5, 1865.

Captain C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

CAPTAIN: The Fourth Missouri Cavalry, which was ordered by Special Field Orders, Numbers 49, paragraph 2, of April 30, to proceed to New Orleans and report to General Osterhaus, will upon its arrival be ordered (in special orders) to report to General West. As our departure from this city may be delayed for many days in consequence of the work required in carrying out the details of Dick Taylor's terms of surrender, I have to request that you will continue, until otherwise advised, to send the mails for these headquarters (official and personal) as heretofore.

Very truly, yours,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., May 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 5th day of May, 1865: Captain Bailie, reporting from Morganza April 30, gives more minute particulars in regard to the rebel iron-clad Missouri lying at Alexandria, which agree in all essential points with previous reports from this office. Deserters state that the forts at Alexandria mount about eight guns each. They are surrounded by pine woods within half a mile of them. Thomas' brigade numbers five regiments, four of which are at Cotile, and one (the Twenty-eighth Louisiana, Colonel Landry) at Pineville, one mile above Alexandria. Gray's brigade of three regiments is at Natchitoches.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 51. New Orleans, La., May 5, 1865.

No person who has been in civil service in the rebel States or resident therein during the war, or who has assisted the rebel government in its conspiracy against the United States, has a right to return to this department except upon the express permission of the military authorities and the observance of such conditions and regulations as may be established for the government of such persons. The right of parole and return which is accorded to officers and soldiers of the armies that have surrender to the authorities of the United States does not be established by the General Government they must be classed as public enemies.

