
They cannot claim, as of right, the privilege of residence or participation in public affairs or of entering upon professional or other private business.

All persons of the class herein described who have been in the civil service of the rebellion or residents in the rebel States during the war, and who are now present within this department, are directed to report forthwith to the provost-marshal-General at New Orleans or to the provost-marshal of the parish where they may be.

Any person of this class returning to this department who shall fail to make such report or to conform to the regulations established therein will be subject to arrest and imprisonment, or such other punishment as may be ordered.

The oath amnesty prescribed by the President's proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863, will be administered only to t hose persons who have remained in the department during the war or who return by express permission of the proper military authorities.

To obtain recognition of the military authorities it is required that the oath be administered to each person by the circuit or district court of the United States at New Orleans, or by the provost-marshal-general of the department, or Division of West Mississippi, in a formal and solemn, manner, and that it be registered for permanent preservation in the office of the provost-marshal-General.

The provost-marshal-General is authorized to take such guarantees as may be necessary to insure that the affiant will "thenceforward keep and maintain said oath inviolate. "

The officers of the several military posts in the department and the provost-marshal-General and subordinate provost-marshals of the different parishes are charged with the duty of enforcing a strict observance of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 119. New Orleans, May 5, 1865.

* * * *

5. Colonel Samuel M. Quincy, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, is relieved from his present duties and is hereby assigned to the duty of acting mayor of the city of New Orleans. Upon the receipt of this order he will proceed to the City Hall and assume the duties of that office. The present acting mayor is directed to surrender to him all the papers connected with that office.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 149. New Orleans, May 5, 1865.

* * * *

2. The Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel S. Jones commanding, is hereby relived from duty at Brashear and will proceed to Camp

