
Parapet, La., and take post there. Colonel Jones will furnish the necessary and usual guards for Carrollton and the vicinity. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

4. Colonel Charles Everett, Second Louisiana Volunteers, is hereby appointed military commander of the District of Bonnet Carre and is announced as such. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 150. Vicksburg, Miss., May 5, 1865.

* * * *

3. The Sixty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry will immediately take post at Grand Gulf. The regiment will be provided with twenty days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man and tools for the construction of suitable defenses. The commanding officer will be governed by the letter of instructions of this date from these headquarters, communicated through headquarters District of Vicksburg. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By order of Major General N. J. D. Dana:

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,

Vicksburg, Miss., May 5, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER SIXTY-SIXTH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY:

(Through Brigadier General M. L. Smith, Commanding Dist. of Vicksburg.)

You will immediately on landing at Grand Gulf throw out pickets to guard against surprise, and proceed to erect such defenses suitable for defense by six companies (probably a small, square redout) against an overwhelming force, in case he should attack. The immediate object of your mission it so prevent the crossing of Jeff. Davis and his friends over the Mississippi River and of capturing them if possible. You will with that view co-operate with the commanding officer at Rodney, Colonel Earle, ad the cavalry force in the vicinity under the command of Colonel Jackson. You will patrol the country from Big Black to Bayou Pierre for information, &amp;c., as far as you can with safety. You are particularly directed not to molest no incommode quiet and well-disposed citizens, and will be held to a strict accountability that your men do not commit depredations of any sort. Horses, fences, farm property, &c., will be secure, and remuneration will be compelled and punishment inflicted for all infractions of this rule. You will preserve the most exact discipline. The well-disposed people of the country must be made to feel that the troops are for their protection rather than for their inconvenience. You will make frequent reports to these headquarters, conveying all the information you can obtain.

By order of Major General N. J. T. Dana:

FREDERICK SPEED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

21 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

