
permission to visit you at Saint Louis. It is important that I should consult with you. Dispatch will meet me at Kearny or Omaha.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 5, 1865.

Colonel THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Commanding North Sub-Dist. of the Plains, Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you dispose of the two companies of the Third U. S. Volunteers as follows: Send one company to Three Crossings, where the headquarters of the company will be located. Details will be made of one or two non-commissioned officers and twelve men for each of the following telegraphic stations: South Pass, Saint Mary's, and Sweetwater. The men thus detached will be reported as part of the garrison at Three Crossings, absent on detached service at the places above named. The headquarters of the other company will be at Camp Marshall, and similar detachments, to be reported as above, posted at Platte Bridge, Deer Creek, and Horse Shoe Stations. You will place one squadron of cavalry at Camp Marshall, detailing four men from it for each of the above stations, whose duty it will be to assist the telegraph operators to repair the line when required, and to be reported as above. The remainder of the cavalry garrisoning the above stations you will order to Laramie. A telegram was sent to you to-day directing that you send to Leavenworth the transportation belonging to Colonel Potter. You will cause all teams returning to Julesburg from Laramie, or other points in your vicinity, to be loaded with wood for this post. The general also directs that you keep the saw-mill in your vicinity running night and day if possible, and that you send to this post by the first opportunity a supply of lumber, and continue sending lumber from time to time when it can be done. Two companies of infantry will be sent to you as soon as the Fifth U. S. [Volunteers] arrives here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 9. Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 5, 1865.

I. The following-named officers are announced as sub-district inspectors and assistant chiefs of cavalry of the District of the Plains: Captain John S. Cochrane, Third U. S. Volunteers, for the South Sub-District of the Plains; Captain B. M. Richmond, Third U. S. Volunteers, for the North Sub-District of the Plains; Captain John H. Dalton, First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, for the West Sub-District of the Plains; First Lieutenant Edward Donovan, First Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, for the East Sub-District of the Plains. They will report without delay to the commanding officer of the respective sub-district to which they are assigned for duty.

II. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

