HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 5, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to inform you in a dispatch dated yesterday that I had made a demand for the delivery by the State authorities of a half-breed deserter named Campbell, who was strongly suspected of participation in the late murders committed by hostile Indians in Blue Earth County, in this State. I have since learned that he was taken forcibly from the civil officers who had him in custody and hanged at Mankato on the 3rd instant. He made statements before his execution to the effect that several was parties were in the vicinity of the settlements, and that the warriors from 900 lodges would start from their camp on the Missouri Coteau for the frontier of this State so soon as the grass is sufficiently grown to subsist their horses. While I do not place implicit faith in these statements, some of them are corroborated from other reliable sources, and no doubt exists of the fact that there are several parties of warriors near the settlements awaiting an opportunity to strike. I am making every disposition practicable to thwart and punish these wretches, but the defensive line is so extended that it is impossible to guard it at all points. Great alarm exists on the border and many families are leaving in consequence. I beg leave to report to you, what I have often heretofore mentioned in my dispatches to department headquarters, that this warfare on the part of the hostile Sioux will continue until the British Government is induced either to station troops along the boundary line to prevent the passage of these bands into Her Majesty's dominions when pursued by our troops, or to permit them to be followed by the latter wherever they may flee. For the past two years, since the refusal of the British Government to allow these murdering refugees to be pursued beyond our own line, they establish their camps within a short distance of the boundary, and when menaced by the U. S. forces they cross into the possession of Her Majesty and are safe. The raiding parties who commit the outrages upon our settlers are from these camps, and I respectfully and earnestly request you to make such representations to the honorable Secretary ofult in a demand upon Her British Majesty's Government to put a speedy end to the violation of international comity refereed to. Unless this is done our frontiers will continue to be drenched with the blood of our citizens, for no amount of force can avail entirely to prevent the recurrence of these raids of the lurking and treacherous savage. If the avenue of escape to British soil is cut off, the camps of these Indians can be reached and destroyed. It is a well-known fact, in wars with these people, that they will not go to a distance from their lodges when their families are menaced by expeditionary forces into their country.

I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 5, 1865.

To the EDITORS OF THE PRESS AND PIONEER:

GENTLEMEN: I have been requested to state publicly the measures which have been adopted by the military authorities to defend the

