HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., May 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 6th day of May, 1865: Captain Hargroder, Company B, Seventh Louisiana Cavalry, reports that he left his regiment on the 25th of April, at which time the companies were distributed as follows: Headquarters of the regiment, with five companies, a little below Vermillionville, La., on this side of Vermillion Bayou. (Colonel Bringier commands the regiment.) One company (F), Captain Tertron, stationed near the mouth of Vermillion Bayou; four companies under Captain Murphy, stationed at Burns' plantation, above Irish Bend. These companies picket the country from Butte-a-la-Rose to Berwick Bay. The station at Butte-a-la-Rose has seven men who scout as far as Hart's plantation, on Grand River. There are thirty men on Lake Fausse Pointe and twelve at Indian Village. The posts below Franklin not known. The effective strength of the regiment is about 300 or 400. It was formerly the Fourth Louisiana Cavalry, Colonel Bush commanding. It is composed mostly of men who kept out of the service as long as possible. There are about 200 of them lying in the woods waiting an opportunity to escape. Their principal duty is to cath deserters from other regiments, but will themselves desert if any demonstration is made by our forces in that country. Supplies very scarce. The informant heard by deserters who left the regiment on the 29th that they were to move on the 30th from Vermillionville to Opelousas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 45. New Orleans, La., May 6, 1865.

All commercial or other intercourse with the country west of the Mississippi River beyond the limits of actual military occupation is forbidden, and all licenses or permits by which such intercourse has been authorized are suspended until further orders. Any attempt to bring in products or to take out supplies will work the forfeiture of the property and the means of transportation employed. Military commanders are directed and naval commanders requested to see that no communication, except such as is purely military in its character, be allowed with any part of West Louisiana or Texas that is beyond the lines of occupation.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BAYOU SARA, May 6, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

The troops ordered to be moved from Morganza are encamped on the hill back of this place. Nearly all the baggage is here and the remainder

