
commander for his approval. The district commander will see that all officers of their respective commands comply herewith.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 6, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Hynes arrived at Chalk Bluff evening of the 4th and expected to cross on a raft yesterday. Heard Jeff. Thompson had gone to Jacksonport with flag of truce. As soon as the authorities in Saint Louis are satisfied that Thompson has surrendered I ask for orders to call the forces back, as forage is very short that way.

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 85. Rolla, Mo., May 6, 1865.

1. Colonel E. C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, will relieve Colonel Samuel Fallows, Forty-ninth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers, as post commander of Rolla, Mo. On being relieved Colonel Fallows will report for duty with his regiment.

* * * *

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

H. W. WERTH,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,

Warrensburg, Mo., May 6, 1865.

Colonel JOHN G. CLARK,

Commanding Fiftieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Booneville:

SIR: I am instructed by the colonel commanding to inclose to you Special Orders, Numbers 95, assigning you to the command of the First and Second Sub-Districts, with headquarters at Booneville. You will appoint your own acting staff. Subsistence for your command can be drawn from Lexington, Jefferson City, and Warrensburg. Blank transportation books can be obtained from the quartermaster's department on the application of the acting assistant quartermaster. Requisitions for means of transportation will be filled by Captain J. K. Shaw, assistant quartermaster at Warrensburg. It will be necessary to send men to take care of the mules, &amp;c. Four from each company may be detailed. Procure your forage in the country, giving receipts to be taken up by Captain J. K. Shaw, district quartermaster at Warrensburg. You will forward a tri-monthly return of the troops under your command on the 10th and 20th and last days of each month, made out from the latest returns which have been received at your headquarters at those dates.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

