HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 6, 1865.

Colonel JOHN G. CLARK,

Commanding Fiftieth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry:

SIR: You are assigned to the command of the First and Second Sub-Districts of this district, with your headquarters at Booneville. You have all of your own regiment, except two companies in the Fourth Sub-District, stationed at Waverly and Berlin; four companies of cavalry, with headquarters at Versailles; two companies of infantry at Jefferson City; one company of cavalry at Sedalia; two at Marshall, and one at Booneville. Besides these you have all the militia raised under Order Numbers 3, headquarters of the State of Missouri, and will have all the Missouri militia organized under the militia law. Your command is one of importance, and you must use it actively; no addling around posts; scout down to the Osage and see that the orders respecting ferries, skiffs, &amp;c., are enforced. I am authorized to say that you may give private information to rebels and bushwhackers that they will be treated with leniency if they will at once surrender their arms. Where you catch them in arms kill them. Bone fide deserters may return tot heir homes upon taking the prescribed oath of allegiance. Persons who harbor bushwhackers and rebels voluntarily must be arrested and sent to the nearest safe post, charges to be preferred and named of witnesses mentioned and forwarded to the assistant provost-marshal of district at this post. You must keep the Osage and Moreau railroad bridges guarded. You must also look well to the line of the Osage River in Benton, Morgan, and Miller Counties. The militia will help you in this. With some assistance and encouragement from us they will soon be able to take care of their counties themselves. You may go to Jefferson City and take the cars tot his place and confer with me personally if you desire more explicit instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, MO., May 6, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

On yesterday I ordered forty of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry to Hickman Mills. To-day I ordered part of Companies D and G, Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, to same vicinity. The militia have got to organize in Jackson County. I called out two companies this evening.

B. K. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 6, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER BATTALION FOURTEENTH

MISSOURI VETERAN CAVALRY AT VERSAILLES, MO.:

SIR: You will keep your command active. The men must scout into Henry and Bates Counties. They must also go down to Tuscumbia and along the Big Gravois. Take guides as you can find them. Draw your supplies from Jefferson City. Do not interrupt peaceable citizens, but arrest all who harbor bushwhackers and aid in keeping up rebellion. You must be very watchful about returning troops of Kirby Smith's

