
army. At Mining Ford there is a runway for them. If they do not surrender, you kill them. If they do surrender, take their arms and horses and send them to this place. You must get word to the bushwhackers that if they deliver themselves up they may expect clemency. If they do not, you must leave them wherever you find them. Do not destroy houses unless you are satisfied that they are notorious harboring places for rebels. Get your forage in the country. Give receipts, to be taken up by Captain J. K. Shaw, assistant quartermaster of this district. Maintain strict discipline. Allow no man to straggle or plunder. Colonel John G. Clark, Fiftieth Wisconsin Infantry, commands your sub-district and will send you further instructions. You will forward to this office a consolidated morning report of your battalion as soon as practicable. The above instructions are communicated by order of the colonel commanding the district.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 6, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Just received the following dispatch from Colonel C. W. Blair:

FORT SCOTT, May 6, 1865.

Sixty more bushwhackers passed through Vernon County, Mo., last night, making about 300 who have passed up in a week. This party is going to North Missouri to engage in bushwhacking, and are under a man named Robinson. A Union scout stayed all night with them night before last and got this.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Repeated by Dodge to Sanborn and Harding, May 7.)

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 6, 1865.

Colonel BLAIR,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

I have just directed the commanding officer at Paola to send scouts into Missouri and ascertain if possible the locality of those rebels. Send scouts from your headquarters also. Direct some to be sent from Linn County. If possible ascertain their locality. Have all available troops in readiness to move at a moment's notice if opportunity offers to crush them.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Fort Leavenworth:

Troops from here and Trading Post have been in Missouri two days after the bushwhackers. I telegraphed to Paola yesterday orders for the

