
to claim their suffrages at the election. On the day after the election you will return to this post, unless the interest of the service require that you should remain longer. On your return you will report your proceedings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 6, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Paola, Kans.:

Send immediately some trusty scouts into the border counties of Missouri. Colonel Blair reports from 200 or 300 rebels going north; were last heard from in Vernon County. Keep your men in readiness for service at a moment's notice, and report promptly all information received to these headquarters; also to Colonel Blair at Fort Scott.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COW CREEK RANCH, KANS., May 6,1 865.

Bvt. Brigadier General JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas:

GENERAL: Yours of this date has just been received informing me of the commencement of hostilities against the Indians. This action at this moment is unfortunate, I think, just as I have got the Indians together for a final peace, but I shall not complain. I would, however, call your most earnest attention to the exposed situation of the inhabitants of the Little Arkansas, White River, Walnut, and Cottonwood. This country is thickly settled and greatly exposed to the inroads of the Indians, and if precaution is not taken the massacres in Minnesota will be nothing compared to the sufferings of the people. My health is not good, but I should be very much pleased to meet you before you go out if possible. I have no means of traveling in my crippled state.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

FERNANDO DE TAOS, N. MEX., May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Sante Fe, N. Mex.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th instant, by the politeness of Colonel C. St. Vrian, came to hand, and in reply allow me to say that I am much pleased with the idea of the expedition, and your ideas are excellent. I am so pleased to hear that you will allow Major Pfeiffer to go with me on the expedition, as I wish him if possible to accompany me. Major Pfeiffer came with me after the court adjourned at Union and intended leaving for Sante Fe in the morning, but on receipt of your letter I have advised him to remain here with me until I hear from you by return of this express. *

I remain, very respectfully, yours,

C. CARSON.

---------------

*Some strictly personal matter omitted.

---------------

