HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel HUGH CAMERON,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Senatobia:

Your dispatch is received. I shall send you in the morning 2,000 rations and two days' forage (short) for 600 horses. As soon as received you will withdraw all your forces to Collierville and La Fayette, where they belong, except 100 men and a telegraph operators, whom you will leave at Senatobia. The prisoners which you have you will parole, all except such as you believe to be guerrillas; those you will send here. The telegraph I shall put in operation to Mobile, via Grand Junction and Holly Springs. The officer remaining in command of Senatobia will receive and send to me any dispatches from General Canby, until I can get direct communication open, when the troops will be withdrawn. Of the rations and forage sent leave as much as possible with the troops that remain there. I send you some proclamations offering $100,000 for Jeff. 's capture, which please circulate in the country. Leave one of your best officers in command at Senatobia.

Your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., May 7, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Hynes reports from Chalk Bluff on the 6th that Captain Bennett, with sixty men, has gone forward to Jonesborough. Jeff. Thompson has gone to Jacksonport with truce flag at request of Federal officers. The force will return by the next Saturday. I would respectfully ask permission to send company of Seventh Kansas at Bloomfield to Pilot Knob and station a company or more of Seventeenth Cavalry at Bloomfield.

JOHN L. BEVERIDGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, May 7, 1865-5. 05 a. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Twelve men armed with from two to four revolvers crossed the river above this place three miles to the north night before last. Yesterday Lieutenant Warfield, with thirty men of the Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry, was sent across the river and closely pursued them within twelve miles southwest of Fulton, where he lost their track. They represented themselves to the citizens to be returned Confederates. They were dismounted and had bridles and blankets.

H. B. MILKS,

Major Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 7, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Commanding Central District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: In reference to your letters relative to bushwhackers who desire to give themselves up, you can say to all such who lay down

