HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 7, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department:

Dispatch received. * These rebels cross the Arkansas River west of Gibson and keep on the west side of the Grand, or Neosho, River, enter north of Jasper County, and then bear east through the northwest corner of Burton and through Vernon County across the Osage. The Grand River has been a perfect sea for six weeks. I have made two attempts to get troops across it to operate west in the Nation, and have failed both times for high water. I will make the effort again in a few days if I can possibly spare the mounted troops. Major Cooper's band, of about 150 men that has all the time been operating on King's and White Rivers and constantly threatening the Government trains going to and from Fayetteville, have all surrendered and taken the oath of amnesty. I am making an effort to get the rebel force operating on White River south of Rosyth to surrender also. If I succeed I can send troops west into the Nation at once and close up that runway. Thirty rebel deserters from Arkansas took the oath yesterday at Cassville.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STURGEON, May 7, 1865.

Captain CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The bushwhackers are tolerably plenty in Boone and Callaway Counties. They attacked a squad of my men under Lieutenant Smith among the Blackfoot Hills. Our boys killed one of the rebels and the rest took the brush. I went after a squad of fifteen last evening. They went to the cedar and we lost track of them. Shall I return to Macon or stay and hunt them? Please reply.

C. H. SHAPLEY,

Captain, &amp;c.

FORT SMITH, May 7, 1865.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

Arrived here last night. River in good boating stage to Fort Gibson. Supplies going forward rapidly. I shall leave for Fort Gibson to-morrow.

JAS G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORT SMITH, May 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General BLAIR:

Direct First Colorado Battery to proceed without delay to Fort Scott; there turn over their guns to ordnance officer and proceed to Fort Gibson with their horses. I have procured other guns for them.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Blair to Mitchell, May 6, repeated by Dodge to Sanborn, May 7, p. 336.

---------------

