
FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 7, 1865.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

There are no mounted troops in that part of the district. You will have to do the best you can with the troops at your disposal to cover the border to the Kansas River.

By order of General Mitchell:

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 7, 1865-11. 20 a. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Omaha or Fort Kearny:

You have permission, and I desire to see you.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Halleck, Dak. Ter., May 7, 1865.

Brigadier General G. V. HENRY,

Commanding South Sub-District of the Plains, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: In reply to yours, there are no Indians in this vicinity that have come from the direction of Sweetwater. I have kept parties out in the hills, but as yet have seen no signs of any. There are thirty lodges of Arapahoes within nine miles of here. They are from Laramie and have their families, and passes from different persons; among others one from Colonel Chivington. I had some of the chiefs here to-day. Had a talk; told them I would want them to stay where they are for some few days, and not to go away until they gave me five days' notice. They are all good Indians. Nearly three years ago the Cheyennes or Snakes ran off a company's horses (of our regiment), and they pursued and brought them back. They also assisted in getting some of the white women from the Cheyennes. I can recommend them to you as good men. Any orders you may have relative to them I will carry into effect. The game is very plenty is why they stay here.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. HUMFREVILLE,

Captain, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Numbers 15. Santa Fe., N. Mex., May 7, 1865.

* * * *

IV. Colonel Christopher Carson, with Major Albert H. Pfeiffer and Companies C and L of his regiment, and Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed from Fort Union, N. Mex., starting on the 20th instant, to Cedar Bluffs or Cold Spring, on the Cimarron route to the States, where, at or near one of these places Colonel Carson will select and establish a camp to be occupied until the 1st day of November next, unless otherwise ordered from these headquarters. The object of establishing this camp is to have troops at that dangerous part of the route in order to give protection to trains passing to

