
other orders concerning the draft, are hereby suspended until further orders, in conformity with instructions from the Secretary of War.

II. Colonel Sheldon Sturgeon, acting assistant provost-marshal-general and superintendent of the draft, will report to these headquarters the condition of enrollment under such orders and all facts relating to the enlistment of drafted men and subsistence.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, May 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

I have the honor to urge the immediate necessity for cavalry in this department to patrol the interior, to suppress the marauders and guerrilla parties certain to be formed from disbanded Texans and other troops, who are in a state of destitution, returning from the rebel armies. Outrages from these parties have already commenced. It is necessary also that I should have some white infantry regiments with which to garrison interior towns and districts when I am ordered to do so. I believe there are still eleven cavalry regiments at Memphis, and I cannot see the utility of their detention there. I would suggest that the First Iowa, Second Wisconsin, and Eleventh and Twelfth Illinois be sent here to report to me.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General W. F. TUCKER, C. S. Army,

Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 7th instant, and in reply have to inform you that I will be obliged for any information, by any opportunity. It is proposed to postpone the occupation of Jackson until orders arrive from General Canby, unless an urgent necessity arises.

I am, sir, respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., May 8, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to notify you that it is currently reported that the Texas troops of General Taylor's command refused to surrender or be paroled in accordance with the terms granted to the Confederate forces, and that the officers of these troops are now engaged in recruiting their companies from dissatisfied soldiers

