
confer with General Sibley. General Sully is here urging his proposed expedition to the Black Hills, but I desire that his attention may be given first to these movements of the Sioux, which extend to his district on the frontiers of Iowa and Minnesota. I transmit a letter from General Sibley relating to the affair at Blue Earth River for the general's information. * Vigorous efforts will be made to avoid the Indian forays which are named.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 8, 1865-1. 40 p. m.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul:

I have just received a letter from Mr. Hinman, missionary, in regard to settling certain Sioux Indians on their old hands. If the Governor and people of Minnesota desire these Indians again to be located in contact with their frontier settlements and will themselves be responsible for the results, I will interpose no further objections, though in my judgment it will not be wise to allow any Indian settlements inside the line of posts. The assent or request of the Governor must be made in writing. Answer.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, May 8, 1865.

(Received 2. 30 p. m. 9th.)

Major-General POPE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. Governor Miller is absent. I do not believe the people will consent to have Indians so near the frontier. Something should, however, be done for those who have remained faithful. Formidable raids occurred near Mankato. Troops are pursuing the savages.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 8, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am anxious that some five or six of the principal chiefs of the Navajo Nation of Indians and some three or four of the principal men of the Mescalero Apache Indians from the 9,000 of these two peoples now upon the reservation at the Bosque Redondo, N. Mex., should go to Washington to see and talk with the President, the Secretary of War, and the Secretary of the Interior. They are very anxious themselves to go, and I am confident that for them to see our authorities and to see our country en route to the seat of government will have a beneficial result. I respectfully beg leave from the War

---------------

*See Sibley to Curtis, May 4, Part I, p. 252.

---------------

