
Department to send them on under the charge of Captain Henry B. Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry, who has for a long time been stationed in their midst, has directed their labors, settled their little differences, has taken uncommon interest in their welfare and advancement, and whom they look upon with great affection and confidence. This can be done with but a trifling expense, as they can go to Leavenworth in public wagons. I trust the honorable Secretary will be pleased to know that they with to see him and to take him by the hand. He cannot fail to have his feelings interested in their behalf once he has seen what intelligent and manly fellows they are. And once they know that the heads of the Government take an earnest interest in their welfare and are disposed to be generous to them and their people they will return satisfied and happy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 8, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN CARSON,

First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Taos, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: I received last evening your note of the 6th instant, and inclose herewith the order for your movement. * In my opinion your consultations and influence with the Indians of the plains will stop the war. Be sure and move on the appointed day. I have full faith and confidence in your judgment and in your energy. To have a fine camp with ovens, a comfortable place for the sick, good store-rooms, some defenses thrown up to prevent surprise, pickets established at good points for observations, hay cut and hauled to feed nights, or in case the Indians crowd you, large and well-armed guard under an officer with the public animals when herding, promptness in getting into the saddle and in moving to held the trains; a disposition to move quick, each man with his little bag of flour, a little salt and sugar and coffee, and not hampered by packs; arms and equipments always in order; tattoo and reveille roll-calls invariably under arms, so that men shall have their arms on the last thing at night and in their hands the first thing in the morning; to have an inspection by the officers at tattoo and at reveille of the arms, and to see that the men are ready to fight, never to let this be omitted; to have if possible all detachments commanded by an officer, to report progress and events from time to time-these seem to be some of the essential points which of course you will keep in view. If the Indians behave themselves, that is all the peace we want, and we shall not molest them. If they do not we will fight them on sight and to the end. The war is over now, and if necessary 10,000 men can at once be put into the field against them. Tell them this. It is a short speech, but it covers all the ground. You know I don't believe much in smoking with Indians. When they fear us, they behave. They must be made to fear us or we can have no lasting peace. They must not think to stop the commerce of the plains, nor must they imagine that we are going to keep up escorts with trains. We do this now until we learn whether they will behave or not. If they will not we will end the matter by a war which will remove any further necessity

---------------

*See Special Orders, No. 15, Department of New Mexico, May 8, p. 344.

---------------

