
5. The Eighty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry upon its arrival from Brazos Santiago, Tex., will proceed without delay to Port Hudson, La., and report for duty to Brigadier General Cyrus Hamlin, commanding post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Plaquemine, La., May 9, 1865.

Major EDMUND C. BURT,

Third Rhode Island Cav., Commanding Detachment, Plaquemine, La.:

SIR: Pursuant to instructions from headquarters La Fourche District you are hereby directed to proceed with all your available force to Bayou Goula on a special reconnaissance, for the purpose of clearing that section of country of the guerrillas and jayhawkers with which it is said to be infested. You will make a written report to these headquarters of your expedition immediately after returning to the post. Your attention is called to General Orders, No. 45, from headquarters Defenses of New Orleans, dated at New Orleans, December 27, 1864, to which you will strictly conform in rendering your report.

By order of Colonel J. H. Sypher, commanding post:

J. C. WHITIN, Jr.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. 11th U. S. Colored Heavy Arty. and Post Adjt.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Brashear City, May 9, 1865.

Major WICHKAM HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The train left last evening before your telegram was received. I do not know where to communicate with it, and hardly think it will be safe for it to return. The post commissary here reports 65,000 rations on hand. The ammunition on hand is as follows: 227 rounds per gun for 12-pounder light guns; 283 rounds per gun for 24-pounder guns; 220 rounds per gun for 30-pounder guns; 285 rounds per gun for 32-pounder guns; 224 rounds per gun for 42-pounder guns. There is some surplus shot for some calibers and some surplus powder for other calibers. The powder can be made over in an emergency should it arise before a supply arrives. Shot and shell enough should be sent to make up 400 rounds for the 12-pounder guns. There is a sufficient supply of grape and canister. I shall order the post commander to make out requisitions for the amount required and have them sent through by an officer on a hand-car. If I find in a few hours that there will be no train through to-day I will go to Tigerville, via Bayou Boeuf, on the Cornie, and make a personal inspection of the troops and bridges, taking with me five days' rations for those stations and Bayou Louise, which can be supplied by hand-car from Bayou Boeuf. Will be able after a personal inspection to make further suggestions. I do not think it advisable under the present emergency to avail myself of the leave of absence granted me yesterday, but shall remain at my post.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

