HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,Brashear City, La., May 9, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

I have just returned from Tigerville and the road east of there. I think there is no danger of the bridge at Tigerville or Bayou Boeuf, but there is of the bridge at Bayou Ramis. But the greatest danger is in the swamp half a mile east of Tigerville. I ran up there and found the water flowing over the embankment and rails with great force for more than half a mile, cutting and washing the lower side of the track. The fall is now some eighteen inches and it is washing very fast. The water is still rising and I do not believe it possible for a train to pass over it with safety two days more. Captain Upham has 50,000 rations at Algiers, and I have telegraphed Mr. Johnson, master of transportation, to send them certainly in the morning. I have had the commanding officer send an officer to you with requisitions for ammunition. He started to-day, but cannot arrive until to-morrow. In the meanwhile Colonel Atkins, commanding the post, will telegraph to you the amount of the requisitions, so it may be sure to be ready for the train day after to-morrow, if not by to-morrow.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 9, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding:

You will send as soon as practicable an infantry force to garrison Clinton, La., with orders to protect public and private property against any unlawful interference from whatever source. The selection of a well-disciplined organization, under an energetic and discreet commander, is suggested. Our troops mus realize that under the new state of affairs the people of the South must necessarily look upon our armies as their sole protectors. Please advise these headquarters on departure of the command. The Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, now at Port Hudson, is ordered to this city, and the Eighty-seventh ordered to replace it.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BATON ROUGE, May 9, 1865. (Received 2 p. m.)

Major General N. P. BANKS:

I have rumors from good rebel sources on the west side of the river that Jeff. Davis is now at Shreveport. This may, however, be a ruse to throw us off the watch. I have my small cavalry force occupying the ridge from Bayou Sara to Fort Adams watching closely for him.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

