HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 9, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding:

Your telegram is received and contents noted about Davis. We learn from reliable sources that Jeff. Davis is in the vicinity of his plantation, or has been, and will attempt to cross there. Every exertion should be made to prevent it if possible.

By command:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, May 9, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: As the probabilities of Davis getting across the Mississippi and escaping into Mexico are strongly in his favor, I take the liberty of making a suggestion which I hope will not be considered officious on my part. You are aware that the Liberal party under Juarez occupy Monterey, Piedras Negras, and all points on the Rio Grande down as far as Camargo. Near the latter place is General Certoria with 2,000 Liberal troops waiting for a favorable opportunity to capture Matamoras. I am now and have been in communication with him personally for some time. He states that the moment our forces occupy Matamoras this will give the Liberal party entire control of the Rio Grande. Their feeling and friendship for the United States Government is well known. It therefore seems to me that if we should occupy Brownsville at once thus, without the slightest violation of neutrality, helping the Juarez party to secure the line of the Rio Grande, we could through the present extradition treaty secure Davis and such of his accomplices as escape into Mexico. I was in command for seven months on that frontier, and am confident Juarez and his officers would act with us in the most hearty manner. I am speaking confidentially for Certoria and the other officers on the Rio Grande, and know they would work as hard, if not harder, to secure Davis than our troops. It would require to occupy and hold Brownsville and the country up to Ringgold Barracks about one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry. My only excuse for venturing these suggestions is my great desire to see Davis and company captured and brought to justice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 9, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops sent from Little Rock, Ark., by General Salomon were directed to land between the mouth of Bayou Meto, and operate between that stream and White River. A co-operating force of 170 cavalry under Major Davis was sent from this post to scour the country between Bayou Meto and the Arkansas River.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

