
COLORADO CITY, COLO. TER., April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant IRA I. TABER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Colorado, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of my actions on and in compliance with instructions from Colonel Moonlight, dated March 20, 1865: I reached Colorado City April 1, at which place Major Head arrived on the 3rd of April. We had a talk with Neraro Colorado, Shagauno, and Carragut, chiefs of the Utes. The Indians are not much to blame for what they have done at this place. It seems there has been a mutual misunderstanding of both parties, owing to imperfect interpretation, the Indians understanding the citizens to say they would furnish them flour and the citizens intending to convey to the Indians that they (the citizens) would use their influence with the authorities at Denver to get them subsistence. The promises made by the citizens were owing to the fact that the Indians are in a very needy condition and therefore annoyed and troubled the citizens by eternally hanging around their residences begging for something to eat. These matters were all talked over amicably and the Indians leave here for the other side of the mountains in a few days. Major Head intends distributing fifty sacks of flour among them to subsist them in getting away. They were told of the difficulty between their people and the Mexicans (which Major Head speaks of in his letter to the governor) and they say they are perfectly willing to let it pass without trouble; that they wish to live in peace with the whites; that they are not able to go war, and that no slight breach of the treaty will cause them to do so; that they are willing and hope this last trouble can be amicably settled by negotiation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK MURRELL,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Battalion, First Colorado Cavalry.

P. S. -Major Head directs me to say that he will forward a full report soon.

F. M.

NEW ORLEANS, April 6, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find the letter about which I spoke to you yesterday. * It is addressed, as you will perceive, to Major-General Walker, who, on the Confederate side, commands the District of Texas. Its purpose, however, was to put me in communication with General E. Kirby Smith. Walker, unfortunately, is of the "last ditch" school, so that it is doubtful whether he will forward it. Our arrangement of yesterday will accomplish the purpose just as well. If General Smith accedes to the suggestion of an interview, please take the business in your own control. If he is willing to confer he must be willing to treat. I will make it a point when I get to Washington to ascertain what our authorities think of the proposition, and post you in time for General Smith's reply.

Respectfully, your friend,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See sub-inclosure No. 7, Wallace to Grant, May 16, p. 462.

---------------

