
a sufficient cavalry force to this section to effectually hunt them down. I think their intention is to cross the river. They report other parties coming in this direction. We will have to fight it out on the Missouri River. Thomas Woodson had gone into Sabine with as many as twenty-five men. All these men left Texas together about the 18th of April. Men in Porter's command said they knew nothing of Johnston's surrender until last week. They did not expect to find the people so changed, and that a large portion of them are anxious to give themselves up if they can be treated as prisoners of war. They do not speak for Anderson's men. David Pool said to citizens that he would surrender on the same terms. Citizens think if terms would be granted them a large portion of them would give themselves up. What should I do in case they make formal overtures? Please let me know if you can send me cavalry.

B. K. DAVIS,

Major, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 9, 1865.

Major B. K. DAVIS,

Lexington:

Tell Colonel Harding that 200 guerrillas are reported in the vicinity of Holden. The infantry regiment to arrive to-night will be sent to Holden. Captain Donohue reported fro Longwood, Pettis County, that he was in pursuit of a band of guerrillas traveling northeast from that place at 7 o'clock last night. Have you any report that Colonel Harding's escort was attacked on the road?

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, MO., May 9, 1865.

Captain LAURANT:

The following just received:

LONGWOOD, May 8, 1865-p. m.

Captain HAMILTON,

Sedalia:

I just returned from scout out north. Did not find anything. Rebels followed after me, about twelve miles behind. I did not hear of them until I returned to camp. I started in pursuit immediately. They went northeast.

H. C. DONOHUE,

Captain.

W. B. HAMILTON,

Captain.

SEDALIA, MO., May 9, 1865.

Captain LAURANT:

My scouts have just returned. Found no enemy. Just received dispatch from Captain Donohue. He has just returned to Longwood. Found no enemy. Learned since he came back that they were following him. He was going for them. He did not state how many there were. This I learn by a dispatch from Captain Donohue.

W. B. HAMILTON,

Captain.

