
know as soon as they learn the success of our cause, it is hardly possible that they will wish to continue in a career which can have nothing in prospect but a halter. I shall leave Santa Fe for Franklin as soon as the next eastern mail comes in, which will doubtless be by next Saturday, allowing me to start the following Monday. But until my arrival, when this matter will be more fully considered, you will send out spies, as suggested by Inspector-General Davis, and get all the information you can. In case you find such a body approaching you will send an officer with a flag into their camp and give them formal notice of the great changes which have just taken place and warn them of the consequences which will follow the further prosecution of hostile demonstrations against the troops or people of the United States. You will require them to desist in their enterprise and to return to their homes. All armed men coming from Texas you will disarm. Their arms thus taken will be held until further orders, and care will be taken to have them carefully labeled and described so that the men may receive them again a fitting season.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Craig, N. Mex., May 9, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: It is my melancholy duty to report that a serious accident occurred here yesterday afternoon. After much labor we succeeded in getting a good, substantial rope across the river just below the post, and had commenced crossing Company F, First New Mexico Volunteers, Lieutenant George H. Pettis commanding. The company had successfully crossed, together with Lieutenant Pettis' family, when, on the second trip of the boat, she sank forward and went down. On board were Captain D. B. Haskell, First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers; Lieutenant John S. Crouch, same regiment; Lieutenant A. B. Johnston, acting commissary of subsistence; Mr. John Hubbell, brother of Judge Hubbell; Doctor Strachn, of Albuquerque; Wagon-Master John Mull, from Albuquerque, and a number of the men and laundresses of Company F, First New Mexico Volunteers. Captain Haskell, Mr. John Hubbell, and some eight men of Company F, First New Mexico Volunteers, were drowned. I have not been able to obtain the names of the men lost from Company F, for the reason that many were sent down to the bank of the river to assist or find the bodies. Lieutenant Johnston was rescued by three brave fellows of Company F, who swam to his assistance and supported him until rescued. Captain Haskell was an expert swimmer, but was lost. He probably was injured by being washed over the mules that were struggling in the water. I deeply deplore Captain Haskell's loss. He was a high-minded, energetic, and valuable officer. His loss is a serious one to his regiment. None of the bodies have as yet been found, though I have had most of my command searching for them since the accident. The mules attached to the wagon were all drowned. The river is still rising, and I fear will inundate most of the valley now planted. The boat has been raised, but it is useless against the strong current (loaded) unless rebuilt entirely. If it were possible

