
to procure a couple of good carpenters we might build a boat that would at all times be safe. The lives of these men lost cautions us to supply safe boat in the future.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN A. RIGG,

Lieutenant Colonel First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., May 9, 1865.

Lieutenant B. TAYLOR, Jr.,

Fifth U. S. Infantry, Post Adjutant:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major commanding that at the last count of the Navajoes on the reservation, made the 30th day of April, 1865, it showed a loss of about 900 Indians. Upon inquiring among the chiefs I am informed that a great many poor and sick families have left the Bosque, the former to herd sheep for Mexicans, who are herding their stock on the Llano Estacado, in the vicinity of the Alamo Gordo and at and around the many water holes between this and the Rio Colorado. The sick have gone to regain their strength and health. Many yet remain who complain of constipation, headache, and fevers. I am of the opinion that many deaths have occurred that have not been reported. The sickness generally is among the grown up and aged. Many of the Navajoes express dissatisfaction at not being allowed to plant on the west side of the Acequia Madre, but the feeling, I think, is fast being lost, as they have already commenced to plant upon their own accord in many places and are making new acequias. I would respectfully request that a mounted detail in charge of an officer be sent to visit the Indians off the reservation and order them back to their homes at once, and that the Navajoes in camp at or near the Alamo Gordo who have done no work on the reservation be Springs. In conclusion, I would state that the number of spurious tickets are increasing and that they are so handsomely executed as to be undistinguishable. Three hundred of these tickets are among the genuines and are so much alike and the dgar is unable to throw them out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. BRISTOL,

Captain, Fifth Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Sumner, N. Mex., May 9, 1865.

Captain EMIL FRITZ,

First California Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: I am informed by Captain H. B. Bristol, Fifth U. S. Infantry, now superintending the Navajo Indians, that a great many of that tribe are at present absent from this reservation. Orders have this day been issued directing you to proceed and send to this reservation all the Indians found at large between this post and the settlements. Visit the different herds as you pass along, and on your return see the Indians who have their herds near the Alamo Gordo. These later have done no labor on the farm this season. They must either go and cut wood with Lieutenant Fox's party or return at once and assist on the farm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McCLEAVE,

Major, First California Cavalry, Commanding.

