HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 10, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Major General F. J. Herron entered upon service in this department July 26, 1863, in command of the Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps. During the campaign in Texas he was placed in command of the forces on the Rio Grande until July, 1864, when he assumed command of the Districts of Baton Rouge and Port Hudson, and is now in command of the Military Division of Northern Louisiana. He is an officer of energy and capacity, has distinguished himself in the service in which he has been engaged. His commands have always been efficient and prepared for service. His administration in the districts he has commanded has been efficient and satisfactory. On the Rio Grande he maintained the interests of our Government with great fidelity, and without in any respect complicating us with Mexico. He has been a most patriotic and faithful officer, and merits, as I hope he will receive, the approval of the Government for his valuable labors here as in other military departments.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 55. New Orleans, May 10, 1865.

All ferry-boats, skiffs, flat-boats, wood-boats, and all means of crossing the Mississippi River, will be immediately taken possession of by the military authorities between Carrollton and Red River Landing, and no person will be allowed to cross the river at any intermediate point without the necessary military permit, except on the boats designated and controlled by proper military authority, and at such points as the military commander of the division may designate, who will place proper officers and troops at these points to give proper passes and furnish guards for the boats. All owners of boats of any description on the Mississippi River between the points designated will take their boats to the nearest military post and deliver them up to the proper military commander or provost-marshal and take receipts therefor, and the said boats will be held under guard until further orders from these headquarters. Any person detected in using any boat or raft contrary to the provisions of this order, or any person caught attempting to cross the river, except at such points as designated by the division commander, will be immediately arrested and confined and these headquarters notified of the circumstances of the case. No steam-boat will be allowed to tie up at night within the limits of the provisions of this order, except at regular military posts. The commanding officers of the Northern and Southern Divisions of Louisiana are charged with the immediate execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

