
justified by the proclamation which may result in his capture. It is unnecessary to say that such success on your part would be of the greatest service to the Government and reflect the highest possible honor upon your command. It is not known with certainty whether he will attempt an escape by the Mississippi River or by the Gulf from Florida, but every possible exertion should be made to prevent his escape by the Mississippi and Texas route. All information received of his movements will be sent to you without delay. I am confident that President Juarez and his officers would act our troops to secure Davis on political grounds, without reference to the reward which is offered, but to which they would doubtless be entitled if successful. It may be necessary for the accomplishment of this purpose to occupy Brownsville and the country up to Ringgold Barracks. One regiment of infantry and one of cavalry would be sufficient for this purpose. But inasmuch as the Rio Grande has been abandoned except at Brazos Santiago, it would not be justifiable to attempt its occupation unless it be necessary for the purpose designated-the capture of Davis and his associate officers. The Liberal party under Juarez occupies Monterey, Piedras, Piedras Negras, and all points on the Rio Grande as far as Camargo. Near the latter place is General Certoria with 2,000 Liberal troops waiting for a favorable opportunity to capture Matamoras. It will be necessary to avoid any complication with him in their movements against the Imperial Government in Mexico, but any measures resulting in the capture of Davis would doubtless be approved by our Government. I have the highest confidence in your faithful discharge of the duties assigned you at that important post, which may become the theater of important events in the progress of the war now near its close.

I remain, you obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Brashear City, La., May 10, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel ATKINS,

Commanding Post, Brashear City, La.:

The general commanding directs that you send twenty-five men with three days' rations, under a competent officer, on board steamer Cornie, with directions to proceed to Bayou Long under a flag of truce for the purpose of distributing rations of hard bread of families that have been driven out of their homes by the recent water and overflow and who are suffering for food. Destitute families, their cattle, and goods found there will be taken by the Cornie to the Shell Bank, on Lake Palourde, or to Gibbon's Point, as they may prefer. No persons of this description will be brought to Brashear City. Captain Upham, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, will be instructed to send 600 pounds of hard bread and 100 pounds of salt in charge of the officer in command, to be distributed to the families most needy. A memorandum will be kept of the names, amounts, and number of persons issued to in each family. I immediately on the return of the boat a written report will be made out of action taken under these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

