
PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, who commands the scout sent from this post to co-operate with that sent by General Salomon informs me that Captain Husband, Captains Maybery and Vaugine, who command three companies of rebels north of Arkansas River, wish to surrender themselves and commands; in all, about seventy men, on condition that they be treated as prisoners of war. Shall I accept their surrender upon those terms? Please answer to-night, as Major Davis is awaiting an answer from me. These commands compose all the troops upon that side of the river.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Fort Gibson, C. N., May 10, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS:

SIR: Although I have learned that we are attached to a new division, we have as yet not received the order. I have seen the general orders from department headquarters for mustering in and mustering out the Indian command. From what I learn I fear that the order is to be construed so as to muster out men and officers of date April 30. The muster out of the First Regiment will begin at once and take several days. The month will probably be closed, or nearly closed, before the men are relieved from duty or mustered out. As their terms have not legally expired, I submit that the date of the muster out of those who do not re-enlist ought to be the date of their actually being mustered out or relieved from service, and I ask that instructions be sent to that effect to the mustering officer. Should these Indian soldiers be mustered out otherwise they will be deprived of pay to which they are justly entitled and which they cannot subsequently collect so easily as other parties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. SPRAGUE, U. S. Army:

(Care of Captain Foster, commanding U. S. gun-boat Lafayette, off mouth of Red River, La.)

COLONEL: As soon as you have received a reply to my communication sent by you to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith you will please return without delay to this city. A decline to send an answer to my letter will be sufficient. No further delay on Red River will probably lead to any profitable result, and it is not desired that you remain any longer than is necessary for the purposes heretofore stated. Johnston surrender to Sherman all forces east and north Chattahoochee River. An official telegram from General Canby announces the surrender to him of Lieutenant General Dick Taylor and all the rest of the Confederate forces east of the Mississippi River.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

