
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSOURI, No. 14. Saint Louis, Mo., May 10, 1865.

The following telegraphic order of the War Department is promulgated for the information and guidance of all concerned in this military division. Commanders will take immediate measures to have this order carried into effect:

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 9, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

Upon receipt thereof you are authorized to cause the immediate muster out or discharge from service of all officers and soldiers of your command whose term of service will expire prior by May 31, 1865. In discharging the said troops the following will be observed:

First. The muster out will be made in accordance with existing regulations by the commissary of musters of division, under the direction of the commissary of musters of corps or departments.

Second. Army and department commanders will forth with ascertain the number of men within their respective commands to be discharged and report the same direct to the Paymaster-General of the Army, forwarding a duplicate of the report to the Adjutant-General. Such report must specify the number for each regiment or company if an independent one.

Third. The Paymaster-General will arrange to make immediate payment to the men discharged, said payments to be made in the armies or departments in which the men may be serving at date of muster out.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 10, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith inclosed copy of a letter to Major General A. McD. McCook, U. S. Volunteers, directing him to proceed to Fort Leavenworth for the purpose of joining Congressional committee now on its way to the plains to examine into Indian affairs. The general commanding directs that you issue such orders as will enable General McCook to obtain such supplies, escorts, assistance, &amp;c., as specified in the inclosed letter, as he may need.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 10, 1865.

Major General A. McD. McCOOK:

GENERAL: You will proceed to Fort Leavenworth and join the Congressional committee now on its way to the plains to examine into Indian affairs. A proper escort will be ordered to report to you, and commanding officers of posts on the routes pursued will be instructed to furnish additional escorts and supplies, if needed, on your requisition, as also the depot quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth. You will please accompany and escort the Congressional committee to whatever

25 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

