
sections of country they desire to visit, and will furnish them with every assistance and all the information at your command in prosecuting their investigation. You are instructed to call their attention to all matters concerning the treatment of Indians by Indian agents or by the military authorities, and the result of the Indian policy hitherto pursued. This whole subject ought to be fully laid open to the knowledge of the committee, both in justice to the Government and to the Indian. Your long experience in the Indian country enables you to invite the attention of the committee to all the errors, mistakes, frauds, and wrongs of the present system of Indian policy, and it is desired that you do so fully, to the end that proper revision of the whole system be made at the next session of Congress. On your return from the plains you will please report in person at these headquarters and make out a report of your mission. So far as is known here the committee which you are to accompany consists of Honorable J. R. Doolittle and Honorable L. S. Foster, U. S. Senate. There are, perhaps, others belonging to the committee, but it is not known here who they are.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 10, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have dispatches from Lieutenant-Colonel Hynes, dated Chalk Bluff, 9th, to the effect that Jeff. Thompson was then in his camp negotiating a surrender of his command. He has no force with him, but represents it to be large, though greatly scattered. He has been given forty-eight hours to consult with his subordinate commanders at Jonesborough as to the terms, and to arrange for the collection of his command at some rendezvous. I leave immediately for Bloomfield and may go to Chalk Bluff.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

CHALK BLUFF, May 10, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Brigadier General Jeff. Thompson is in our camp. He is a witty fellow, and is continually talking about impossibilities. He has not yet decided whether to surrender or not. Shall try and convince him. If he gives up it will [be] hard to find his army.

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CHALK BLUFF, May 10, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

General Thompson, having no force at hand, thinks he has no authority to surrender his scattered forces without consulting his brigade commanders. We have therefore given him forty-eight hours to communicate with Colonels Dobbin and McCray. Thompson's command is scattered over all Northern Arkansas, and it will require several days

