
LEXINGTON, May 10, 1865.

General DODGE:

I arrived here last night. Find things satisfactory so far as the river troops are concerned. I will return to Warrensburg to-morrow, as I see no occasion to be absent so long as to visit my different posts. More parties of guerrillas and of Price's men are reported moving into my district. To-morrow I hope to attack one strong band. I have directed the Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry to move up to Warrensburg, to be used as occasion may require. The guerrillas know when I weaken a point and move accordingly.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 10, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER FIFTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs that you move by rail to the end of the road; thence your regiment will march to Kingsville and camp in its immediate vicinity. You will send two companies to take post at Duncan's Branch. One company will be assigned to the protection of the construction train. Large bodies of guerrillas are reported in the neighborhood of Kingsville. Your men must be kept active and precautions taken to guard against surprise. You will leave your quartermaster and commissary to draw supplies at this post. A return of your command will be sent to this office as soon as practicable. You will receive further instructions from the colonel commanding. In the meantime you will afford all possible protection to the road between Kingsville and Pleasant Hill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, May 10, 1865-9. 25 a. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

It is reported at these headquarters that three men of the Warren and Montgomery County companies were killed yesterday morning by a gang of twelve bushwhackers between Danville and Portland. The guerrillas were dressed in complete Federal uniform and were taken by the militia for Federal troops. They traveled a mile or two in company, when at a signal the guerrillas commenced shooting. There were 6 militiamen-3 known to be killed, 2 missing, and 1 escaped. I have 75 men of the Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia in pursuit.

W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEXICO, May 10, 1865-11. 25 a. m.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Captain Mitchell, of the militia of Littleby, Audrain County, captured four bushwhackers yesterday and has brought them to me. One is the noted Saunders, from Saline County; Brown, from Linn County,

