
district. Prompt communication must be kept up between the outer pickets and main bodies, and the main bodies at Bonnet Carre and Hermitage Plantation, but must keep pickets well thrown out.

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, April 6, 1865.

Colonel SIMON JONES,

Brasher City:

Whitaker's gang was overtaken and scattered on Tuesday last near head of Lake Verret. They are expected to escape by way of Bayou Long. You will send the steamer Cornie with fifty men from your command into Flat Lake this evening, for the purpose of watching the mouth of Bayou Long. The men will take three days' rations and remain near the mouth of Bayou Long until the morning of the 8th.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

THOBUDEAUX, April 6, 1865.

Colonel SAYLES,

Napoleonsville:

You will send Major Davis at daylight to-morrow (Friday) morning with 125 mounted men, five days' rations, and such forage us they can carry to Doctor Ford's Landing, on Grand Bayou. From that point Major Davis will proceed with seventy-five dismounted men, cross Grand Bayou, and scout the country between Grand Bayou and Grand River, for the purpose of hunting out and capturing the remainder of Whitaker's gang, scattered in the engagement of Tuesday. The men left in charge of the horses at Ford's Crossing will be instructed to keep themselves well picketed to prevent surprise or disaster. Major Davis will communicate, if possible, with Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, in command of the expedition which left Bayou Boeuf in small boats on Tuesday last. He will forward a written report on his return.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, No. 84. Little Rock, Ark., April 6, 1865.

I. The major-general commanding commends the gallant act of Captain R. C. Custard, One hundred and twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry, and nineteen soldiers (colored) under his command, for their bravery on the 2nd instant, in defending the train of cars, thrown from the track in consequence of removal of rails, against a company of rebel bushwhackers nearly double their number, under a leader signing himself M. F. Maybery to demand for surrender, after being repulsed. Occasion is taken to remind officers in charge of guards on trains or boats that they will refuse, as in this case, any demand for surrender. Government property will be defended to the last extremity. Fred. Taylor,

