
of this division, will at once be discontinued. The draft under division General Orders, No. 4, of 1865, will also be discontinued, and the officers in charge of it in the Department of the Gulf and of Mississippi will report the results through the commanders of their departments, stating specifically the number drafted, the number mustered into service, and the number exempted, and the cause of exemptions. In the case of alienage the names of exempts will be reported.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRASHEAR CITY, May 11, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

SIR: I learn this morning that fifty yards of the track is gone between Chacahoula and Terre Bonne and that it is doubtful if the train can run as far as Terre Bonne. Terre Bonne or La Fourche Crossing will be the terminus of the road from New Orleans. We can reach the road from this place as far as Tigerville by boat, but there is now no means of communicating between Tigerville and Terre Bonne. The road is cut for weeks-no one can tell how long. A train reached Bayou Boeuf Station yesterday before the break with 50,000 rations and three car loads of coal. I shall send the Cornie after it as soon as she returns from Bayou Long, where I sent her after receiving your dispatch yesterday to save a few drowning families. The gun-boat Glide has gone into Lake Chicot and Bayou Chene on the same mission. I have telegraphed Colonel Fuller to send the companies at Chacahoula to Tigerville for the purpose of removing them to this place by boat. As soon as it is definitely ascertained that the two companies at Tigerville and the one at Bayou Lewis can be of no further use to any part of the road I will move them, as their quarters are surrounded with water. At Bayou Boeuf, however, they have a fine, dry shell bank, and we can keep in daily communication with them, and I think they should remain as an outpost and to hold Bayou Boeuf. The water is constantly rising here and now overflows half of this place. It is encroaching upon the camps and I am afraid renders the water battery useless, the magazine of that battery now being full of water. I have no fear, however, but what we will have dry ground enough to camp on during the flood. As to the question of ammunition, Colonel Atkins says there are 30,000 rounds left by Colonel Jones, which the said Colonel Jones told him were gained, and no count has been made of them. This will increase our small ammunition to 125 rounds per man. We should have at least 125,000 more. I had no idea that there was any deficiency in small ammunition, as Colonel Atkins told me the supply was up to the order, but he says he was supposing that 100 rounds was all that existing orders required. I cannot see how this post could be thoroughly inspected by Colonel Smith and Captain Southwick and the fact not having been ascertained that orders from Southern Division of Louisiana requiring 600 rounds per man to be kept on had were totally disregarded by the former post commander. I intended to send this by telegraph from this place, but the line is also is not working there, through to Terre Bonne by special messenger, from which place it will be telegraphed. My present plan of communication will be to send a boat

