
up to Tigerville with the mail at least every other day and have a heroic messenger wade through the swamp from there to Terre Bonne. I cannot spare the Cornie oftener than that, as she is needed here for so many other purposes, and the Little Tommy is in constant use as a picket-boat. I will have the commanding officer of each station in the road keep a party out to keep up the telegraph line, if possible, also. The water has just reached at this 10 a. m. the platforms of the guns in the water battery and we must move them by 2 o'clock this day. Two 32-pounder Parrotts will be mounted in the redoubt covering the river. At Fort Buchanan the sally-port is being dammed up and the terra plain will be kept dry by means of pumps.

Very respectfully,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

NEW ORLEANS, May 11, 1865.

General HERRON:

GENERAL: There are no horses to be procured for the cavalry at Baton Rouge. General West is organizing a command for Texas or some other place, which precludes the possibility of securing a single horse. General Canby is expected here to-morrow. I shall wait his coming. Will make proper representations and proceed to Baton Rouge thereafter by first boat.

Yours,

J. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General.

PORT HUDSON, May 11, 1865.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The road from here to Jackson is in a fair condition. There is but one bridge on this road, which is about two miles from here. I will have that repaired immediately. Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell returned from Clinton this morning. The citizens say they think Davis crossed the river about three days ago above Bayou Sara. Heard nothing about Colonel Scott. Says that there is quite a number of officers and men at Clinton waiting for Colonel Monroe.

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, May 11, 1865-11 p. m.

Captain CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The following information was sent me to-day by a loyal citizen. That part of it which refers to the crossing of General Hood is, I think, correct: Jeff. Davis staid at Centerville last Sunday night. Hood was at Liberty. Hood crossed the river at Tunica on Tuesday night, attended by Colonels Cunningham and Graham. I hear from a number of sources that Davis crossed the river early in the week. I can get nothing definite, but the impression that he has got over is general

