
of the civil authorities of the State, all troops and provost-marshals being withdrawn. Five counties south of the Missouri River have also been relieved from the operation of martial law, and the whole State is gradually and surely passing into the hands of its proper civil officers and laws. Of course, this result is all important, and it was the distinct understanding with the late President that to render this policy successful, all complaints of citizens of the State of Missouri against each other should be referred to the Governor of the State and by him settled or otherwise dealt with. Up to this time this policy has been steadily pursued and the beneficial results are very perceptible and highly encouraging. The order contained in the indorsement of Honorable Mr. Dana entirely upsets the whole policy and requires the immediate re-establishment of martial law and the replacement of troops and provost-marshals in North Missouri. The State is thus thrown back into the condition of uncertainty, confusion, and disorder which characterized it six months ago. There is no doubt that the execution of this order will create great dissatisfaction among the great mass of citizens and the Governor and other civil officers of the State. There are certainly at the lowest estimate 50,000 loyal persons in this State who have suffered precisely as Dr. J. M. Martin has suffered and whose claims are equally strong. Of course, as soon as it is known that Doctor Martin's claim has been settled all other sufferers will throng in with their claims, and if they are not satisfied in the same manner there will be infinite clamor and dissatisfaction and the War Department will be thronged with these claimants will be presented which must be adjudicated. This order opens the whole subject of compensation to loyal men for losses in the war, and if such compensation is to be made by assessing secession sympathizers, some system should be adopted for the investigation of claims and the imposition and collection of assessments. Who is to determine the validity of claims as to the facts and the amounts? Who is to determine who are the secession sympathizers, and the amounts to be levied on each? Who is to receive and disburse these amounts to claimants?

In truth, this order opens the whole field of controversy on this subject, or rather, having determined the mode of compensation in the case of Doctor Martin, this indorsement of the Hon. Mr. Dana settles the fact that the loyal citizens of the United States are to be reimbursed for losses of property, &amp;c., in the war, and that the manner of compensation shall be assessments of the disloyal, to be made and collected by provost-marshals or other military agents. I need not tell you that the execution of this order in the case of Doctor Martin will be considered an announcement of the policy of the Government in such cases, and will most certainly be followed by the immediate presentation of not less than 50,000 other cases of the same character from Missouri alone, which must in common justice be settled in the same manner. It is not easy to convey to you an idea of the excitement which the execution of this order in Missouri will produce. Scarcely a man will consider his property safe, since his loyalty or disloyalty or Southern sympathy is after all to be determined by provost-marshals or the military agents, not all of whom are above taking bribes. I am very sure the present loyal State Executive and civil officers of Missouri will be bitterly opposed to the execution of this order. While I stand prepared to execute any orders of the War Department, I think it my duty to invite attention to a state of facts and a state of feeling and opinion which will produce consequences of the gravest and most perplexing character. My opinion is entirely against the execution of this order or other

