
exceptional orders of like character. Being on the spot and well acquainted with the condition of affairs in Missouri, I do not hesitate to say that the execution of this order will lead to unfortunate consequences. I have, therefore, deferred its execution until I receive further orders on the subject from you. Perhaps it may not be improper for me to say that until some general policy upon this subject is determined upon and laid down by the General Government it will be better to take no action on such claims, or when they arise in a State like Missouri, which has a loyal State Executive and civil officers, to refer them to the Governor of the State. These questions between citizens of Missouri can for the present be settled more to the satisfaction of the people by their State authorities than by exceptional orders from the Government to cover individual cases. I trust, therefore, that until some general policy is determined on all controversies or claims in which citizens of Missouri are parties will be referred to the Governor of the State for such action as he may deem judicious.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSOURI, No. 15. Saint Louis, Mo., May 11, 1865.

The following extract from orders of the War Department is published for the information and guidance of all concerned in this military division:

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 77. Washington, D. C., April 28, 1865.

For reducing expenses of the military establishment.

Ordered:

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VI. All officers and enlisted men who have been prisoners of war, and now on furlough or at the parole camps, and all recruits in rendezvous, except those for the Regular Army, and the First Army Corps (Hancock's) will likewise be honorably discharged. Officers whose duty it is under the regulations of the service to make out rolls and other final papers connected with the discharge and payment of soldiers are directed to make them out without delay, so that this order may be carried into effect immediately. Commanding generals of armies and departments will look to the prompt execution of this work.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., May 11, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock:

GENERAL: I send you herewith the report of your scout, C. S. Bell, which he left with me on his arrival at this place, requesting that I forward the same to you.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

