
moneys owned by him; thence go to Mexico and return to Arkansas. He was recognized at Camden, Ark., about the 8th of January by an officer of his regiment, and immediately arrested and sent to Washington. Here he was charged with murder and put in irons. He saw me and by a full betrayal he thought to cause my death and save his much endangered life. A note was by him sent to Magruder, terms were agreed upon, and from being free at noon of the 15th the setting sun of the same day beheld me ironed and charged with "being a Federal spy. "

My trial commenced on the 22nd and was prosecuted with vigor. I had able counsel. I impeached Delaney and two other witnesses, all that were brought against me. I proved a clear character; that I had fought and bled for their bogus Confederacy, and after a long delay and an expenditure of all my effects I was fully acquitted on the 22nd of February. The proceedings in my case were not published until the 12th of March. I received a copy of 20th. My irons were removed and a change of clothing allowed me. The sentry who had positive instructions to watch me at all times was relieved. I had suffered everything but death for sixty-four days; confined in a room but eighteen by twenty-eight; were at no time less than thirty-five prisoners and at times upward of sixty. They existed (they could not live) there. My irons were heavy and but little motion was allowed me. Upon reading the general order in my case I saw at once a flaw. I had been acquitted by a court of competent jurisdiction acting under an act of the rebel Congress. Magruder had approved the acquittal, but still would deprive me of my liberty and send me to Tyler for an indefinite period. He did not wish to acknowledge he was wrong. Here was a case for habeas corpus. I applied and on the 4th of April it was granted by the judge of the circuit court for Hempstead County, Ark., and I was free. Before night I was conscribed into the C. S. service and had passed a medical examination. I was pronounced "fit for active service," and assigned by Special Orders, No. 18, headquarters Commandant of Conscripts, District of Arkansas, to McNally's battery of light artillery. For fear that conscripts will not report promptly they are kept in prison a time and then sent to their respective commands "under guard. " This was my fate. I was started with four others to Shreveport en route to my battery on the 10th of April. It was impossible to escape. I had seen the results of attempts to escape from the den at Washington. Those who escaped, even Confederate soldiers, white men, were trailed with blood hounds and most brutally abused otherwise. I had seen five men led out to execution during my confinement, and written for them their last sad messages to their friends. These were Southern soldiers condemned for slight offenses. To kill a blood hound on your track was death by the military law as resistance to capture. Such is chivalry! First trail the unfortunate negro, then their own flesh and blood, with hounds.

I reached Shreveport, Sunday [Monday?], the 17th of April. Here I was confined in the stockade, about two miles and a half southwest of the city. The fare was tolerably good here, consisting of a moderate quantity of bread made of unsifty lean beef, at the rate of three-quarters of a pound per day to each prisoner. There have been many Union soldiers confined here within eighteen months past. During the evening of my arrival a sergeant of the guard, belonging to the Third Louisiana Infantry, attacked and brutally beat several colored soldiers of the Seventy-fifth and Ninety-second U. S. Regiments; two of them in particular I noticed with blood trickling over their brows.

