HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA, Baton Rouge, La., April 1, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBURT,Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 30th ultimo* was received same day, and I at once made such arrangements as in my opinion were necessary to prevent any movement of the enemy across the river within the limits of my command. I have seen the naval officers of both divisions with regard to doubling the patrols above the mouth of Red River and placing a gun-boat at Morganza, an have had it so arranged. The water has finally driven us to boats at Morganza, but one Regiment is regularly on duty in the fort ready for work, and I think we can without doubt retain our foothold there. The troops will not be as healthy on boats, but that is unavoidable. The quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores have all been removed. I shall be at the mouth of Red River and Morganza at least twice a week and will give personal attention to matters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR No. 1.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Morganza, La., April 1, 1865.

In obedience to instructions from headquarters District of Morganza the troops of this command in case of attack will be disposed as follows: Battery G, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, will take post in the fort to assist the Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, in serving the guns. The Fourteenth New York Cavalry (dismounted) and the provost guard will move into the fort and will be posted at the parapet. The Sixty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry will be placed in the fort at such point to be hereafter designated as will best enabled it to support and assist the forces above mentioned. The Sixty-seventh and Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry will take post at the leave above and below the fort, respectively. To familiarize the troops the troops with their position as above designated and to enable them to take their post rapidly and without confusion, they will be drilled in moving to and from their respective stations each day until otherwise directed from district headquarters, commencing to-morrow, 2nd instant, at 2 p. m. One gun fired from the fort will be the signal for the troops to commence moving to their positions above mentioned. In case of alarm the troops will take post as before directed without further orders. This circular will not be published to the troops.

By command of Colonel William H. Dickey:

FRANK MOREY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 1, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Mouth of White River:

Major-General Reynolds left here yesterday (31st) morning for Pine Bluff and mouth of White River upon tour of inspection, taking all the

---------------

*See Part I, p. 1298.

---------------

