
private, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, dispatch bearer, who is noticed in the official report of the action as having "ran off and secreted himself in the grass on the prairie, throwing away his saber, and after the affair was over returning to the train and recovering his saber and dispatches," is entitled to all the notoriety he is likely to incur at the hands of his fellow-soldiers for this disgraceful conduct.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, April 6, 1865-5 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

My scout returned yesterday from Red River. The enemy are conscripting in all the counties south, and are concentrating at Washington, shoeing their horses, and preparing to move, but in what direction could not learn. A cavalry force was understood to be moving toward this place, and several small parties have already made their appearance. Yesterday morning twenty mounted rebels came within two miles of Van Buren and stole some property. I sent out eight men, who overtook them seven miles from town, killed two of them and captured nine horses. From papers found on their bodies they were from Red River and on their way to Missouri. Will report as often as I have news of importance. Arkansas River very high; boats running to Fort Gibson.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant ROBINSON,Engineer, Fort Leavenworth:

Order the engineers on north route to report to General Connor, and submit their plains to him before any change is made in the posts. Telegraph them.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 94. Saint Louis, Mo., April 6, 1865.

The practice of officers and soldiers visiting citizens' houses and forcing them to furnish them meals must be stopped. Hereafter citizens are requested to report to these headquarters the names of any officer or soldier ordering them to furnish meals for themselves or commands without proper compensation thereof, when they will immediately arrested and punished.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

