
deal of ammunition issued to troops and on the road north. I think the news from Lee will stop this movement. Peremptory orders were sent to Kirby Smith several times between the 1st of November, 1864, and February, 1865, to cross the bulk of his army to the east of the Mississippi River. He made preparations to do so by dismounting 8,000 of his cavalry in January, but it having leaked out that a project was on foot to cross the Mississippi, such a violent outbreak and storm of disapproval arose that he was compelled to abandon his design. In March, about the 8th Smith's quartermaster (Major Cabell) and his chief disbursing officer were sent east of the river to procure funds to liquidate the enormous claims against the rebel Government in the Trans-Mississippi Department. It was expected they would return with about $8,000,000. Catfish Point, below Gaines' Landing, was to be the crossing. I do not think Jeff. Davis has yet reached the west side of the river, but it is almost certain that he will attempt to do so. Major Cabell being personally intimate with Davis, what more likely than that he will fall in with him, and, being the only officer of rank from the Trans-Mississippi Department, guide his fallen chief to that place of refuge, Texas. In this case they will cross at or near Catfish Point, or in Cypress or Choctaw Bend, all notorious as rebel crossing places. It would be best, perhaps, to watch these points. If Jeff. Davis reaches the west side of the river he will fight to be bitter end, and it would therefore save much bloodshed to capture him.

C. S. BELL,

CHALK BLUFF, Saint Francis River, May 11, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, commanding North Sub-District of Arkansas, has this day surrendered to Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, through myself, all the forces under his command. General Thompson wishes to communicate this fact to Major General James F. Fagan, Southwest Arkansas, and to send as the bearer of this message Lieutenant Charles T. Perrie, aide-de-camp. I have the honor, therefore, to request that you allow Lieutenant Perrie to pass through your lines, under such restrictions as you may think best.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Prov. March General, Dept. of the Missouri.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVELL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

May 11, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUARD ON BOARD STEAMER IZETTA:

SIR: You are directed to proceed to Little Red River and destroy or bring away all the flat-boats found within twenty miles of its mouth, either on Little Red or White Rivers. Reliable information makes if pretty certain that a number of boats are secreted in the bayous and swamps in that vicinity for the purpose of crossing the forces of Jeff. Thompson, below the mouth of Little Red, and to defeat this arrangement you are required to use your best endeavors. The captain of the

