
boat has orders to observe your wish, but his familiarity with the river will make his counsel valuable, and you are advised to avail yourself of it. You will report back within two days.

By order of Brigadier General A. Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

May 11, 1865.

Captain W. J. HAUGHAWOUT,

Commanding Detachment Ninth Kansas Cavalry:

SIR: You will march under the guidance of Mr. P. S. Smith, citizen, to the horse of Mr. McFall, on Little Lagrue Bayou, and after consulting with him make such dispositions of your men as will promise the most success in capturing Maybery and his party, who are believed to be in that neighborhood. Be careful to avoid acts of depredation on the part of your men, and report back as soon as the search or capture is completed.

By order of Brigadier General A. Shaler:

CHAS E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, May 11, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

Rumor has reached these headquarters that you have made important captures of rebel irregulars. Will you give us the facts?

Respectfully,

JOHN LEVERING.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Husband, Lieutenant Stewart, and twenty-four men surrendered to Major Davis this morning as prisoners of war. Captain Husband and ten of his men are very anxious to be paroled here and allowed to return to their homes in Southwestern Texas, retaining their horses to trave upon and their side-arms for self-protection. The rest of his men will turn over their arms, take the oath, and return to their homes in this State and Missouri. As Captain Husband and his company have always carried on an honorable mode of warfare, I respectfully recommend that his request be granted and that the necessary arrangements be perfected here. Vaugine and Maybery have not yet surrendered, but Major Davis assures me that they will. He (Davis) is still on the north side of the river with 170 men. I will send two companies of infantry to-night down the river by steamer to co-operate with him. Have sent notice to Vaugine's and Maybery's commands that unless they surrender by the 15th instant they will be treated as outlaws.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

