
taken as prisoners of war. If we have to take it by storm we will burn the town and kill the soldiers. We have the force, and are determined to have it.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. CLEMENT.

OPERATOR.

LEXINGTON, MO., May 11, 1865.

Captain LAURANT:

Colonel Harding and Major Davis both left here for Warrensburg this morning. I have just received the following message, and from a guerrilla chief now about six miles from here. Their force I cannot ascertain:

Major DAVIS:

SIR: This is to notify you that I will give you until Friday morning, 10 a. m., May 12, 1865, to surrender the town of Lexington. If you surrender we will treat you and all taken as prisoners of war. If we have to take it by storm we will burn the town and kill the soldiers. We have the force, and are determined to have it.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

A. CLEMENT.

The available force at this post amounts to 180 men. Shall I call out two companies of Colonel McGinnis' militia?

HENRY R. MILLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, May 11, 1865.

D. R. GARRISON,

Pleasant Hill:

About 600 infantry arrived last night and were sent to Holden and Kingsville, one company to guard construction train, two at Croppard's Fork of Big. Creek and the commander instructed to guard the road toward Pleasant Hill.

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, May 11, 1865-4. 40 p. m.

Colonel J. H. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Some 300 guerrillas in this county, and I am inclined to think they are furnished with ammunition from this place. Can I suspend the sale of powder, &amp;c., for a few days?

C. E. ROGERS,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

MACON, May 11, 1865-12. 40 p. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Jim Porter, with twenty-two guerrillas, stole twenty horses on Monday night near Palmyra. They killed a man named Shaw, a lately discharged soldier at Warren, nine miles east of Hunnewell, on Tuesday. Yesterday morning they left camp near Florida, Monroe County, moving on the road toward Mexico.

W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

