
troops at the most convenient point for paroling them, and the work of paroling to be completed by commissioners. The point of rendezvous in East Louisiana has not yet been designated, but if there is any danger that they will disband themselves before being paroled the commanding officer at Clinton to act as commissioner on my part [is] to act at once. General Taylor will be telegraphed to that effect.

Very respectfully,

ED. R. S. BANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRASHEAR CITY, May 12, 1865.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent a man down the railroad tack to-day and will direct what to do with the ammunition car when he returns to-night. Colonel Fiske telegraphs to me that a detachment of the Sixteenth Indiana from his command drove Brown's party of guerrillas in the swamp, capturing 10 prisoners and 10 horses equipped.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

BATON ROUGE, May 12, 1865.

(Received 9. 30 a. m.)

Major General N. P. BANKS:

GENERAL: Colonel Dickey, commanding at Bayou Sara, telegraphs the inhabitants report that Jeff. Davis crossed the river early in the week, stopping at Centerville last Sunday night. General Hood at Liberty same day and crossed the river in company with Colonels Cunningham and Graham on Tuesday at Tunica Band. This is gathered from the inhabitants and seems to be the general impression throughout the country. I leave for Bayou Sara and mouth of Red River this a. m.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 12, 1865.

Major-General HERRON:

It is directed by Major-General Canby that no cotton be passed from Clinton until the title of the property owned by the rebel Government can be traced. Complete lists of this property have been turned over to the Government of the United States and will be forwarded as soon as possible so that the property of the people can be separated from that of the rebel Government, the object being not to interfere with that owned by private parties, but to obtain possession of all that transferred upon the late surrender to the Government of the United States. As soon as this is completed private parties will be allowed to transport their property to market.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

