HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES AT PINE BLUFF,Pine Bluff, Ark., May 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I send Captain Husband and his men under charge of Lieutenant Ferris, aide-de-camp. My telegram of last night in relation to a certain portion of his men retaining their horses and side-arms was not sufficiently explicit. The surrender of Captain Husband and his men cannot as yet be considered as perfected. Captain H, communicated with Major Davis on the opposite side of the river, and proposed to surrender upon the terms of himself and men being allowed to retain their horses, and side-arms. Major Davis could not, of course, accept such terms, but agreed to bring them to this post, with the understanding that if terms could not be agreed upon the Captain H, and his men should be returned to the place of conference and dismissed. Captain H, has not consented to surrender unless the men who live in Texas can be permitted to retain their horses and side-arms. I have had them leave their horses and arms here subject to what may be agreed upon at department headquarters. I desire to state, however, that unless some agreement can be made I do not see how we can in honor hold Captain Husband and the men referred to. Major Davis, in my opinion, has not acted as discreetly and efficiently in the whole affair upon the opposite side of the river as I would have desired and expected. Lieutenant Ferris will explain the whole matter, if desired, more fully than I am able to do upon paper.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

The request of Captain Husband can be granted only in part. The commanding officers may retain their horses and side-arms. The whole party must come to Little Rock and be paroled. Transportation will be furnished them as near their homes as possible. Your massage to Vaugine and Maybery is unauthorized. Hunt them down, of course, but don't trouble yourself about the question of outlawry.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 12, 1865.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY,

Fort Smith:

Your dispatch received. The major-general commanding fully appreciates your efforts in the management of refugees and people of your district and is ready to concede your judgment as the best. Your answers possess the merit of candor as well as plainness; are fully understood and approved.

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

