
of the counties in it to a greater extent than heretofore, the aspect of affairs is brightening. The enemy are tolerably well hemmed in and cannot cross the river in large numbers; some crossed below Booneville near Rocheport and some near Providence. I understand that no effective force is at either place. Captain Putnam, of the Fiftieth Wisconsin, found nine guerrillas on an island near Rocheport. Our troops on landing at Sibley were fired upon by eight. These two points and Providence are the worst on the river, because the country on the north bank is best adapted for the operation of bushwhackers. I went to Lexington on the 9th instant to see whether the troops at the river stations were doing their duty in scouting. I intended to visit the different points, but found that I could not spare the time. I received satisfactory reports of their efficiency in the Fourth Sub-District from Waverly to Kansas City, but I have not yet had full reports from the points between Jefferson City and Waverly. Returning from Lexington yesterday, I had a train of twelve wagons. I took with me nearly all the cavalry I could gather together and started as if for Warrensburg and as if under the apprehension that the whole force would be required. On arriving at Davis' Creek, about seventeen miles down the road, I sent Major Davis with Company A, Third Missouri State Militia, and detachment of Third Wisconsin and Lafayette County (Numbers 3) Militia to the left down the creek to get into the rear of Porter's gang. I have not heard from the major, in fact I do not expect him to return to Lexington until he has scouted thoroughly from Waverly up. I think, however, he must have come upon Porter, as advices by telegraph to-day inform me that he has offered to surrender with 100 men to the commanding officer at Lexington. I have directed the offer to be accepted, on the conditions prescribed in my instructions from the major-general commanding, and I believe that his example will be largely followed by other bands. Three of Price's men came into Sedalia and gave themselves up this afternoon; others will be anxious to do the same thing. The detachment of Fifty-first and Fifty-second Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers have been so posted as to afford protection to the mail and railroad line between this point and Pleasant Hill, so far as infantry can give it in a prairie country. I shall use some of the Fourteenth Illinois [Missouri?] Cavalry on the flank of the line when Colonel Gravely arrives with his command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

LEXINGTON, MO., May 12, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

One hundred Confederate soldiers now in the brush want to surrender to me and give up their arms and become citizens. Before they surrender I must assure them that they will be treated as citizens and not punish them. Please answer immediately.

C. E. ROGERS,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 12, 1865.

Captain C. E. ROGERS,

Lexington:

Accept the surrender. They will be treated as citizens. For their own protection, however, they should be kept together a few days until

