
the terms are made known through the country. Each man must take the oath and sign it in duplicate. One copy he will keep; will be his safeguard as long as he honestly observes it. The other copy must be sent to the provost-marshal-general.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, May 12, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

There is no news from the country. I expect a scout from Captain Le Clair's company across from Greenton to the Columbus road and scour the country to this place. There can he no dependence placed on any militia organization here while the present state of affairs exists. The colored company are the only men that are effective. The citizens are ready to come out under any call from you or any of us officers. I have got force enough to hold the place against 300 bushwhackers.

H. R. MILLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 12, 1865.

Lieutenant H. R. MILLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington:

If you have an offer of surrender, accept it on these terms: All public property to be given up. Officers and men to take the oath of allegiance; one copy to be forwarded to the provost-marshal-general, one to be retained by the person taking it. He will be safe from military interference so long as he observes it in good faith. The officers and men may return to their homes, but ought to be kept together for a few days to make arrangements complete.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 12, 1865.

Captain CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A squad of men from Hannibal, sent for by the sheriff of Palmyra, forced Mr. B. C. Davis, of Palmyra, to feed them in violation of my orders and without giving any receipt. Arrest the parties, made a thorough investigation, and punish them. There is no excuse for such actions. They also forced Joseph Thompson to feed six men. Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

MACON, May 12, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

The commanding officer at Glasgow reports that three bushwhackers demanded the right to surrender to the commanding officer of the post at Lexington yesterday. The surrender of the post, according to his statement, was not demanded. I have dispatched couriers to forces in all the river counties from Chariton west to place them on their guard.

W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

