
order will not include any soldiers who may have proper claims for pensions. This class will be discharged on the usual surgeon's certificate of disability. The descriptive lists of all men discharged under this order will be turned over to the mustering officer, by whom (after the data therefrom has been entered on the muster-out roll) they will be forwarded, with a copy of the muster-out roll, for the Adjutant-General of the Army. In all cases of muster out as herein ordered a copy of the roll will be forwarded to the commanding officer of the regiment and to the chief mustering officer and adjutant-general of the State to which the command belongs.

By order of Major General E. R. B. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 126. New Orleans, May 13, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Pursuant to orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi the Seventh Kentucky Volunteers, now at Baton Rouge, La., will proceed without delay to Brookhaven, Miss., for the purpose, in connection with other troops, of taking charge of Government property at that place. The commanding officer will report by letter to the commanding general Department of Mississippi. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, May 13, 1865.

Major-General HERRON:

If there is probability of the officers and men of the Confederate Army in your vicinity going to their homes without parole you will take their parole at your post. No restriction upon trade or intercourse will be removed until the officers and men of the rebel army or paroled. Thanks for your dispatches in relation to Kirby Smith. We have received information here from the wife of one of Davis' officers, who has just returned from North Carolina, that she was instructed by her husband to meet them in Texas, which confirms the statement of Colonel Dickey.

By order of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 13, 1865.

Major-General HERRON:

Officers and soldiers coming into our lines from the surrendered army of Dick Taylor cannot take the amnesty oath until they are exchanged.

