
They have no privilege whatever except to remain at their homes, observing the laws and regulations of the locality where they are. Civilians who have been outside of our lines during the rebellion cannot return to their homes without the consent of the military authorities where they wish to return. Civil officers and civilians do not share in any respect the privileges conferred upon officers and soldiers of the rebel army who have surrendered. Whether you will allow civilians to return is within your discretion. If they do return they will be subject to such conditions as you impose. They ought not to return unless you are perfectly satisfied that they intend to support the Union and its policy in good faith. The oath may be administered at your post if you desire, where parties are entitled to take it.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. S. CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BAYOU SARA, May 13, 1865.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Numbers of Confederate soldiers belonging to commands surrendered by General Taylor and who have no means of reaching Jackson, Miss., where they are ordered to report, are coming into our lines at this post and delivering up their arms, &amp;c. Shall they be paroled here? Please answer at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. DICKEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Direct Dickey to receive their arms, &c., and take care of the soldiers until we send him the form of parole or further instructions.

H[ERRON].
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 115. Vicksburg, Miss., May 13, 1865.

* * * * *

V. The Fifty-eighth Ohio Infantry and the Seventh Ohio Battery (equipped as infantry) will at once provide themselves with twenty days' supplies and sixty rounds of ammunition per man, forty of which will be carried in the boxes, and will with the least possible delay be in readiness to march to Jackson. The commanding officers will report at what time they will be ready to start.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

A. C. FISK,Assistant Adjutant-General.

