
what appeared to be signal rockets were sent up, three in the direction of Maurepas and two in that of Pontchartrain, and plainly seen by myself and several others at this post at about 2 o'clock this morning.

JOHN TRACEY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

BONNET CARRE, April 7, 1865.

(Received 7. 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

Commanding officer at Pass Manchac telegraphs to expect Lucks with thirty men to-night. Will look out for him. Nothing new except a few shots in direction of Pass Manchac early this morning. Have not yet discovered cause.

J. TRACEY, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MORGANZA, Morganza, La., April 7, 1865.

Brigadier General CYRUS HAMLIN,Commanding District of Port Hudson, Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: I am advised by the major-general commanding the Northern Division of Louisiana that the Fifty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry and some cavalry from your command are to be held subject to my call. The high water here and danger of a crevasse may cause a delay on my part of three or four days. I will therefore communicate upon the subject again to advise you more definitely and send transportation from this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 33. New Orleans, La., April 7, 1865.

The resignation of Lieutenant Colonel George B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general, has been accepted by the War Department, to take effect march 23, 1865, on account of health impaired in the public service. In parting with Lieutenant-Colonel Drake the commanding general acknowledges his obligations for his uniformly correct conduct and thorough performance of duty. Captain J. C. Stone, assistant adjutant-general, will take charge of the adjutant-general's office until assignment shall be made by the permanent commander of the Department of the Gulf, or until the action of the Adjutant-General of the Army upon the recommendations of Captain Stone for the appointment to that position is made known.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

