
militia law of the State enables the citizens to enroll and receive arms, pay, &amp;c., from it. Troops organized as volunteer militia cavalry under the Governor's orders, Numbers 3, 1865, can be supplied with ordnance, quartermaster's and commissary supplies by the United States. You are authorized to accept the surrender of such rebels as voluntarily give themselves up, upon the terms prescribed by Major-General Dodge, viz: The person to take the oath of allegiance under the amnesty proclamation, to be subscribed in duplicate, one copy to be forwarded to the provost-marshal-general at Saint Louis, and the other to be retained by the subscriber of it. He will retain it as a safeguard against military interference with him, so long as he faithfully observes it. You will aid the civil authorities in every way in your power. You can draw supplies from Kansas City or Warrensburg, whichever may be most convenient. You will use the telegraph as occasion may require and will advise me at the earliest moment of any important occurrence. Take particular pains to have your consolidated tri-monthlies at these headquarters on the 10th, 20th, and last days of the month, with a report of affairs in your sub-district during the preceding ten days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 13, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM L. FENEX,

Commanding at Forsyth, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The following dispatch has just been received. * You will have no further conference or make any further suggestions to any of the rebel forces in your front in regard to surrender. All who desire to come in and take the oath of amnesty will be allowed to do so. There should be no further hostilities except between your forces and outlaws and criminals.

Communicate the fact of the surrender to all rebel officers having commands in your immediate front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May.

P. S. _The amnesty oath must be taken before a provost-marshal or a commander of a post. I find that there are no blanks to spare; the general, therefore, directs that you forward all persons who desire to take the oath to this post. None but deserters below the rank of colonel can take it.

Very respectfully,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Dodge to Reynolds et al., p. 417.

---------------

