HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 13, 1865.

Brigadier General P. EDWARD CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Denver, Colo. Ter.:

GENERAL: I herewith inclose a Santa Fe Gazette of this date, in which you will see some correspondence with reference to a rumored raid into this country by bushwhackers and ruffians of the Quantrill and Anderson stamp. I do not believe these villains will come, but if they do, and in considerable numbers, and especially if they advance up the Pecos or Red River toward our depot at Fort Union, I may want some help from you, as the most of our available force is necessarily guarding trains upon the plains. I know I need ut call upon you to obtain every man you can raise or put in the field for the utter extermination of these incarnate devils.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DUBUQUE, IOWA, May 13, 1865.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

The commanding officer at Fort Rice informs me April 18 that a party of Cheyennes attacked his outpost, and that runners have come in to inform him that 3,000 lodges are coming to Fort Rice to see me and hear what their father, the President, has to say to them. In case it is necessary when I arrive at Fort Pierre shall I go north instead of going west to Powder River?

SULLY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, Iowa, May 13, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have received several very important communications from the commanding officer at Fort Rice, which I herewith transcribe for your information: On the 3rd of April he writes that the mail communication down the river has been very much interrupted by bands of hostile Indians. A band of Santees (Minnesota Indians) and some others attacked the mail carriers, and the horses and mails were taken, but recovered and returned by friendly Indians. On the 30th of March a war party of twenty passed in sight of the fort on the opposite side of the river. He sent ten mounted men after them. They scattered. Two of them fled to Two Bear's (Yanktonnais) camp, and were by this chief delivered to the soldiers. They proved to be Santees from the Upper James; said they came down to hear the news. They were armed with English guns. On the 18th he writes that a party of about 200 mounted [Indians], composed of Santees and others, headed by the Yanktonnais chief (The Man who Striker the Rees), descended the hills in rear of the fort; attacked the herding party guarding public and private animals, consisting of soldiers of the garrison and citizens hired by Mr. Galpin, the sutler, and some men of Captain Fisk's party. Galpin's and Fisk's men ran away; the soldiers stood their ground. Two of their number were killed. The soldiers lost none of their stock, but Galpin's and Fisk's party lost 13 horses, 19 mules, 35 cows, and 1

