
to the rights of citizenship except upon satisfactory assurances that they intend hereafter to support the Government of the United States and its policy.

3. In order to facilitate the return of officers and soldiers to their homes, the troops of the surrendered Confederate armies in the Division of Northern Louisiana will be paroled either at Clinton or Baton Rouge, La., as is most convenient. Officers will be designated who will attend to this. An individual parole will be made out for officers and duplicate rolls for the enlisted men. The terms of surrender relative to private property of officers will be strictly adhered to, but all public property must be surrendered to the proper officers. The cotton belonging to the Confederate Government, as well as all other public property having been surrendered to the United States, its sale or transfer is prohibited except to authorized agents of the United States. Such property will be reported and delivered up, and persons detected in the violation of this order will be treated as guilty of embezzlement. It is the duty of all to whom the terms of surrender apply to report promptly at the designated points for the purpose of being paroled. A failure to do so will subject the offenders to arrest and punishment. In future any armed bands found prowling through the country for the purpose of plunder and robbery will be held to be outlaws and guerrillas, and will be dealt with in the most summary manner. They are entitled to no mercy, and need expect none.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT ADAMS, MISS., May 14, 1865.

Captain B. F. MOREY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Natchez:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I connected at Pickneyville last night with Colonel Fonda's pickets from Bayou Sara. Pickneyville is twelve miles from here, and as his brigade is engaged on his picket duty solely, I would in the most respectful manner suggest that they extend their pickets to the lines of Buffalo Creek, relieving me from duty here. I make these suggestions for this reason: Ellis' Cliffs, below Natchez, and a point in Dead Man's Bend, just below Glasscock's Island, are both good crossing, and, with the exception of the gun-boat patrol, must be entirely unguarded. On the night of the 12th we destroyed a large yawl in Tunica Bend that seems to have been much and recently used. Yesterday, the 13th, we found and destroyed a large dug-out and yawl used just below here in crossing, but have not seen for two days any but paroled soldiers of Lee's army. All of General Taylor's men are leaving the country, and ten men can go from here to Liberty unmolested. Great interest is manifested to learn what arrangements ought to be made with the freedmen. I have instructed the planters to go with their work, and the Government would indicate its pleasure at the proper time. If any instructions can be given me they will unanimously comply the moment they are informed of the conditions required. I will require fifteen days' rations for crew of John Raine, ten days' rations for detachment of cavalry, ten days' forage for horses, 1,500 bushels of coal for John Raine.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

