
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,May 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Herron, commanding Northern Division of Louisiana, with request that the necessary orders may be given. I shall order General Osband to move at once. The points named by him have no covering whatever, and I have but the one regiment of cavalry mounted.

Very respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP TEMPEST,

Mound City, May 14, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I arrived to-day and find that Commander Bryson has, in my absence, already ordered two gun-boats from the Tennessee to duty in the Missouri, agreeably to your request of the 9th instant. I am now acting under instructions from the Navy Department to make every effort to capture Jeff. Davis, his cabinet, and plunder, and have detailed the vessels of this squadron on the Mississippi with instructions for this purpose. I have just received further instructions from the Department, giving preparatory orders for the reduction of this squadron to twenty-five vessels. You will se the difficulties of the situation as bearing upon your request. I will, however, do all in my power to co-operate with you under the circumstances. Two gun-boats on the Missouri would be of service in rendering convoy for transports with troops and in protecting trading boats from depredation at points where the gun-boats might happen to be. I respectfully recommend that rafts, flats, &amp;c., be seized, if necessary, for military purposes. I should doubt my authority to order the destruction of such property in a State not in instruction, and even if they were destroyed or seized it is very easy to construct (with a few planks taken from houses, scores of skiffs, and with rails and small dry logs) small rafts, by means of which parties can cross. This is a practice with which the rebels are very familiar.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 14, 1865.

Captain W. L. ANDERSON,

Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Fagan,

in charge of Flag of Truce:

CAPTAIN: By the bearer of this you will receive a letter from Major-General Reynolds to Major-General Fagan, which you will please deliver. Orders have been given to provide for you at your present station four days' rations for both men and animals. The teams permitted to enter the city to deliver the effects of Mr. E. W. Woodruff, Jr.,

