
and others, whom you escorted, will be returned at their first convenience. On their return you will please consider your errand accomplished, and you are dismissed.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, May 14, 1865.

Major General J. F. FAGAN:

Yours of the 8th instant is received, in which you state that "much of the country between this point (Washington, Ark.) and Little Rock being dangerous, on account of presence of bands of independent troops," I infer that you disclaim all connection with the bands of troops between the White and Arkansas Rivers. Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson having surrendered all the troops under his command north of the Arkansas Rive, to take place May 29 at Wittsburg and June 5 at Jacksonport, the people in that portion of the State will have ample time and opportunity to supply themselves with provisions. You will therefore please consider that portion of my letter of April 24, referring to this matter, as rescinded.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General P. CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff, Ark.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to state that the terms promised to Captain S. Husband by Major Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, and upon which the so-called Confederate force under Captain Husband is surrendered, will be recognized and granted, notwithstanding their irregularity. All property surrendered by this command, viz, horses, equipments, and arms, will be taken up by the proper staff officers at your post and properly accounted for. The paroles of officers and men have been executed by the provost-marshal-general of the department, and they are returned to you to be sent to their respective homes or passed through your lines and permitted to go. If any reside upon the lines of military communication, you are authorized to furnish transportation by order upon quartermaster's department.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 14, 1865.

Brigadier General W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Twelve commissioned officers and 757 enlisted men make the total of paroled prisoners saved from the steamer Sultana.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

