
of commencing hostilities, and of joining for that purpose the hostile Sioux. They were to move their families across the line the British Possessions, where the women and children would be safe and the warriors would be supplied with arms and ammunition. There are three bands already on the way from Otter Tail Lake, going upward for this purpose. Those favoring the war were determined to kill all other Indians who would oppose and not join them. He (Sod) moved his family down and is now camping near this station.

On receipt of this information I dispatched J. Gervais, U. S. scout, for further inquiry, to an Indian camp in this neighborhood, consisting of about five lodges. Gervais had a conversation with a Indian and some half-breeds there, who confirmed the above statement, and said the Chippewas on the Saint Croix River were going to leave for the upper country. A half-breed named Henry La Prairie, living at this place and being by marriage connected with and a relative of several Chippewas, says that some of them informed him of Hole-in-the-Day having been present at the council at Mille Lacs, and that that chief had been in favor of war, threatening to have the friendly Indians killed. Without deeming it proper to make any suggestions in regard to the veracity of these statements, I consider it my duty to merely report them as they were communicated to me for the information at your headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. S. GARDNER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding the Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FROM POST DAKOTA,Omaha Agency, May 14, 1865.

(Ordered to report to Colonel Furnas, U. S. Indian Agent.)

Lieutenant F. A. McDONALD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, East Sub-District of the Plains:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have succeeded in making the arrest of the fugitive Winnebago Indians. Two of the Indians Colonel Furnas has released. The other three he has turned over to me to be held for trial by the military authorities or such other disposition as is proper to make. The Indians had procured whisky from some parties in Sioux City, and were drunk at the time of the shooting. I shall endeavor to discover and bring to justice the parties who sold the whisky. I came down on the Indian village so suddenly and with such force that the Indians gave themselves up without resistance.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

Z. JACKSON,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WADSWORTH, DAK. TER.,May 14, 1865.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Ten more lodges of Sissetons have come in and surrendered. They bring the following reports: A short time since a picket post near Fort Rice was attacked and six soldiers killed and their horses captured. Two Indians were killed. They appear to be unfortunate at that post. Wa-ua-ta has been strongly advocating peace and a surrender to the military authorities. Those disposed to be hostile held a council and determined to take his property away from him and

