
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 57. New Orleans, May 15, 1865.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 45, dated headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, New Orleans, La., May 6, 1865, all commercial or other intercourse within the country west of the Mississippi River beyond the limits of actual military occupation is forbidden, and all licenses or permits by which such intercourse has been authorized are suspended until further orders; any attempt to bring in products or take out supplies will work the forfeiture of the property and the means of transportation employed. Military commanders are directed, and naval commanders are requested, to see that no communication, except such as is purely military in its character, be allowed with any part of West Louisiana or Texas that is beyond the lines of occupation. The commanding officers of the Northern and Southern Divisions of Louisiana will see that the requirements of this order are carefully and strictly enforced.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT JACKSON, May 15, 1865.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The steamer Continental just arrived from Key West. The captain of her reports that the steamer Columbia was dispatched from Havana by the American consul with news that the rebel ram Stonewall sailed from Havana to the westward on Thursday last.

E. P. LORING,

Major, Commanding.

QUARANTINE, May 15, 1865.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

I am ready for the Stonewall. I respectfully suggest that a telegraphic instrument be sent to Fort Jackson. I have to go five miles with my dispatches. I reported four days ago that the instrument was destroyed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. LORING,

Major, Commanding.

DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,

Brashear City, May 15, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The water rose but little last night, and if it is falling as reported at Vicksburg we will have no difficulty in holding on here at present. The inhabitants say that when the water covered this point in 1828 there was a small spot on the other side of the bay out of water. I will go

