
supervision and control. If you should deem that the portion of the road between Vicksburg and Big Black, now worked by us, should be in this transfer, you will direct that all stock, whether held by the United States by the title of capture or subsequently placed on the road, be receipted for by the company, taken at its actual valuation, to be charged against any service that may hereafter be rendered by the company in the transportation of the U. S. troops or supplies. The company has also applied for assistance in the reconstruction of the road between Big Black and Jackson, but this cannot be granted without the authority of the War Department, to which the application will be submitted. There will be no objections, however, to furnishing subsistence to the employees of the company, if the state of the supplies will permit it, charging them to the company at cost price, transportation included.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ,Natchez, Miss., May 15, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. OSBAND,

Commanding Post of Fort Adams, Fort Adams, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of dates the 12th and 14th instant, and to say that Major-General Herron has been requested to extend his line of pickets to Buffalo Creek, as suggested in your communication of the 14th instant. Captain Jessup, of your staff, has been sent by a special boat to Baton Rouge, bearing this communication to Major-General Herron, and will advise you of his action upon his return. Should Major-General Herron extend his lines, as desired, the commanding general desires that you should cover the unguarded crossing of the river indicated in your communication of the 14th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. MOREY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 15, 1865-10 a. m.

Captain J. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I shall leave for Saint Louis this evening. If there is anything of importance telegraph me to the Burnet House here at any time before 6 p. m.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

[MAY 15, 1865. -For Dodge to Reynolds, relating to surrender of the Confederate forces under General M. Jeff. Thompson, see Part I, p. 228.]

29 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II.

