
agreed to surrender his forces to Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, and receive the parole of his men at Wittsburg, on the Saint Francis River, on the 29th instant, and at Jacksonport, on the White River, on the 5th proximo. If General Thompson is your commander it is plainly your duty to join him at one of those places with your men, deliver their arms, and sign he parole, after which your men can remain at home unmolested by Federal troops so long as the parole is not violated. If you do not acknowledge the authority of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, and desire to surrender your command in person, an application to do so should be sent in without delay. After the parole of Thomspon's command is effected, all persons found in arms without authority from the Federal Government will be treated as outlaws. No assurances of safety can be given to men who for four years have resisted the Federal authorities until they lay down their arms. That you can do at any moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 15, 1865.

Lieutenant W. J. BUCHANAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have not received orders relieving me from command here, but from the tenor of your dispatch I suppose such orders are on the way. In that event I desire to take with me my present adjutant and my aides, First. Lieutenant W. P. Ferris, Sixty-second Illinois Infantry, and First Lieutenant Keyes Danforth, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. Lieutenant Ferris is acting inspector-general Lieutenant Danforth acting ordnance officer, by special orders from headquarters Department of Arkansas, dated January 25 and February 13, 1865. I respectfully request that they be relieved by orders from the same authority.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 15, 1865.

Captain S. M. CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Pursuant to orders, on the night of the 11th I returned to the north side of the river with my cavalry, sending Captain Applegate with detachment of infantry per steamer below to General Williams' plantation to co-operate any parties crossing the river, and to scout the country from there up. At Lightfoot's place I detached Captain Norris with forty men to operate in the vicinity of Creed Taylor's and Swan Lake, while with the remainder of the cavalry I proceeded to Wabbaseca Bayou. As instructed, I succeeded, through a citizen, Mr. Vaughn, in getting a conference with Vaugine and Mayberry, but in no shape in which I could take any advantage of it, as they were very cautious and distrustful. I alone had to run all the risk. Both declare they and their men have fired their last shot at us; that they do not hinder men or prevent them in any way from coming into our lines and giving themselves up; further, that they advised

