
them to do so. But as to themselves individually, threats had been made against them which made it consistent for them to voluntarily surrender at this post, but that it was their intention to leave the country immediately. As to hunting them in the swamps and cane, that was useless, for they would either fight us nor give us a chance to fight them, which I found to be the case. Some fifteen of Vaugine's and Mayberry's men voluntarily came out of the woods and surrendered. They informed me that others would be in to-day. I have not heard of the success of Captain Norris or Captain Applegate. I learn, however, that Captain Applegate has returned to camp. I sent a dispatch to Captain Norris yesterday.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. DAVIS,

Major, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., May 15, 1865.

Captain S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report concerning the late scout: I parted company with Major Davis at the Roan plantation on Friday morning, the 12th instant, with orders to go down through the country back from the river as far as General Williams' and prevent, if possible, any Confederate troops or others from crossing the river; and also to extend the terms of Circular Numbers 5, headquarters U. S. Forces at Pine Bluff, of May 11, 1865, to all who wished to avail themselves of its advantages. Arrived at General Williams' on Friday night, and on Saturday morning sent two small scouting parties down the river, one on the river road and the other out in the country down as far as the mouth of Little Bayou Meto. During the day moved the command up as far as Lewis' plantation, keeping a close watch on the river above and below. Sunday I moved the whole command up as far as Colonel East's plantation, scouring the country thoroughly on my way. Left Colonel East's this morning, and arrived at camp at 2 o'clock to-day. Seventeen men who claimed to belong to the Confederate Army came forward at different times and surrendered themselves, desiring to take the amnesty oath. Following the precedent established by Major Davis, I allowed these men to remain in the neighborhood until I would be going up myself, but some of them being at a great distance from home, and desiring to go in immediately, I allowed them the privilege when it best suited their convenience. Seven came in with me and the other ten came up on Saturday and Sunday, and I learn there are more to come in yet. I met seven of them yesterday who had been up as per contract, and they told me that the others were also gone, or would go up to-day. There are but few armed rebels in there now, and I am sure they will make no further resistance. I would have no fear in going down through that country now, even unarmed, unless I should happen on some unauthorized band, and if there are any such in there I am not aware of it, and I made diligent inquiry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

