HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 15, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I consider it absolutely necessary that more cavalry be sent me. General Ford, at Fort Larned, reports the Indians threatening his entire route, so much so that he has had to detach one-half of his command that he stationed in the field to guard the heavy trains going to New Mexico. General Connor also reports the Indians threatening the upper route from South Pass to Kearny. The ponies bought for him are worthless, and we will have to ship him some 800 horses, and he thinks he may need another regiment of cavalry. The order of the War Department received to-day will muster out about 2,000 cavalry in this department, including several hundred on the plains. I should like to send about three more regiments onto the plains and replace those being mustered out in this State, say three regiments; that will make six regiments all told.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 15, 1865-12. 30 p. m.

General DODGE:

SIR: Nine hundred men of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, 1,000 animals, all that cannot be sent by the boats sent here from Saint Louis, I will send by the first boats passing up. Two boats will leave this p. m. with 450 men and horses. I will come to Saint Louis to-morrow.

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. J. GRAVELY,

Commanding Fourteenth Missouri Cavalry:

SIR: The colonel commanding directs that you have your men in readiness to leave to-morrow morning for Pleasant Hill. You will remain here with regimental headquarters until further orders, keeping a few men with you, also all those whose horses are not shod or require shoeing. The detachment will take ten days' rations. You will inform Captain Shaw, assistant quartermaster, of the number of teams required, and the same will be furnished by him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 15, 1865.

Captain SUTTER,

Second Missouri Light Artillery, Inspector of Ordnance:

CAPTAIN: It is now my opinion that all artillery, both heavy and light, and all artillery ammunition, can be removed from the post and district during the next forty days without any undue exposure of this post or

