HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 15, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your information copy of a dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanding Third Sub-District, dated Fort Abercrombie, 6th instant, from which it appears that some of the upper bands of Chippewas are in direct communication with the hostile Sioux at Devil's Lake, and there is due reason to apprehend a concert of action between them in a general war upon the whites. The Mississippi Chippewas are also dissatisfied with the removal of their former agent and continue to manifest uneasiness and discontent. I have reliable intelligence that a great meeting of the Sioux bands, including all the divisions of the Missouri Indians, is to take place on the Muse River beyond Devil's Lake and near the British line, as soon as the gras is sufficiently grown to permit of a general movement to that point. It is understood that the meeting is of a hostile character and the co-operation of the Assiniboines and other tribes is anticipated. At the risk of being considered somewhat of an alarmist I am frank to express my conviction that the Indian difficulties in this part of the country will continue to increase in their proportions had the honor to express to you verbally during your visit here, I have now barely a sufficient force at my disposal to maintain the defensive lines necessary for the protection of the frontier, and even with all I can effect in that direction there is a general clamor and complaint on the part of the settlers that they are insufficiently guarded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., May 16, 1865. (Received 3 p. m. 22nd.)

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The Thirteenth Corps in now concentrated at Mobile. Two divisions (13,000 strong) and 4,000 colored infantry are held in readiness for the movement against Galveston. The headquarters of Carr's division, Sixteenth Corps, is at Montgomery furnishing the garrisons east and north of that place. Garrard's division is at Selma. McArthur at Meridian, garrisoning Gainesville, Columbus, Macon, and Jackson, Miss. Grierson's cavalry is at Montgomery, Opelika, Talladega, Union Springs, and Eufaula, connecting with Wilson's cavalry. West's cavalry (2,400) is on the march Mobile to Baton Rouge, and will be in season to co-operate with infantry from Arkansas. They cannot go to Texas by water on account of the want of transportation. Brashear City, which on account of the scarcity of water transportation I intended to use as a sub-depot for the Texas expedition, is under water and cannot be used. I have not yet a sufficiency of sea-going transports, but am advised to-day by the Quartermaster-General that he has ordered six to report to me. This will probably make up the deficiency.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

