
body must "break the ice" on your side, as I have on mine; somebody must summon the moral courage to give his voice and the weight of his position and influence in favor of negotiations as a preliminary to settlement. That is all I ask the colonel to openly commit himself to, and surely that cannot have the effect to injure him in public estimating. The speculators who are making money out of precious Texan blood may decry him, but the people will not; neither will the soldiery who carry that blood living in their hearts. I offer him an opportunity to become the benefactor of these suffering classes. Say to him, if you lease, that I have sent to New Orleans for General Davis, also a noble Texan; that I have set my heart on seeing them go hand in hand to General Kirby Smith, each representing his side in this unnatural struggle, both representing their State; that I feel sure they will succeed, in which case the honor of the settlement, as well as the settlement itself, will be theirs. Finally, it will be obvious to both of you that if he goes with me an interview will certainly be granted by Walker and Smith. If the colonel consents to my suggestion it will be better to let me know it immediately; then I can send him notice of the time of my departure for Galveston, so that he can join me the evening before.

Remembering the spirit manifested in our conference at Point Isabel, I subscribe myself, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers U. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, March 19, 1865.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Middle Dept., Eighth Army Corps, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 17th instant I have the honor in the temporary absence of Brigadier-General Slaughter, to state that it will be impossible under present existing circumstances to comply with your request, without an order from the brigadier-general commanding. Your note and this answer will be forwarded by express to him immediately. You do not mistake when you suppose me willing to make any sacrifice short of honor to restore peace.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S. -I am very much obliged for the papers; send some in return.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, TEX., March 24, 1865.

[Colonel J. S. FORD:]

COLONEL: Following up my communication of 17th instant, it may not be improper to inform you that General Davis reached this post this morning, and that it is my desire to leave for Galveston to-morrow or the day after. I hope your express reached General Slaughter, and that you are now in condition to accompany me, as suggested. If not, may I ask when it is probable you can leave, if at all. May I also inquire if your authorities at Galveston have been notified that I would go to that city, as per our arrangement at Point Isabel. In case you cannot accompany us, such notice would greatly facilitate

