
of mankind if we should now basely yield all that we have been contending for during the last four years, namely, nationality and the rights of self-government. With the blessing of God, we will yet achieve these, and extort from your own Government all that we ask. Whenever you are willing to yield these, and to treat as equal with equal, and officer of your high rank and character, clothed with the proper authority from your Government, will not be reduced to the necessity of seeking an obscure corner of the Confederacy to inaugurate negotiations.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 7.]

STEAMER CLINTON,

Off Galveston, Tex., April 2, 1865.

Major General J. G. WALKER, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: It is probably unfortunate that I had no opportunity of reading your letter dated the 25th of March, and received yesterday, before forwarding mine of the 30th. When I submitted the propositions of which you speak os ill-naturedly, it was my understanding that they were to go to General E. Kirby Smith, commanding the department on your side. Permit me to hope you will yet forward them as originally intended by General Slaughter, Colonel Ford, and myself. It is impossible for me to believe that accident or policy has located all the sane men of your Confederacy in its obscure corners. If it were in my power I would not recall the stipulations proposed. Enough has been developed since I have been on your coast to satisfy me that the time is not far ahead when they will be accepted. Whatever General Smith's answer to my letter of the 30th may be, it can be forwarded to New Orleans. Hence there is no necessity for my waiting it here. I sincerely hope it will show a higher regard for the interests of the people of both sections and a keener appreciation of the military situation than yours manifests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 8.]

NEW ORLEANS, April 6, 1865.

[Brigadier-General SLAUGHTER and Colonel J. S. FORD:]

GENTLEMAN: You will have a natural anxiety to know the finale of the conference held as agreeably at Point Isabel. The fairest way to gratify you is to send copies of the communications interchanged between General Walker and myself, which you will accordingly find inclosed. * I regret this conclusion. Could we have succeeded the consequence would have been more honorable to us all than battles fought. The people of Texas, at least, would have been grateful to us. Speaking very frankly, General Walker's letter is both childish and discourteous. A reading will convince you both of its weakness. There is scarcely a sentence in it that does not lay him open to cruel retort. For instance, he speaks of ties that bind him to the Confederacy. Admit them to be ever so sacred, are they any more so than those which bound him to the old Confederation? He says, to accede

---------------

*See sub-inclosure Nos. 6 and 7, next, ante.

---------------

