
to our method of settlement would make your people infamous forever. I do not think so. But grant it, and look backward a moment. Did not your States go out of the old Union separately? What more do I propose now? By what logic can this going out to be any more infamous than the former? If he asserts that separate action on the part of a State is unlawful, what becomes of the doctrine of States rights? Was not that doctrine the argument which quieted your consciences in the old secession? He alludes to identity of social and political interests. Slavery as between the sections was the only separating social and political interest; you know that. Where is slavery now? We armed it over a year ago, and now you are doing the same thing. Apropos, once a soldier, never more a slave. He speaks of suffering endurance. What else did he expect? But the sufferings have been mutual. As arguments they are double-edged-as good for me as for him. I propose to end them. He proposes to continue them. Whose sense is best vindicated? Finally, my propositions were honorable, because they contemplate nothing degrading, unless life in the old Union, equal in everything, is degrading; if so, the "common ancestry," to which General Walker is pleased to allude, must have been more than ordinarily debased. They not only submitted to the old political connection, but were co-workers in their original fabrication and proud of them always. But enough. If Texas should be invaded you and I will not be responsible. Not ours the blood, the ruin, the horrors that will ensue. We have lived to realize an old truism. What calamities one foolish man can entail. So far as the discourtesies of General W. 's letter are concerned I have nothing to say. As honorable men it is yours to feel them, in to divide them with you.

Very truly, gentlemen, your personal friend,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers, U. S. Army.

[Fort sub-inclosure Numbers 9 (Wallace to Hurlbut) see April 6, p. 37.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., May 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that no information of importance from the enemy's line has reached this office to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK N. WICKER,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

(In the absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 16, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the New Orleans, Jackson and Great Northern Railroad, with its equipments, has been placed in possession of the company,

