
FORT PIKE, May 16, 1865.

(Received 9. 20 p. m.)

Lieutenant P. J. MALONEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The object of the march proposed is either to catch or intimidate a party of men who have been jayhawking Colonel Claiborne and others in this region. The general directed to me to make a march through a portion of the country above the fort, naming no specified route when I last saw him.

Respectfully,

A. G. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,Brashear City, La., May 16, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The water has risen but little more than two inches in the last twenty-four hours. We are rebuilding some parts of our levees, putting it on higher ground, and I think we can withstand a further rise of two feet. I do not think the water will rise to drive us out.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 16, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Clinton, La., will be the headquarters of the U. S. forces in that vicinity, and the troops will be posted as is deemed most advisable.

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 16, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

I desire to call your attention to three telegrams. The first from Major-General Dodge to me on the 12th; the second, my reply of the 13th, and the third General Dodge to me on the 15th. I hoped my telegram of the 13th to General Dodge would have called his attention to the discourtesy, to use no harsher term, of his assuming to conduct military affairs in my department. I opened responsible correspondence with Thompson on this matter by instructions from the War Department, but confined my action to my own department, and promptly forwarded to headquarters of the military division copies of the papers. I respectfully protest against this whole proceeding on the part of Major-General Dodge, and earnestly request that the officers to receive the paroles of Thompson's command be designated by the major-general

30 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

