
commanding the Military Division of the Missouri, and that their instructions emanate from him. Copies of the telegrams referred to are herewith forwarded. *

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, May 16, 1865.

Captain JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

For information of the major-general commanding division I have to report operations tending to reduce the strength of the enemy, viz: By orders from Lieutenant-General Grant the oath of allegiance was administered to 38 officers and 293 enlisted men, prisoners of war, and they were released on the 7th instant. Since that time one company of rebel cavalry, under Captain Husband, two commissioned officers and twenty-three men have been paroled and sent home. Brigadier-General Clayton, commanding at Pine Bluff, telegraphs this morning that the rebel Captain Maybery killed his coadjutor, Vaugine, on the 14th instant, in a personal encounter, since which time forty-eight of his men have come into this post and surrendered.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

RICHWOODS, May 16, 1865.

COMMANDER OF THE U. S. FORCES IN ARKANSAS:

SIR: Having recently returned to the country north of the Arkansas River, after an absence of eight months, and commanding a detached company belonging to the C. S. Army north of said river, and from the best information I can get believe we are whipped, and resistance no longer necessary, I desire to make terms fro the surrender of my company, and for that purpose will agree to meet any person sent by you in the vicinity of Richwoods on any day after Thursday, but would prefer a personal interview with the commanding general. At the crossing of the Bayou Meto, five miles south of Brownsville Station, would be as convenient as any other point for the meeting.

Very respectfully,

H. REYNOLDS,

Captain, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,May 16, 1865.

Colonel HANS MATTSON,

Commanding Third Minnesota Infantry Volunteers:

SIR: On arriving at Batesville, Independence County, Ark., you are requested to make known as soon as practicable to the people of that section of the State that the chief object of occupying the country is their protection against armed forces of whatever kind, to give encouragement to agricultural and other peaceful pursuits, and re-establish commercial relations. You will establish outposts on the principal

---------------

*See pp. 417, 430, 449.

---------------

