
roads leading to the town and require all persons going to and from to travel the roads designated. A liberal policy concerning trade will be exercised toward those living in the vicinity of Batesville, and to those living within your outposts it is not deemed necessary to impose any restrictions. Until the Treasury Department sends an agent or instructions, you will control and regulate the business at the post, conforming as near as may be with the printed regulations now in force. Trade in contraband articles for the present will be strictly prohibited. Your provost-marshal, under instructions from the provost-marshal-general of the department, will grant licenses to such trading ships as you may approve, and the larger traders coming with higher authority will have every facility extended them for their legitimate business. A company of militia under the captaincy of J. B. Brown, of Izard County, has been organized and supplied with arms and ammunition. A copy of the roll will be furnished you as a guide in arranging for the organization of similar companies in other adjacent counties. This means of securing to the people self-protection meets with the approval of the department commander and you are expected to aid organizations of that character to the extent of your facilities. It is deemed necessary to impose the most rigid rules upon detachments sent to scour the country for bushwhackers, in order that the people may not have cause to complain that our presence is a detriment to the neighborhood.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Vaugine was killed on the 14th instant by the rebel Captain Maybery in a personal altercation. He was shot through the head and died almost instantly. Nearly all of Vaugine's and Maybery's men have come in and given themselves up. Yesterday twenty-three and the day before eighteen took the oath. Seven deserters came in this morning. Captain Maybery and a few men it is said have gone to Devall's Bluff to surrender. There are now no organized rebels north of the river. I sent a party of thirty men down the river yesterday on this side to look after Kidd's gang.

POWELL CLAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, May 16, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON:

Your success in cleaning out the rebels north of the river is encouraging. Your attention is called to telegram of 12th instant from these headquarters, directing that all prisoners be sent to the provost-marshal-general of the department for parole. This is done to secure record against them and for uniformity.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

