HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 16, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING:

The Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry that are in the District of Southeast Missouri have been ordered to General Mitchell. They are now on their way by river, and will debark at Kansas City. General Mitchell will distribute them along the Kansas border, and will use them in scouting the counties of Vernon, Bates, Cass, and Jackson, as well as taking care of the border.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

WARRENSBURG, May 16, 1865.

Major B. K. DAVIS,

Lexington:

Answer immediately whether you know of the guerrillas being in force at any particular point. Colonel Pinger left Independence this morning on a scout. He will probably go down to the neighborhood of Greenton and thence up. Notify all the infantry commanders to be on the alert and to have men in the woods. Use your cavalry to the best advantage. I may send out parties from here.

C. HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, MO., May 16, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

David Pool professes to be in Sni Hills collecting his men in order to give them up. Pool's first lieutenant is south of here doing the same thing, and I have every assurance that he will give himself up as soon as he gets his men together, whom he and Pool assert were disbanded to meet on the 20th instant. I am almost certain that Clement, with five or six men, was on the river yesterday, between here and Berlion, prospecting for crossing the river. He talked with persons near there, and declared his [intentions] to be such. I am confident he and his party were fired upon yesterday, about six miles out on the Salt Pond road, on his return from the river. His letter sent in is dated May 14, and proposed with five men to meet an equal party at the Mound, on Warrensburg road, on the 17th instant, to learn particulars of terms, &amp;c. His men remain together in large parties, and have Remained up to my last advices between the Warrensburg and Columbus road and near Greenton Valley. If you should move after him I can assist you, but my cavalry is badly worn. If you think as well, would send part infantry. Where is Captain Eads? Please answer.

B. K. DAVIS,

Major.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 16, 1865.

Colonel J. G. CLARK,

Booneville:

The district has been resub-districted and you are assigned to the command of the First Sub-District. You will proceed without delay to

