
all in my power to restore peace, order, and quiet in Northern Arkansas and protect to the fullest extent all its law-abiding people in their persons and property, and to all commanders on the border I have given orders accordingly. To secure this desirable result in the most speedy manner, I solicit the aid of all law-abiding persons, and especially of all officers and soldiers who have been in the army. The war, as between two Governments, is at an end, and without regard to the side we have been on in this conflict one duty remains for us all, that is, to do all in our power to restore order, peace, and comfort to society. To this end I am ready to co-operate with any and all men. General Thompson surrendered the forces of the District of Northern Arkansas on the 11th instant at Chalk Bluff, to be paroled on the 29th instant at Wittsburg and on the 6th [5th] of June at Jacksonport. After this I hope we shall be able to work together and maintain peace and order along the border, as there can be no Confederate soldiers there after June 6.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General.

P. S. -I inclose you late papers.

MACON, May 16, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Will you suffer Holtzclaw, Jackson, Quantrill, Pool, and their bands of guerrillas to surrender, and upon what terms? I learn from captain Truman that they are anxious to do so. I will anxiously wait your instructions.

I. V. PRATT,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., May 16, 1865.

(Received 19th.)

Major-General DODGE:

On the 14th instant twenty rebels, formerly of Quantrill's party, passed twenty miles north of here, having crossed the Arkansas River above this point. Two Texas deserters from the rebel command at Arbuckle arrived here last night. They reported that the party referred to came up two days in advance of them, and that forty more of the same party, Missouri bushwhackers, left Arbuckle on the 8th instant for Boggy Depot, where they except to remain one or two days, and then move north, crossing the Arkansas above this place and thence into Missouri. The two deserters are intelligent and apparently truthful men. I place reliance in their statements. They say the rebels here referred to as going north into Missouri declared their purpose to pursue a relentless guerrillas warfare, private revenge and plunder being their motive. I have no horses yet, consequently can do but little toward intercepting these parties. Please forward a copy of this telegram to Colonel Blair, Fort Scott.

JAMES G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

(Copy by Dodge to Blair and Harding, May 19, and to Sanborn, May 20.)

