
GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 20. Milwaukee, Wis., May 16, 1865.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 83, War Department, current series, as directs the muster out of cavalry troops whose term of service expires prior to October 1, 1865, is, by direction of the honorable the Secretary of War, suspended in this department until further orders. Commanding officers and mustering officers in this department will be governed accordingly.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Fort Abercrombie, Dak. Ter., May 16, 1865.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

CAPTAIN: In a communication dated the 14th instant, Major R. H. Rose, commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., informed me that a war party of Yanktonnais are on their way to Fort Abercrombie, and that if unsuccessful in their attempt they will move eastward to the settlements. No mention was made by Major Rose as to the source from where this information was derived. He doubtless feels it to be reliable. I feel no apprehension as to the attempt on Fort Abercrombie. I can defend it with the troops and means at my command against all the hostile Indians in the department. The probable route taken by this party may embrace an attack upon Twin Lake Station, and then by way of Lake Traverse, Holmes City, &amp;c., to the settlement about Sauk Creek, or perhaps farther south toward Forest city. This is the only line, in my opinion, by which a successful approach to the northern frontier settlements of Minnesota can be made by hostile Indians. All the troops in this sub-district are fully prepared, and if attacked by the red devils, or can get within striking distance of them, will render a good account of themselves. A dispatch was received this morning from the officer commanding at Georgetown, Minn., giving the information that on the morning of the 14th instant a Sioux Indian was seen and chased by troops at that point. It was believed that more were in the vicinity, as all the Chippewas had left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. POWELL ADAMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Third Sub-District.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 95.Washington, May 17, 1865.

I. The Military Division of West Mississippi is abolished.

The States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, and the District of Key West and the Tortugas will constitute the Department of the Gulf. Major General E. R. S. Canby is assigned to the command, headquarters at New Orleans.

Major-General Banks is relieved from the command of the Department of the Gulf and will report in writing to the Adjutant-General at Washington.

