HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., April 7, 1865-2. 02 p. m.

Governor LEWIS,Madison, Wis.:

Please inform me how many regiments are organizing in Wisconsin, their progress, and when I may expect them here?

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.

(Similar messages to Governors Stone of Iowa, and Miller of Minnesota.)
HEADQUARTERS FORT SUMMER, N. MEX., April 7, 1865.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find a communication relative to some Indians that were said to be at large from this reservation, killing stock, &amp;c., in the vicinity of the Rio Conchas. Upon investigation the report seems to have been made without any foundation whatever. The report of the office sent to ascertain the facts in regard to this matter is also herewith inclosed. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McCLEAVE,

Major, First California Cavalry, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 25, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Mr. Migued des Marais, of Las Vegas, N. Mex., for his information.

Is it not possible that the herders may have lost, or stolen, or sold, or eaten the sheep and accounted for their absence by charging it to the Navajos? I was informed by Mr. Santiago L. Hubbell that some sheep were killed at Mr. Whittemore's ranch when he was there. Mr. Whitemore admitted this to myself, and only a few days since, when I stopped at this house, he said his herderese had found the day before eight sheep and driven them up to this house, where they were then. He said one of the sheep had both ears cut off. It might be well to inquire of Mr. Whittemore, whose sheep were killed, what marks had, &c. Please return these papers. Every effort will be made to prevent Indians from depredating upon the herds of the people, but the owners of herds are liable to be imposed upon by false reports.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

LAS VEGAS, N. MEX., March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant EDGAR:

(Or any other picket office at the Alamo Gordo.)

SIR: My herders have just arrived here from my ranch, which is called La Turpentino; it is close to Las Conchas. They say there are twenty Navajo Indians there and have been there some eight or ten days, and are daily killing my sheep and cattle; sheep they have killed

---------------

*See report of Lieutenant James C. Edgar, First New Mexico Cavalry, Part I, p. 140.

---------------

