
Missouri from constant alarm and apprehension; and that, in order to swell the dimensions of his command, he will undoubtedly persuade a great many of the disaffected and troublesome characters in that region to go in and surrender with him. Large numbers of guerrillas and bushwhackers in Missouri are anxious to come in and surrender. The difficulty is that, although the military authorities will willingly give them fair terms on condition of their surrender with all their horses, arms, &amp;c., the people of the State will not permit them to remain. The military can only protect them on condition of their living at military posts, which they cannot do and make their won living. I hope in a little while to pacify the pubic mind on this subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 17, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson has surrendered with all his forces in Northern Arkansas. They are to be paroled at Wittsburg, on the Saint Francis River, on the 29th instant, a dn at Jacksonport, on White River, on the 5th of June. Please send a staff officer to each place to meet the staff officers of General Dodge who are charged with completing the surrender. The terms are the same as those granted to Lee, and I have no doubt, from General Thompson' letters, will be carefully observed. For his own sake, and to gratify his vanity, Jeff. Thompson will undoubtedly persuade as many of the disaffected and troublesome characters in Northern Arkansas as he can to go in and surrender as part of his command. He represents his forces to be between 5,000 and 10,000, and I do not doubt that he will try to make up the number in someway. His surrender will relieve your very much in Northern Arkansas, and enable you to establish some sort of civil jurisdiction there. I will communicate further with you on the subject, and in any event I will go to Little Rock by June 1.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 17, 1865.

Captain H. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Detached Company, C. S. Army:

CAPTAIN: Your communication, dated Richwoods, May 16, stating that you "desire to make terms for the surrender of your company," has been received at these headquarters. Your proposition to meet a representative at a given place is reasonable but is not deemed expedient or necessary. Upon surrender of yourself and forces you will be treated as prisoners of war, and the same terms of parole as extended to troops serving with General Lee will be accorded to you. The commanding officer at Brownsville Station will be instructed to expect your

