
and took their arms, horses, &amp;c. The train was recaptured. The mail hack was attacked this morning going from Fredericktown to the Knob. Driver and one passenger wounded.

W. L. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 17, 1865-9. 35 a. m.

Colonel MORRILL,

Rolla:

Send immediately eight companies of Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry to Fort Riley and Fort Larned, Kans., to report to General Ford, commanding District of the Upper Arkansas. They will take rations to last them to Lawrence, where more will meet them to take them through. As soon as cavalry can be sent from here the other four companies will be relieved to follow them. The assistant quartermaster will furnish transportation. They will move on west direct overland, and their officers will be held strictly responsible, for any depredations committed. For all forage taken en route full receipt and vouchers will be given. Answer when they will move.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Rolla, May 17, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis:

Colonel Catherwood will move with eight companies of Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry to-morrow, 18th instant. The command has not been paid for fourteen months and both officers and men are destitute of money. Cannot a paymaster meet them at Warrensburg?

JOHN MORRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Numbers 91. Rolla, May 17, 1865.

1. Colonel Samuel Fallows, Forty-ninth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty, and will at once relieve Colonel E. C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, as commanding officer of the post of Rolla.

2. Pursuant to orders from headquarters Department of the Missouri, Colonel E. C. Catherwood, commanding Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, will move at once with eight companies of his command, via Linn Creek and Warrensburg, Mo., to Fort Riley and Fort Larned, Kans., and report for orders to Brigadier General J. H. Ford, commanding District of the Upper Arkansas. The command will take with them sufficient subsistence to last them to Lawrence, where they will meet further supplies. Colonel Catherwood will see that full receipt and vouchers are given for all forage taken on the route. The officers of the command will be held strictly responsible for any depredations committed. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

