
the Texas coast there will be a sufficient number of vessels in squadron to give her a severe handling, I think, and I doubt if she can enter Galveston on account of her draft; but if she can do so it is certain that her plating, armor, and battery do not amount to much. I am hastening the repairs on the two monitors here, but have been delayed for want of sufficient mechanics.

I am, general, very truly and respectfully,

H. K. THATCHER.

WASHINGTON, May 18, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to say that Major-General Sheridan having been assigned to a command south of the Arkansas River and west of the Mississippi, he wishes you to direct General R. Allen, quartermaster, to fill such requisitions as he may make.

JOHN A RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 18, 1865.

General A. B. EATON,

Commissary-General:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires me to say that Major-General Sheridan, having been assigned to a command south of Arkansas River and west of the Mississippi, he wishes you to direct Colonel T. J. Haines, commissary of subsistence, to fill such requisitions as he may make.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[MAY 18, 1865. -For Special Orders, Numbers 238, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, assigning officers to duty as assistant commissioners of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedman, and Abandoned Lands in certain Southern States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1170.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., May 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 18th day of May, 1865: Captain J. B. Hoit, provost-marshal at Devall's Bluff, Ark., reports by letter, under date of May 6, that during the past six days seven rebel deserters reported and took the oath. Scouts sent out from the post captured a rebel captain and several privates. Captain Railbon is near there with 120 men and says he will surrender. Captain

