
some sixty head. Will you, sir, be so kind as to send and take these Indians back to their reservation at once, as I do not wish my stock destroyed by them; besides they will take the rations from my men.

Hoping you will at once see to this, I am, sir, truly, yours,

MIGUEL DES MARAIS.

P. S. - Mr. Taylor or Whittemore can tell you the exact direction to the Turpentino.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, New Orleans, La., April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 8th day of April, 1865: A rebel deserter makes the following statement of the number and stations of the different scouting parties in Louisiana: The Ratliff Scouts, acting under General Brent, C. S. Army, as a courier-line, numbering about fifty men, are stationed on Bayou Maringouin. Captain Carmouche's command of forty-five or fifty men acting in the same capacity and by the same authority, and is stationed on False River Island. Captain Barrow, acting the same as the above, with twenty-five or thirty men, has no regular station. Captain Williams, acting without authority, commands forty jayhawkers and makes headquarters at Bayou Grossetete or Bayou Fordoche. Lieutenant Colins, acting under General Brent, &amp;c., has forty-five men stationed at Simsport. A report from Major George Webster, Pass Manchac, 6th instant, states that Colonel Powers' and Colonel Griffith's regiments are at Whitestown, Miss. A scout reports forty or fifty men at Springfield, La. Forrest has started with his force toward Mobile. The naval force which came down on Lake Maurepas are reported to be going to the Mississippi, near Baton Rouge, to place torpedoes in the river. They also talk of trying to blow up the gun-boat Fort Gaines.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., April 8, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Before leaving for the field permit me to state for your information the condition of the cavalry of this command. The eight regiments sent from Tennessee, under General Knipe, consisted of four new Indiana regiments, three Tennessee regiments, and the Nineteenth Pennsylvania, and arrived here about half mounted and very poorly armed. Four of the poorest of those regiments are now at points on the Mississippi River above this, dismounted, having been sent to take the place of cavalry now at the front and that which was temporarily

4 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

