
ville, that some of the employees of the railroad had left a locomotive and train of flat-cars at Tigerville. Believing it might be destroyed, I sent a company back there to-day to stay as long as it is possible. My present method of carrying the mail is by steam-boat to Tigerville, and from that point through the swamp, generally alongside of the railroad track in small boats. The Cornie being thus constantly employed, there is no small boat left to help the poor people whose stock are drowning and property washing away. Of this class there are hundreds of families, many of whom will perish unless a small steamer is sent to their assistance. Cannot such a boat be sent to me to-day, that I may promise them some help in a few days?

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BONNET CARRE,May 18, 1865.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Captain F. P. Poche, C. S. Army, has surrendered with eleven of his men. I have paroled them and caused them to be duly registered at the office of the provost-marshal of this parish, and supplied them with passes to their homes. These men brought no arms or accouterments with them. I supposed that they had given them up at my upper post where they came in, but Captain Poche informs me that their arms were all shotguns taken from citizens, and that by Colonel Parkhurst's permission they were returned to their original owners. I ask instructions for my future guidance. Do not the terms of Taylor's surrender require that all arms except the side-arms of officers are to be given up? What course am I to pursue when men come in without arms? I have also paroled a lieutenant and two men who came in independently.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES EVERETT,

Colonel, Commanding District of Bonnet Carre.

OSYKA, May 18, 1865.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding:

I will arrive with my command at Baton Rouge in good condition on Monday next.

J. BAILEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, May 18, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Vicksburg:

Your communication of the 14th, in relation to the prisoners of war sent to you from New Orleans, has been received. You will please cause them to be paroled on the same terms as those agreed upon between Generals Canby and Taylor on the 14th instant. By the terms of the surrender, all officers and men of the C. S. Army east of the Mississippi

