
been in this region. Small raids are to be expected, but eighteen companies of cavalry and four of infantry seem to me enough to protect the settlements. I do not see what could be done with more. A campaign against Indians at Devil's Lake would be immensely expensive and would lead to no good results, so long as the Indians can find refuge on British territory, only a few miles north of Devil's Lake. We cannot cross the British line to pursue the, permission having been refused by the British Government. There are only a part of the Indians in that region who are hostile. I will endeavor soon to go up to Minnesota myself. I have had so much of the same kind of exaggerated reports from that quarter for the past two years that I do not attach any great consequence to General Curtis' letter. He ha snot had the same experience of the speculative character of these alarms and calls for troops that I have had. If I find that more troops are really needed in Minnesota, I will advise you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 18, 1865.

Major General M. C. MEIGH,

Quartermaster-General:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will send at once 2,500 cavalry horses to Major-General Pope at Saint Louis, and that if you are unable to do this you inform him, so that other arrangements may be made.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Aide-de-Camp and Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 18, 1865-4. 50 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

I wrote you a day or two since that Jeff. Thompson had surrendered to General Dodge, whom I had instructed to send to him. His forces are all to be paroled on the 29th at Wittsburg, and on the 5th of June at Jacksonport. Please sent two staff officers to meet the staff officers of General Dodge at Memphis, and accompany them to superintend surrender. Boat will leave here on 22nd and be at Memphis on 24th. Acknowledge receipt.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

QUITMAN, ARK., May 18, 1865.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Dept. of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Seeing the hopelessness of any further struggle, and not wishing to be placed in the attitude of a guerrilla, bushwhacker, or marauder, which I would necessarily be should I prosecute a further hopeless stifle, and being fully satisfied that the regular organized

