
armies of the Confederate States east of the Mississippi River are surrendered, I have determined, on the 5th proximo, at Jacksonport, to surrender my command, but it is impossible for me to prevail on some of my men to deliver their arms until they have some assurance from the U. S. authorities that those independent companies and squads claiming protection under the Federal Government are immediately disarmed. I am confident that you are not aware of the many murderous crimes and outrageous depredations committed on the people through the country, or their course would have been ended before this. I called the attention of Colonel Ryan, commanding at Lewisburg, to this matter last winter, but he seemed to take no action in the matter whatever, and I am very well satisfied that peace and order can easily be restored should these fellows be disarmed, as my men have no particular animosity against the Federal Government, and are now willing to submit to the laws of the country and the requirements of the U. S. forces if they can be let alone by these independent men. I have been requested by the citizens of this country to say to you that they are exceedingly anxious for peace, and if you will send them instructions how to proceed, they will establish law and order without the trouble and expense of an armed force to do that for them; but should troops be necessary, they petition you not to send men of this State, who have personal grudges, but a command of some other State, who are not prejudiced and who will do justice to all parties. Will you inform me whether men who have not been engaged in this war, that have not yet taken the oath, will have to report and do so or not. Things will be quite easy, I think, in this portion of the country, if these independent fellows were disbanded and disarmed, as I could then control the Southern soldiers without further difficulty, and the citizens seem very anxious to go forth and restore law and order were they not prevented by these aery respectfully,

A. R. WITT,

Colonel.

[MAY 18, 1865. -For Dodge to Pope, relating to surrender of Confederate forces under General M. Jeff. Thompson, see Part I, p. 228.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 18, 1865-3. 50 p. m.

General DODGE:

I wrote to Reynolds a day or two since requesting him to send two staff officers. Have telegraphed him to-day to same effect.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 127. Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1865.

By agreement between the officers appointed by Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army, and Major General G. M. Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri to carry out the stipulations of the surrender of the Confederate forces of the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas, the evidence that an officer or enlisted man is a paroled

