
prisoner of war is the fact of his possessing a printed certificate certifying to the fact, dated at Wittsburg, Ark., May 25, 1865, and Jacksonport, Ark., June 5, 1865, and signed by his command officer or the staff officer of the same.

All guards, patrols, officers, and soldiers of the U. S. forces will respect such certificates and observe in good faith the provisions of the surrender.

By command of Major General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 128. Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1865.

All officers and men of the Confederate armies, whether paroled or deserters, coming within the limits of this department, must immediately and before going to their homes report to the nearest provost-marshal, and, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 215, current series, from Headquarters of the Army, take the amnesty oath prescribed by proclamation of the President of the United States, of date December 8, 1863, and promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 64, War Department, series of 1864.

When not excepted from its benefits by the terms of said proclamation they will, upon taking the oath therein prescribed, be allowed to go to their homes or elsewhere, and will not be molested so long as they faithfully observe and obey the laws in force where they may reside.

Those failing to comply with the requirements hereof will be considered and regarded as bushwhackers and outlaws and will be treated accordingly.

The oath will be subscribed in duplicate, and provost-marshals before whom they are taken will deliver one to the person taking the same and forward the other to the provost-marshal-general of the department.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 18, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I received the telegram last evening of capture of those wagons. It was the first information I had of that gang. Major Utt telegraphs from the Knob that Hilderbrands' gang were in Saint Francis County yesterday, robbing citizens. One company from the Seventh Kansas are in pursuit; also one company in pursuit of Peter Smith. I have telegraphed to Fredericktown to find out why they did not inform us sooner. The detachment there is a part of the Dallas County militia.

W. L. STAFFORD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 18, 1865.

Brigadier-General WAGNER:

Lieutenant Rogers, commanding at Fredericktown, reports the reason he did not telegraph here sooner was that the men that were with the

