
Moonlight reports no Indians nearer than Big Horn and Powder River. Quartermaster of Sixteenth Kansas stopped train bound here; took 80,000 pounds of corn. Have asked his authority. No answer yet. Flour at Rocky ridge all right Mormons very insolent; Brigham preaching violence. George reports large deficiencies at Douglas in quartermaster's department; unable to account for them. Sub-districts telegraph me men whose terms expire before last of May; do not understand. No information in this office. Cavalry whose do term expires before 1st of October be reported soon as possible. Road quiet. Everything right in district.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 18, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to reply to your letter of the 11th instant, and to inform you that he does not consider any movement of the Minnesota troops to Devil's Lake judicious. A campaign against the Indians at that point would be very expensive and would lead to no good results, so long as the Indians can find refuge in British territory - only a few miles north of Devill's Lake - into which territory we cannot pass for the purpose of operations, permission having been refused by the British Government. It is desired that you dispose your forces so as best to protect the frontier settlements. It is believed that eighteen companies of cavalry and four of infantry - which you now have, independent of Brackett's battalion - will be sufficient for this purpose, if properly disposed and managed. The major-general commanding will probably visit Minnesota soon for the purpose of examining into the condition of affairs there.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 18, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Paul:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 5th instant addressed to the major-general commanding, and in reply I am directed to say that while the general will be glad to favor any arrangement which will induce a cordial co-operation of Her Majesty's Government in suppressing any and all Indian hostilities near the British lines, he thinks this murder of a family by a few Indians near Mankato and the summary resentment of the inhabitants on a half-breed would not seem to be a good base for the argument, as there is clearly very remote or no complicity of Great Britain in this affair.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

