
from Arkansas. It is proper to tell you that the troops in Arkansas are the refuse of Canby's old command. He selected the best troops for operations against Mobile, leaving in Arkansas defensive garrison and cavalry without horses. I sent copy of your dispatch to General Reynolds, and can replace him in Arkansas, though not easily. For administrative duties in that State he is the best man I know. I suppose you don't wish him to go unless he desires it. Will write to-day on the subject.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 19, 1865. (Received 6. 15 p. m.)

General GRANT:

What shall we do for horses, &amp;c., for the brigade of cavalry General Thomas sent here?

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 19, 1865-8. 30 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Quartermaster's Department will deliver to you at Saint Louis in about one week 2,500 serviceable cavalry horses, to be issued under your orders.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 19, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your cipher dispatch of the 18th informing me that General Sheridan had been assigned to the command in Texas. You may rely upon my sending him every man I can from Arkansas and in every way doing what is in my power to assist his operations. In this connection I would suggest that a considerable cavalry force, say 6,000 or 8,000 men, be assembled at Fort Smith to make a strong cavalry raid by way of Fort Towson or Doaksville into Northeastern Texas. I have plenty of supplies for this purpose already at Fort Smith. A good cavalry commander would be needed. In connection with any operations of Sheridan such a movement might be useful. I have sent a copy of your dispatch to Reynolds and have asked him to notify me immediately whether he desires to go with Sheridan. I presumed that you id not intend him to go unless he wished it. I can of course spare him if you desire it, but it will be difficult to replace him by an officer of equal judgment and discretion, both of which qualities will be greatly needed in restoring order in Arkansas. The troops Reynolds has in that State are only sufficient for defensive purposes and were really the refuse of the troops formerly in that department. General Canby

