
the lieutenant-general commanding the Army, or the War Department, as the case may be, to order Colonel F. D. Callender, chief of ordnance, to turn over to the State, or requisitions approved by me, arms, accouterments, and ammunition, to be thus turned in by the Missouri State Militia or the U. S. Volunteers that have gone out of service. We have plenty of such on hand. They are equally as good for this service as new ones, and it will not be any loss to the Government but a great aid to us. Immediate [action] should be had in this, as we are having great trouble from the outlaws, guerrillas, &amp;c., and they should be put down at the start.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 19, 1865. (Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General POPE:

General Blunt telegraphs that several noted bands of bushwhackers are moving north to Missouri, crossing Arkansas River west of Gibson. Says he has no horses to check them; says they are desperate men, and declare their intentions to kill and rob. General Sanborn reports one band crossing road east of Lebanon, capturing a lieutenant and five men, hanging the sheriff of that country, and cutting the throats of two other citizens. While such acts are being committed, won't our proposal to receive such men have a bad effect?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, May 19, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Colonel Denny, at Glasgow, says rebels are surrendering there, and he wants their horses and arms for our Order Numbers 3 companies. Can they be so disposed of?

THOS. C. FLETCHER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 19, 1865-2. 12 p. m.

Governor FLETCHER,

Jefferson City:

Referring to your Order Numbers 21, the orders of the War Department and of Lieutenant-General Grant allow all the persons mentioned to go to their homes or any other place on their taking amnesty oath, which they are doing in all cases, or are not allowed to come into the State. I think the organization of militia as proposed good, and would call upon them to put down guerrillas and every person guilty of unlawful acts, but would omit the part referring to paroled prisoners, rebels, Price's men, &c. My reasons are that I believe most of them are disposed to act right, and it might inflame the people against them and drive them into the brush, while the course I indicate would effect the class we want to reach - those coming here for lawless purposes. Many bands of the guerrillas are preparing to give up and surrender. I

