
the department for file. Subsistence and transportation to their homes, if the same are within the lines of Federal occupation, will be furnished to them. Their horses are to be turned over to the quartermaster's department and their arms to the depot ordnance officer.

By order of Colonel Harding:

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, May 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

The rebels are still robbing the citizens. Last evening they hung one of the Thirteenth Veterans. They captured him on his way from this place to Linn Creek. The lieutenant in command of the escort had twenty-five or twenty-six men with him. The rebels passed within some 200 yards of him, but having a train of wagons he thought it best not to make an attack. The rebels swear that they are going to have revenge for the men that were drowned at Osage River before they left. There are two bands of them, forty-five in one and fifty in the other - forty mounted and ten dismounted. The band of forty-five have some twelve or fifteen horses driving. It is thought they will pass by the way of Black Oak Point, in Hickory County. I get this reliable.

JOHN SMALL,

Major, Commanding.

The major says, tell general there are some rebels on Mingo. Did not give number.

B.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 19, 1865.

Major JOHN SMALL,

Commanding at Lebanon, Mo.:

I have no doubt that the report about there being two bands is a mistake. Such a report always comes when there is one band in the country, and generally arises from mistakes as to times that the band is a certain points. Why does not Kelly attack; or can't he overtake them? Get out all citizens that have arms until these men are exterminated. At what hour did you hear of the band last? Where was it them, and how near was Kelly? Was Kelly moving? Has the paymaster come on? Is Captain Rubey out with the scout?

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 19, 1865.

Major JOHN SMALL,

Commanding at Lebanon, Mo.:

Do you need any mounted troops at Lebanon while the scouting parties are gone? If so, telegraph how many, and whether they are absolutely necessary. If your parties are to be out long, you will see that supplies are sent to them promptly.

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

