SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 102. Macon, Mo., May 19, 1865.

* * * * *

2. In compliance with instructions from Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, Captain John D. Meredith, Company D, Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry, will proceed with twenty picked men of his command, and, in company with Harry Truman, who is authorized to obtain the surrender and parole of the guerrillas bands of Holtzclaw, Jackson, and such others as may desire, exercise the most watchful care and preserve the strictest military discipline among the men of his command during the expedition. Lieutenant D. J. Duffy, of the North Missouri Railroad guard, will accompany the expedition with two men of his command as guides.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General C. B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, May 19, 1865-9. 30 a. m.

General DODGE:

Bill Jackson, son of Claib. Jackson, with two men, has surrendered to me. He claims to be a regular Confederate officer, and wishes to be paroled as such. Does not feel willing to take amnesty oath. Evidence can be obtained, I learn, to prove him a guerrilla. What shall be done with him? What with their horses and arms?

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 19, 1865-10. 15 a. m.

Colonel A. F. DENNY,

Glasgow:

They can be paroled if regular Confederate troops, but cannot stay in Missouri unless they take amnesty oath. Their horses and arms will be turned over to the proper staff departments. If they refuse to take amnesty oath, send them to Colonel Baker to be sent South.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., May 19, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

No new officers yet appointed to the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry. The Governor telegraphs me he will be here to-morrow night to fill the vacancies. Those of the Fifteenth right here under my eye are in a passable state of discipline, considering the length of time they have been without officers, and I think the whole regiment is being improved. Some good officers would soon put it in respectable shape.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

