
FORT SCOTT, May 19, 1865-12. 07 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Henry Taylor, commanding all the guerrillas forces in Southwest Missouri, has manifested a disposition to surrender all his forces engaged in bushwhacking in this country. I have permitted Lieutenant-Colonel Vittum, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, to go out for the purpose of having an interview. The interview will take place to-morrow. Can I give him the same terms on which Lee surrendered his army, with the additional stipulation that he turn over to us all arms, private as well as public? Please answer to-day.

R. R. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 19, 1865-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL,

Fort Leavenworth:

They will be allowed to surrender by giving up all the horses, arms, and equipments, and will not be molested by the military authorities so long as they obey the laws where the reside. If they desire to live in States that were not in insurrection they will be obliged to take the amnesty oath as prescribed in Lieutenant-General Grant's order and Secretary of War's decision.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

PRIVATE. - In any surrender by careful that no quarter is given against any civil action that may be brought against them for any crimes committed. Nothing need be said about this. We deal with them only from military point of view.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 19, 1865.

Brigadier General ROBERT B. MITCHELL,

Fort Scott:

Colonel Potter says he has no horses. Has 600 ponies which he now proposes to issue to the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, if they will take them. He is corresponding with General Dodge upon the subject. There will be 600 horses here soon, but Colonel Potter says they are for General Connor. By telegraphing to General Dodge you may be able to hold some of them. General McCook is here; goes to-morrow. General Connor is also here. When do you start back? What route?

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SCOTT, May 19, 1865.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

I intended starting to-morrow, and may be able to leave late to-morrow afternoon. I am arranging to have all the guerrillas on the border sur-

33 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

