
NEW ORLEANS, May 20, 1865.

(Received 10. 20 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Osterhaus telegraphed to-day all that is known of Kirby Smith. Colonel Sprague has returned from Red River. Colonel Crosby, of General Banks' staff, told me that he had received a private letter from Sprague, and that it was understood that Kirby Smith would not surrender, but there is nothing known officially of the result of his mission. Smith is not dead. I acknowledge the receipt of the War Department telegrams.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. S. LAFAYETTE,

Off Mouth Red River, May 20, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: I sent by Captain Petty, of the Little Rebel, a letter from General Brent, of the rebel army, for your action. * He is here under a flag of truce awaiting an answer, and requests that you will give him an immediately reply. I have read the letter and have refused to act upon it in any manner whatever until I hear from you. Whatever you may do in the case will meet with my co-operation. I do not know but the intention may be to relax vigilance in preventing parties escaping from the east. As far as I am concerned I shall continue the precautions that now exist.

The general is very desirous to meet you, or any officer you may delegate, in relation to terms and memoranda sent to the War Department by Colonel Sprague, and thinks that if he can have the interview it will prove beneficial to both parties. If the general cannot see you he would like to see General Herron.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. FOSTER,

Lieutenant Commander, Commanding Fourth District, Mississippi River.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., May 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you consideration the following report of information received at this office this 20th day of May, 1865: Lieutenant Martin Robinson, aide-de-camp, reports from headquarters U. S. Forces, Brazos Santiago, Tex., under date of May 6, as follows:

Slaughter was at Brownsville four weeks ago, and no knowledge of his leaving there since. His entire command consists of not more than 700 men. Colonel Ford, commanding in the field, with headquarters at Brownsville. A battalion of

---------------

*See Brent to Canby, 19th, p. 503.

---------------

