
cavalry at Palmetto Ranch, fifteen miles from mouth of Rio Grande, consisting of 250 men, is the nearest force to our lines. The rebels regard the death of President Lincoln a good omen for them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK N. WICKER,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

U. S. CONSULATE GENERAL,

Havana, May 20, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces at New Orleans:

SIR: The blockade-runner Owl, Captain Maffitt, under the rebel flag, will leave here for Galveston to-day or to-morrow. On her return from Galveston the Owl will come out by the main channel. by following the accompanying directions the Owl may be caught: Station a light-draft gun-boat on the Northeast Channel) there are seven feet of water at low tide); run in far enough to keep the Knoll buoy always in sight. If the night is very dark, cross the bar and anchor just inside. Let the Owl pass the buoy and cripple her from the start; then come in behind her. Don't trust sailors to look out. To cross the Northeast Bar, bring the light to bear southwest, one-half south. The bar is a long one. There is no danger of the enemy or shoal water. I regard this information as reliable. Will you communicate it at once to the officer in command of the naval forces at New Orleans. The rebel iron-clad ram Stonewall was given up on yesterday by those having charge of her to the Spanish Colonial authorities of the Island of Cuba.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM T. MINOR,

U. S. Consul-General at Havana.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 163. New Orleans, May 20, 1865.

* * * * *

5. The Eighty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry having reported to these headquarters in pursuance of orders from headquarters Department of the Gulf, will proceed to Camp Parapet and there report to Colonel S. Jones, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding the post. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRASHEAR, May 20, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The water rose during the last twenty-four hours about an inch. Our levees are about completed, and I consider them safe against a further rise of two feet. We have five guns mounted in the redoubt, and more will be mounted to-day.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

