
parole of officers and men. Colonel Blair, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, has gone a great deal to bring the matter about. I feel confident that the surrender of Taylor will be the cause of bushwhackers surrendering near this border.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

JULESBURG, COLO. TER., May 20, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Atchison, Kans.:

Corn taken from trains on road as follows: Lieutenant Smith, Alkali, 50 sacks; Captain Cremer, Beauvais, 24 sacks; Colonel Walker, Alkali, 80,000 pounds. Colonel Walker says he had authority from you. No authority given in other cases. Colonel Moonlight reports no Indians nearer than Big Horn and Powder Rivers. He captured Two Face and two of his band. They had Mrs. Eubanks and child. She was captured last August on Little Blue by Cheyennes. Flour at Rocky Bridge all right. No Indian troubles other than reported to you yesterday by Colonel Livingston. No tents to be had in Denver. Have four hospital tents up; getting along best I can. Office work, excepting returns for April and papers requiring your action, completed to date. Captain Turnley passed here nearly a week ago. Colonel George reports large deficiencies in quartermaster's department at Douglas. Mormons insolent; Brigham preaching violence. Thirty-two men in district terms of service expire before May 31, all at Douglas. Judge from reports already in that 600 cavalrymen terms expire before October 1. General Grant has stopped for present order for mustering them out. Colfax and party expected on road soon. General Dodge directs every facility be afforded them. Lewis and Zabriskie here; former sick. No news from Brown. This is a horrible place for office business. I am almost worked down. Glad you are coming back.

GEOL F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 20, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I regretted very much to see in a late number of the Milwaukee Sentinel full details of all the dispatches you have received from the frontier, as also your proposed plan of a campaign to Devill's Lake, and even a statement of the objects of the expedition I myself ordered General Sully to make. Of course all this information was furnished to the newspapers from your office in Milwaukee. I cannot conceive any good result likely to arise from such publications, aside from this being in violation of War Department orders. If you had been as long in command of the Department of the Northwest as I have been you would have learned that every spring and autumn the same sort of stampedes occur in Minnesota. The more publicity given to these stories, even if they be strictly true, the more unnecessary excitements is created and the greater will be the alarm. People in portions of Minnesota, not in the least danger, will, upon seeing these stories,

