
sense of the word. Your own good sense and knowledge of international law and experience of policy pursued toward us in this war teaches you what will be proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 21, 1865.

Major General G. WEITZEL,

Commanding Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

As soon as your corps is embarked you will proceed with it to the Mobile Bay, Ala., and report to Major-General Steele for further orders. In addition to rations, ammunition, and other articles which you have received directions to take with you should take a fair quantity of intrenching tools.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[For other correspondence, orders, etc., relating to the transfer of Weitzer's command from Virginia to Texas, see Vol. XLVI, Part III.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

You will order the First Brigade, First Cavalry Division, of your command, composed of the First, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Michigan Regiments, to proceed at once with horse equipments and arms complete to report to Major-General Pope at Saint Louis, Mo. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation immediately.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, May 21, 1865.

(Received 2. 30 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following letter just received. It was delivered by Captain Petty, C. S. Navy, who is waiting for a reply. *

Captain James P. Foster, U. S. Navy, writes as follows:

MAY 20, 1865.

GENERAL: You are aware of the great change in sentiments and feelings of the rebels in the West of late, and the general desire to come to terms with our Government. I have any number of applications to ascertain what terms our Government will offer them. I have discovered a general desire to treat with you, and it is the personal prejudice against General Pope, who is now in communication with the rebel authorities, that makes the desire the more urgent. There is a great fear of General Banks' order, which they construe to mean a determination to deprive them of means of support. General Brent appears very desirous to make terms, and other officers of different commands are equally so inclined. That if it does not conflict with any plans you have in view that an interview with their leaders, when as explanation of the intentions of our Government could be given, would result in

---------------

*See Brent to Canby, May 19, p. 503.

---------------

