
hastening the downfall of what remains of the rebellion. General Brent is very desirous to meet you, or any officer you may delegate, in relation to terms and memoranda sent to the War Department by Colonel Sprague, and thinks if he can have an interview it will be beneficial to both parties. If he cannot see you would like to see General Herron.

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, May 21, 1865.

Colonel R. C. BUCHANAN,

First U. S. Infantry:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding is informed that General Beauregard will arrive in this city this afternoon, coming from Mobile on the steamer Laurel Hill. The general directs that you send a company of your regiment to the depot of the Saint Joseph street railroad at 4 p. m., with instructions to prevent any demonstration either by citizens or paroled rebel soldiers. In case of his non-arrival before tattoo, and if you are notified that there is no appearance of a demonstration, you will relieve the company.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 21, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Vicksburg, Miss.:

Lieutenant McAuley was sent to Jackson, Miss., in charge of the records of Mr. Clapp, Confederate cotton agent, with orders not to deliver them except to the duly authorized agents of the Treasury Department. Mr. Clapp's district extended over portions of two or three different agents of our Treasury Department, and it is very important that the supervising special agent should send persons properly delegated by him to receive their respective records from Lieutenant McAuley, and give him receipt for the same. General Osband's course sent to Vicksburg without being properly identified, is productive of endless trouble and confusion, and is in direct violation of orders from these headquarters. You will at once relieve General Osband from the command at Jackson and send a discreet officer in his place. The necessary papers upon which to base charges against General Osband will be sent to you. Please acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 21, 1865.

(Received 5 p. m. 24th.)

Major General JOHN POPE:

Your telegram of 18th received. My staff officers will reach Memphis on night of 24th. Letter not received.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

