
LEXINGTON, May 21, 1865.

Colonel J. B. BAKER,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I have the honor to report that forty bushwhackers surrendered to me to-day.

C. E. ROGERS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 21, 1865.

Brigadier General J. B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwest Missouri:

GENERAL: Lieutenant George W. Jobe, formerly of Company F, Forty-sixth Missouri Volunteers, on recommendation of Governor Murphy, has applied to me for instructions in regard to organizing post colonies in Carroll County, Ark. He informs me that there are in your district large numbers of loyal families from Northern Arkansas who are desirous of returning to their homes at once if sufficient assistance and protection can be rendered them by the military authorities. By authority from Governor Murhpy, approved by Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding the Department of Arkansas, I am in command of the colonies of Northwest Arkansas, and authorized to make such arrangements for the protection of the people and the promotion of the agricultural interests there as in my judgment may seem best adapted to their wants, reporting my action to them for approval. In order to facilitate the return to their homes of citizens of Arkansas now in Southwest Missouri and hasten the restoration of law and order in our State, I have respectfully to request, upon the application to you of citizens of known and tried loyalty, requesting authority to organize colonies of militia at Springfield, Mo., that you issue authority to such persona s you shall deem properly qualified to raise such companies, with a view to their returning and again locating near their homes in this State. Whenever thirty men shall have been enrolled in any one body under such authority a commission from Governor Murhpy will be issued to their commanders. Arms and ammunition will be furnished at Fayetteville, or, if more convenient, should be furnished at Springfield. Full instructions will be given by me for the management and government with their families to loath at such point as they may select. If the above meets your views you are respectfully requested to authorize the publication of the inclosed article* in the Springfield papers. Your long and tried faithfulness to the welfare of Northwest Arkansas, and the deep interest you have ever taken in assisting whatever enterprise could benef people, leads me to look to you for a zealous co-operation in the future as in the past, in our behalf.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cav., Commanding Colonies of Northwest Arkansas.

[First indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Little Rock, Ark., May 21, 1865.

Approved.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Governor of Arkansas.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

34 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

