
well to notify me as soon as you conveniently can, as it will be necessary to throw in to Little Rock and other points on Arkansas River the necessary supplies of all kinds. We should need, in addition to what we have now on hand, about 3,500 wagons with mules and harness complete, and a good light pontoon train. The Mississippi, White, and Arkansas Rivers are now very high, and will probably remain so for a month or six weeks. In that time it would be necessary to send forward all we need. If we are not in time now, we can hardly expect another rise in the Arkansas before June. The details and preparations, however, can be satisfactorily determined on hereafter should you approve the general plan of operations suggested. I shall be greatly obliged to you for any advise or any suggestions which you think may be useful to me in the proposed operations.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 8, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

News from Red River conflicting. A few days ago a deserter reported that Shelby, with 2,000 men, was preparing for a raid into Missouri. The last information, however, is to the effect that no such movement is on foot. A small party of about twenty men crossed the Arkansas River a few days ago, professedly on their way to Missouri to bring out their families.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, April 8, 1865. (Received 17th.)

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

The commissary at Fort Gibson reports about 20,000 people, mostly refugees and Indians, on the verge of starvation. It cannot be expected that the army will supply these people. Please call the attention of the Department of the Interior to this matter. The case demands immediate attention while the Arkansas is navigable.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

(Copy transmitted to General Halleck April 17.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 16. Saint Louis, Mo., April 8, 1865.

In compliance with paragraph 9, of Special Orders, Numbers 93, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, I assume command of the Saint Louis District. The district staff will remain as at present constituted until further orders.

GEORGE D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General.

