
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fayetteville, Ark., June 11, 1865.

The authority to publish the inclosed article is not approved by General Reynolds, nor is the arming of men at Springfield. General Reynolds approves my request for assistance from General Sanborn in sending Arkansas back to their homes. Late orders (inclosed) will not permit of arming any more men, even at this place.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Lieutenant Jobe.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure to second indorsement.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD. DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Fort Smith, Ark., June 2, 1865.

I. In obedience to instructions from department headquarters will organizations of militia within the Department of Arkansas are discontinued, the necessity for such force having ceased to exist. All public arms and accouterments in possession of militia within the limits of this command will be collected and turned over to the ordnance department without delay. Post commanders are charged with this duty and will report when the same has been complied with.

II. The Trans-Mississippi (rebel) Department having surrendered to General Canby on the 26th of May, requires that all soldiers in arms against the United States immediately report to the nearest military post, when they will be paroled on delivering their arms to the U. S. authorities. All such persons who remain in arms engaged in acts of hostility to the United States after a reasonable time for them to be informed of their surrender, will be regarded as guerrillas and outlaws, and when arrested will be shot.

By order of Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey:

L. A. DUNCAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, May 21, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

John C. Redford, of Dallas County, makes the following [statement] about the rebels and their pursuit by Captain Kelly:

The rebels left Fowler and Hurst's Mill late last Thursday evening and went six miles northwest from the mill to William Hall's and tarried till after 10 o'clock at night. Captain Kelly and his command arrived at Fowler's Mill a little after dark on the same evening the rebels left and staid all night at the mill, and started on the trains the next morning. The same morning that Captain Kelly left the mill the rebels killed eight Union men on the Little Mingo and took three prisoners a [short] distance from where Captain Kelly staid all night. The rebels then went up the Little Mingo to the Adams Settlement, not over eight miles from the mill. The rebels were going, when last heard from, in the direction of Warsaw, or the North Prairie, one hour and a half in advance of Captain Kelly.

I give the statement as Mr. Redford wrote it down.

JOHN SMALL,

Major, Commanding.

Major Small requests you to say to General Sanborn that Mr. Redford states these rebels informed him there in that vicinity that you will have 400 rebels in the State of Missouri; that they had all started together and had scattered in different directions in small squads.

B.

