
Nebraska City and Plattsville (supposed Plattsmouth) being in your district, communicated to you. Please designate point of junction with your troops of escort sent from here.

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 21, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Following just received. I have no troops near the scene of hostility for escort duty.

FORT LARAMIE, May 20, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Fort Leavenworth:

All trains coming from Leavenworth to Atchison must be escorted, or they will be captured. I have sent every man I could muster to patrol the line and protect persons and property east of here. Till I get more troops, orders organizing teams should be put in force at Atchison. The Little Blue is dangerous ground.

Respectfully,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

LEAVENWORTH, May 21, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

I had an order from General Dodge for escort for my surveying parties, but General Connor has withdrawn his troops [from the] Niobrara region. I request that you may telegraph me an order the commanding officer at Sioux City to furnish escort for surveying party in Niobrara region. I desire to get the party off as soon as possible. Please answer.

H. S. SLEEPER,

Surveyor-General of Kansas and Nebraska.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., May 21, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: You are respectfully informed that I have official advices from Fort Wadsworth of 14th and Fort Abercrombie of 16th instant. Two of the savages concerned in the massacre of 1862 have been killed by my scouts. About thirty lodges of Sissetons have come in and surrendered and are now with the main camp. They report that six soldiers were killed at Fort Rice and much stock of horses, &amp;c., driven off by the hostile Indians. The reports of a large assemblage of hostile Indians at Turtle Mountain, on the British boundary line, are corroborated. They have learned that the command of General Sully is to intended to operate south and west of the Missouri, and they threaten to concentrate and attack Forts Wadsworth and Abercrombie and the frontier settlements generally. I have no apprehensions of the success of an assault on the posts mentioned, nor do I believe it will be attempted, but there is good reason to apprehend a series of descents

