HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Southern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to state that your suggestion in regard to the disposition of the forces in your division, in view of the reduction of the permanent garrisons in this department, is approved. You will therefore be pleased to withdraw all troops between Bayou Manchac and Camp Parapet except the two companies of cavalry opposite Plaquemine and Donaldsonville. Bonnet Care Bend and Pass Manchac will be evacuated with all ordnance and ordnance stores. The pass will be picketed by such force as you may deem proper. The fortifications and armament at Camp Parapet, at the permanent fortifications and on the west side of the river, will remain as at present, except that Battery Bienvenue may be evacuated. The following-named regiments under your command, whose term of service expires within three or four months, in case of any movement toward Texas or Western Louisiana, will be retained with the limits of your division for garrison duty, viz: Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry, term expires August 16, 1865; First Louisiana Infantry, term expires August 18, 1865; Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, term expires October 12, 1865; Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, term expires November 26, 1865. The withdrawal of these troops from the points designated above will be executed as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, May 22, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF:

From General Cameron's latest report the probability is becoming strong that Brashear will have to be temporarily evacuated. In that event, after the movable property is secured, the post will have to be left in charge of the gun-boats to prevent the enemy from getting a foothold there during the fall of the waters. Moreover, we have already three transport steamers there, and General Cameron seems to think that two more will be required should he decide to abandon the work. Under the circumstances of abandonment, involving the removal of the guns, the defense against any operation of the enemy at that time would devolve mostly on the navy. It should also be considered, too, that so many transports at that point will excite the cupidity of the enemy. I therefore recommend that at least one additional gun-boat be sent to Brashear as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,Brashear City, La., May 22, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The water rose about two inches the last twenty-four hours. The pressure begins to tell on our levees, making them leak considerably.

