
If it continues to rise at the present rate ten or twelve days more, and a rain comes about that time to soften our levees, we shall run a great risk of inundation. If I knew it would not rise two feet more I would not hesitate about staying here, but if it is to rise three feet more, or even two feet and a half, I should have no hesitation about evacuating at once. I think if the water continues to rise at its present rate four or five days more we had better commence evacuating, as that will take us at least five days on account of the water, which is over the track between our levees and the depot. To move promptly we should have two more steam-boats about the size of the Able. If we have to move, shall we have the platforms and pintles or tear them up? Please give me any other instructions necessary, fearing the line may be down or communication interrupted at the time.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, La., May 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Brashear City, La.:

GENERAL: If necessary to move, save all the movable property, but do nothing to injure the defenses, for they will remain in charge of the gun-boats, to be reoccupied when possible to do so. What is the condition of the Teche country this side of Franklin? Is it much overflowed? Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRASHEAR, May 22, 1865. (Received 3. 10 p. m.)

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yours in regard to evacuation is received. From all I can learn, the Teche country never overflows above Pattersonville, but the rise in the swamps in the rear makes it very narrow. If the general should send me to occupy Camp Bisland, between Pattersonville and Franklin, I think it is so narrow that with what troops I have I could cover the whole front. In that case it might not be necessary to move the barbette guns here at all, as they could be dismounted and left upon the platforms. The rebels would have no means of disturbing them while we Remained in the vicinity of Franklin. One of the gun-boats and a heavy picket could be left here to look after them. If that movement should be made I would like to have six companies of the Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry taken on board a boat at Donaldsville and brought around here for the purpose of watching the enemy in front, leaving two companies of same regiment at Donaldsonville and two companies at Thibodeaux.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

