
POINTE COUPEE, May 22, 1865.

Colonel H. N. FRISBIE,

Commanding Post at Morganza:

DEAR COLONEL: You no doubt are aware that General Hays has been authorized by Kirby Smith to surrender the State of Louisiana to the Federal forces. You are also aware that Kirby Smith has no troops to surrender, and that he has left the Governor of Texas free to surrender that State. General Kirby Smith has no troops. The Louisianians have mostly gone home and but few - very few - remain organized. Why, then, did he bluster and delay about surrendering? I will tell you. It was to give time tog et away with the grand emigration expedition, together with the immense train of transportation, ordnance, ammunition, and supplies belonging to the Confederacy. It is understood that General Preston made certain arrangements in Mexico (not with Juarez), and in accordance with arrangements General Buckner got 15,000 of the best fighting soldiers, mostly from Texas, Arkansas, and Missouri, to join and armed emigration movement for Mexico by the El Paso route. Thousands of wagons, mules, ordnance, and some specie compose the train. Each soldier has a good gun, revolver and cartridges enough in the train for a long campaign. All these immense supplies were seized by or given up to General Buckner by Kirby Smith. It is thought that Magruder, with a large volunteer force, will join Buckner, who is the chief of this emigrating expedition. Buckner is on the march with his 15,000 men, besides the largest transportation train ever known west of the Mississippi. The route he takes and the start he has will defeat any effort that could be made to check or stop him. I hear of thousands of returned soldiers who will follow and join their fortunes with Buckner and Mexico if harsh or stringent treatment toward them is determined on. A conciliatory policy will win most of these men back to the Union. An opposite policy drives them away forever. This Buckner emigration movement will involve the United States in war with France, Spain, and Austria, if England does not take a part. War is always terrible. At this time it would be a great calamity, but sooner than see a monarchial government firmly established on this continent I would welcome war to-morrow. I hope to live to see the day when no European Government shall hold one foot of American soil, and it will be a glad sound that crosses the ocean, shaking the thrones of 100 kings and telling to mourning Europe that young America from north to south is free. You can judge by these sentiments how anxiously I shall watch this military expedition headed by General Buckner, aided by many Confederate generals, colonels, subordinate officers of high merit, and 15,000 hardly volunteers, with a prospect of being joined by 20,000 or 30,000 more veterans of the same stamp. The whole movement becomes more significant when we see that most of the transportation, mules, horses, ordnance, cartridges, commissary supplies, small arms, and specie belonged to the Trans-Mississippi Confederate Government, [and] were either taken or given up just previous to the offer to surrender the State. Major-General Banks no doubt is well posted as to all the facts herein stated, yet I ask you to forward this letter to him. My policy is to get all our returned soldiers to work as soon as possible, and by a conciliatory course make them good citizens, and if need by they will fight with you for the maintenance of republican government rather than against us under a foreign flag. I entertain great respect for General Banks, and hope yet to prove my friendship for him, and would be pleased to bring this grand military emigration scheme to his attention.

