SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 71. Macon, Mo., April 8, 1865.

* * * * * * *

5. The company of volunteer militia of Howard County, Mo., commanded by Captain Warren W. Harris is hereby called into active service from this date.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,

Fort Riley, Kans., April 8, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Lois, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that I am now ready to move against the Indians, with the following exceptions: The pack animals and saddles have not yet arrived, nor can I learn from Fort Leavenworth when they will start for this post, and I yet lack 100 horses to mount my command. My estimate was for 350; the general wrote me he would send 400. Three hundred have arrived, quite a number with lung fever and distemper. I ought, therefore, to have 100 more at least, and fifty of them artillery. With this exception, my preparations are complete. The Indians still remain quiet and at their old camp ground, south of the Arkansas. They have not committed any depredations since the attack on train mentioned in my last. I start for Fort Larned in the morning, at which place I have rendezvoused all my available cavalry. A train of twenty-five wagons started with corn, commissary and quartermaster's stores for Fort Larned this morning. I am well supplied with everything that I could ask for, with the exceptions named above. It is almost impossible to make a successful campaign without the pack animals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

DENVER COLO. TER., April 8, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

Have ninety days' rations at Laramie. Are short here and at Kearny. Have no reports from other posts yet. Corn comes up slowly. Would recommend large supplies subsistence stores be forwarded to Laramie. Have no means of ascertaining quantity en route. Commanding officer at Laramie reports Cheyennes moving in two bodies southward. Have taken steps to intercept them.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 4. Denver, Colo. Ter., April 8, 1865.

The District of the Plains is hereby divided into the following named sub-districts:

I. The Territory of Colorado, excepting the post of Julesburg and Fort Halleck, Dak. Ter., will be known as the South Sub-District of the

