
to be organized at that post and escorted beyond. There has been no trouble whatever either on the Salt Lake or Santa Fe routes, except these last attacks within the settlements. These will be attended to.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, May 22, 1865.

Captain W. H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Brent and three colonels of the Confederate Army will be down to-night to Baton Rouge. Secure good rooms for them at the Harney House or some other place, and order supper at Victor's for to-night. We will reach Baton Rouge about 9 o'clock. These officers are commissioners on the surrender question, and I expect to make a trade with them.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 22, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 16th in relation to General Dodge's action in demanding and receiving the surrender of Jeff. Thompson. I assure you, general, that it was furthest from the thought either of General Dodge or myself to do anything in the slightest degree discourteous or disrespectful to you. The facts are simply these: There was great alarm in Southeast Missouri from apprehension of an invasion by Jeff. Thompson, who was supposed to be either over the border of Missouri or quite near to it, and many people in that section of country began to leave their homes and crowd into Cape Girardeau and elsewhere. I instructed General Dodge to send an officer to Thompson to demand his surrender. He accordingly did so, and the result is what you have already been informed by letter from me. I was absent when Thompson's reply reached Saint Louis, and for that reason General Dodge telegraphed you. It was not known when General Dodge sent his demand for surrender that any communication had been sent to Thompson by you, and as General Dodge's department was directly and immediately threatened by Thompson, who was supposed to be actually in Missouri, there seemed to be no impropriety in the course pursued. it was necessary to send some rations to Wittsburg and Jacksonport to meet Thompson's men, as the whole country is destitute in that vicinity, and a boat was sent from here, as I have written you, believing it to be most convenient. I wrote to request you to send two staff officers to represent you at the surrender. General Dodge is, and has been, acting under my immediate orders. I trust, general, that you will believe that I have to high a respect and regard for you to do what would in any manner be uncourteous or neglectful in anything which concerned you. Certainly I never dreamed of such a thing in this business.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

