HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

May 22, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, with instructions to send a detachment of troops to Searcy, and leaving it discretionary with me to send them from the Third Minnesota Volunteers or Thirty-sixth Iowa Volunteers. Since the surrender of Thompson and all the regular Confederate troops in the northern part of the State is certain, I am of the opinion that small detachments at the most important points on water communication is better than a concentration at one point, as the detachments will afford more general protection to the people against bushwhackers, jayhawkers, and guerrillas, who constitute all the armed force in the country. I see no reason why Colonel Mattson's force could not be distributed so as to afford ample protection to the whole country in the vicinity of White River. Their presence at important points would encourage the organization of militia companies, and their withdrawal, if found necessary at any time, would not be felt as would that of a large body. If the major-general commanding takes the same view of the case, I have to suggest that Colonel Mattson's headquarters, with four companies of infantry and one of cavalry, be removed from Batesville to Jacksonport, which is much the larger place of the two; that two companies be left at Batesville, two sent to Augusta, and two to Searcy. His cavalry can keep the intermediate country free of jayhawkers by patrolling from one point to another. I advise Jacksonport as the headquarters because of the difficulty of navigation above the mouth of Black River, a difficulty I was ignorant of until now. The water is falling rapidly in that vicinity, and some difficulty is apprehended in getting the post boat above Jacksonport after a few days. The two companies for Searcy will be taken from the Third Minnesota Volunteers, and as I shall not be able to start the boat until Friday of this week, the changes I have proposes can be made on the same trip if the general approves.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

ALEX. SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., May 22, 1865-3. 25 p. m.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

The following has just been received:

MAY 20, 1865.

General SHALER:

I will be at the pickets at two hours by sun to surrender my company as a part of General Shelby's command.

M. V. RAIBON,

Captain, Commanding Detached Company.

It will be necessary, therefore, colonel, to have the assistant provost-marshal-general come over on first train either to-day or to-morrow.

ALEX. SHALER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

