
SAINT LOUIS, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

The following dispatch is just received at these headquarters, and is forwarded for your information. *

The action of General Mitchell is approved.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 22, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

As a general rule the rebels are surrendering rapidly along the Arkansas border. A large number of men and several officers have taken, or are waiting to take, the oath at Cassville, and fully 300 have surrendered at Cassville and Pea Ridge. Many of these men are from Parsons' division, of Price's army. The band of guerrillas, however, that passed through Laclede County last week was the most blood-thirsty and savage that I have known or heard of during the war. They have killed all the men who have fallen into their hands, including the sheriff, the enrolling officer, and one other citizen of Laclede County; Lieutenant Johnson, of the Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers (Company L); a private soldier of the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, who, it seems, had straggled behind a team that was moving from Lebanon to Linn Creek, and eight other Union citizens living along the Little Niangua Creek. They did not capture the five soldiers that were with Lieutenant Johnson, as I at first reported, they having Remained outside the house and made their escape. Not less than 300 soldiers and citizens are in pursuit of this band, but up to Thursday night they had failed in every attempt to capture them, since which time I have had no report. At that time the band was moving toward Duroc. I have ordered the troops to pursue them to the Missouri River. Lyon and Krekel are reported to be the leaders of this band. If this band surrenders, all should be held for trial as murderers.

JOHN B. SANBORN.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 22, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I have just received the following dispatch from Major Consgrove, late of the Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry:

LEBANON, MO., May 22, 1865.

GENERAL: I have been requested by the citizens in the vicinity of North Prairie, Benton County, Mo., to get permission from you to organize a company of Missouri militia to scout from Warsaw to Linn Creek this summer. The rebels which passed there the other day killed fifteen men in that vicinity. If you cannot give me author-

---------------

*See Mitchell to Dodge, May 20, p. 523.

---------------

