
Plains, headquarters at Denver, Colo. Ter. Bvt. Brigadier General Guy V. Henry is assigned to the command. The Territory of Nebraska will be known as the East Sub-District of the Plains, headquarters at Fort Kearny, Neb. Ter. Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, is assigned to the command. All that portion of Dakota Territory, excepting Fort Halleck, lying west of the twenty-seventh degree of longitude, and formerly included in the District of Nebraska, and the post at Julesburg, Colo. Ter., will be known as the North Sub-District of the Plains, headquarters at Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter. Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, is assigned to the command. The Territory of Utah will be known as the West Sub-District of the Plains, headquarters at Camp Douglas, Utah. Lieutenant Colonel Milo George, First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, is assigned to the command.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, April 8, 1865.

(Received 10. 50 a. m. 9th.)

Major-General POPE:

Organized one Regiment. Companies leave as fast as organized.

S. MILLER.

MADISON, WIS., April 8, 1865.

(Received 10. 50 a. m. 9th.)

Major General JOHN POPE:

Fifty-first, Fifty-second, and Fifty-third Regiments now organizing, and will probably be completed by last of month. Are being sent forward by companies.

JAS. T. LEWIS,

Governor of Wisconsin.

TO OUR DEAR CAMPBELL, THE BLACKSMITH:

We want to know what the Americans intend to do. We sent three men to a fort on the Missouri to learn whether the Americans would make a treaty, or what they intended doing, but our people have not come back, nor have we learned what became of them. Again we sent off two other messengers to Fort Abercrombie, but there is no word from these either.

There are 1,400 tents of us between Devil's Lake and the Missouri alone, and in April next we expect 4,000 Sioux from across the Missouri to join us here at Dog's Tepee. Now, if we do not make peace with the Americans, we will spill our blood in Minnesota this summer. All we wish is that Sibley would fight like a warrior when he comes, and not make mud-holed and fire at the sky.

We want you to talk with our relations, the Red River people, for us. We call them friends and brothers because we are always treated well by them. The word of our grandmother [Queen Victoria] was always fair and strong, and for that reason we will listen and obey the English in what they tell us. Try and get some news and write to us as soon as you can.

