HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 22, 1865.

Major JOHN SMALL,

Commanding at Lebanon:

Order the forty men sent from here to Lebanon to return by slow marches. I have sent Captain Paul with a company of militia from Wright County to Hartsville and Mountain Store, with instructions to keep the country well scouted, and if he cannot resist the approach of guerrillas to inform you by couriers of their advance. Have your stock well taken care of, and when a band comes along attack and pursue them until they are destroyed if it takes a month. Subsist horses and men upon the country, giving receipts for all that is taken. Have all mounted men keep three days' field rations on hand and fifty rounds of ammunition, and be ready to mount and move off at a moment's notice. Keep small scouting parties for observation out south of you all the time to gather information and insure timely notice.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

LEBANON, MO., May 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Captain Kelly just returned. He did not overtake the rebels. They aimed to cross at Warsaw, and citizens from opposite side prevented them. They changed their course and crossed the Big Pomme de Terre, ten miles south of Warsaw. Captain Kelly went as far as the Pomme de Terre bridge; then returned to Warsaw; then returned to this place. Captain Sallee has not been heard from since he left here. He did not find Kelly and has not returned yet.

SMALL,

Major, Commanding.

LEBANON, May 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

It is reported here since dark that a band of 200 rebels were within eight miles of this place, said to be robbing a house north of here. I have some doubts of it being rebels, and think that the report may have grown out of the circumstances of Captain Kelly's men coming in from that way to-day. I sent out a small scout to ascertain the facts, and if I find is rebels I want permission to go for them myself.

SMALL,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 22, 1865-9. 25 a. m.

Captain CLARKE,

Macon:

Put the company of Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry at Macon on cars to-day and to-morrow, and send them to Fort Leavenworth to report to General Mitchell. They want to go well mounted.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

