
here will the remainder of the regiment move, or will I remain to receive the rest of the command as it arrives? I have some enlisted men under serious charges for stealing. Shall I forward such charges to your headquarters? I have received information that one of the transports was wrecked in the Missouri River. Some property lost, but no lives or horses. It is coming up on another boat.

D. J. HYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel D. J. HYNES,

Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Kansas City, Mo.:

Make a camp, awaiting orders. Have your command in readiness to move as directed. Ask the quartermaster if citizen transportation cannot be procured. What is your strength for duty? In what condition are your horses?

By order of General Mitchell:

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATCHISON, May 22, 1865-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

I have some troops now at Little Blue, and more coming down. I learn to-day at noon. I am in receipt of the following from Mr. Creighton:

Five hundred Indians attacked three crossings of Sweetwater to-day and destroyed telegraph line.

The more cavalry sent me the sooner the Indians can be punished.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

JULESBURG, COLO. TER., May 22, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR:

(Care Colonel Livingston, Kearny.)

On 20th 200 Indians attached detachment at Deer Creek Station and were repulsed, with a loss on their part of seven killed and several wounded. They succeeded in driving away with them twenty-two horses which were on herd. Colonel Plumb gave them chase with thirty men, but could not ford the river. Succeeded in killing one and wounding several. Indians came from north side of Platte, and have gone off northeast. One soldier killed. Moonlight says troops displayed great determination. A white man, supposed to be Beill Constock, formerly of Fort Laramie, seemed to have command of Indians. Captain Brown was at Rock Spring on 11th instant. Everything all right. Telegraphed you on 18th to Saint Louis and on 20th to Atchison.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

