
urday for further intelligence, hoping that you might have a report from your expedition that [went] up the Saint Peter's River. I hope to get an answer soon. I think my headquarters should be nearer to the scene of danger and difficulty. Your State is nearly surrounded with Indians that seem immovable. The friendly and hostile are intermixed so intimately the continued danger seems to me inevitable. Our posts on the rivers and on the Coteau must be in connection and co-operation, and nothing short of permanent arrangements of a system of defenses should be contemplated.

In view of this idea I have written to the Chief of Ordnance requesting him to furnish large supplies of ordnance to be stored at Fort Snelling. Quartermaster's stores will also be concentrated at that convenient post, and it is my desire to make that, and probably Fort Rice, our places of supplies for any and all emergencies. I have written your State adjutant-general, urging the complete organization and harmonious co-operation of militia, which must be considered a sort of reason which may be necessary to meet extraordinary emergencies. I shall also urge the establishment of a post at Devil's Lake, or the use of a considerable movable force for summer operations in that vicinity. These ideas, I think, generally conform to yours, and are the results of your observations and intelligence I have received from General Sully, whom I met at Dubuque. I am not in favor of any theory concerning Indian motives which ignores the common cause existing throughout our entire circumference of settlement-that of encroachment and natural hostilities of our races. Just as Minnesota increases she must encroach on Indian hunting ground, and for various reasons the Indians will steal cattle and commit murders. They got about sixty-eight head near Fort Rice last month. What they have done at Berthold and Fort Union we do not know, but the loss of two soldiers and so much stock, with the loss of only one Indian at that post, is calculated to encourage their efforts and demonstrate their desire to secure stock as their chiefs object of warfare. As Indian necessities must increase as we crowd upon their domain, their exertions will multiply and ours should be increased. I give my views more fully because I desire interchange of ideas and complete harmony. I have no pride of opinion in any personal views, and attach myself to no conjecture further than to guard against possibilities. General Pope expresses a design to visit Minnesota and to look into matters himself, and I trust if he does you will give him all possible information. I believe the locations and disposition of forces are just as he approved them last year. If we get more forces I shall still hope to have you or General Sully demonstrate against the hostile Indians near Devil's Lake, but this may not be possible, and I hope our active exertions interior may preserve the peace of the country. Write whenever intelligence arrives. I hope rain reached you. I found a surpluse at Dubuque. Please give my regards to your family.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa, Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: This letter will be handed to you by major Von Minden, who is ordered to report to you as topographical engineer. Upon your

