
arrival at Fort Randall or Fort Pierre, if you find it more desirable to go against Indians at Devil's Lake than to go west to Powder River, you are at liberty to go up to Fort Rice with your cavalry force and march from there against Indians at Devil's Lake. From your report that 3,000 lodges are coming in to Fort Rice to make peace, it is probable that there will be little need to go west this summer. Of that you an judge better than I. Of course they are getting up a stampede in Minnesota, as usual. A raiding party of a few Indians from Devil's Lake got into the settlements and committed some murders. Sibley has eighteen companies of cavalry and four of infantry. There were, according to the largest estimate, sixteen Indians. Yet Sibley calls for more troops. If this nest of hostile Indians at Devil's Lake can be broken up this summer it will be best for you to do so. Let me know what you decide upon as soon as you can, and go to work and do what you think most judicious without waiting for further orders from me. If it is absolutely necessary I will send up another regiment of cavalry, though I do not wish to send more troops if I can help it. I send you a bundle of papers relating to claims of Yankton Indians, or rather of Indian Agent Burleigh, for damages done them by soldiers. You can do nothing with them that I know of except turn them over to the Congressional committee examining into Indian affairs, with such statement concerning the troops in relation to the mater as may be necessary. Judge Hubbard, of Iowa, is, I think, chairman for Dakota and I believe him to be a just and honorable man. If you can make a treaty with the Indians at Fort Rice such as I have suggested, it will be well to do so and I trust you will not leave anything undone to effect this. Communicate to me immediately the course you intend to pursue this summer.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SIOUX CITY, IOWA, May 22, 1865.

(Received 5. 15 p. m. 24th.)

Colonel FRED. MYERS, Quartermaster:

The contractor for corn has failed in his contract; no corn here yet. The steamer Julia, with 8,000 bushels, sunk yesterday ten miles below here; also steamers Stonerd and Cora, with stores for me, have sunk; loss not yet known. I will send below and purchase corn; must have it immediately. Ordnance stores lost on Cora. Please report this, so that a duplicate of these stores be sent me immediately; I can's do without them.

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 23, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Washington, D. C.:

I received yesterday an application from General Brent, of the rebel army, commanding the lines immediately west of the Mississippi, asking for a suspension of hostilities pending negotiations with a view to surrender. The application was refused. To-day I am advised of the arrival at Baton Rouge of commissioners on the part of Kirby Smith,

