SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 166. New Orleans, May 23, 1865.

1. The post of Bonnet Carre Bend will be abandoned, and the troops now there will join the headquarters of the regiment at the Parapet. All public property not pertaining to the regiment will be sent to New Orleans and turned over to the proper depot officers. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

2. Company A, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Captain A. A. Ellis, will rejoin the headquarters of its regiment at Napoleonville without delay. Major Davis, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, will see to the prompt execution of this order. Major Davis will also station one company of his command at each of the telegraph stations opposite Donaldsonville and Plaquemine to guard those stations and to act as a police to the coast from Bayou Manchac to Bonnet Carre Bend. Lieutenant-Colonel Parkhurst, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, will rejoin his regiment at Napoleonville. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, La., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Brashear City, La.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that the occupation of Camp Bisland, in the case you have to abandon the post of Brashear, is approved, provided that your camp there would not be cut off from land communication by the overflowing of the Teche. You will inform the general the moment you decide. In the event he will probably send you an infantry regiment and some cavalry from another quarter. Acknowledge receipt.

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRASHEAR, May 23, 1865.

(Received 5. 10 p. m.)

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yours in regard to Camp Bisland is received. There is no means of retreat by land from Camp Bisland, as the waters are now overflowing the lands up toward Pattersonville. Neither is there any between here and Terre Boone, except on a little point leveed in at Bayou Boeuf Station. A good brigade in an intrenched camp at Camp Bisland, with our light battery and a few of the Parrott guns, ought to defend itself against the force at Alexandria, should they march against us, consisting of a brigade at Alexandria and one at Henderson's Hill, twelve miles above there. The force at Shreveport cannot make preparations and reach us by the time we can return-say the 10th of July. I am

36 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

