
in hope we shall not be compelled to move, but if we do a large share of the force in the district could be concentrated at Camp Bisland, which would then be almost the only point assailable to the enemy.

Yours, respectfully,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 23, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: Your report, in answer to instructions issued from these headquarters with regard to the reduction of certain garrisons and the evacuation of some places now occupied, is received, and I have the honor to state that you suggestions are approved by the major-general commanding the department. I am directed by him to inform you that be pleased to relieve and order to Baton Rouge the two regiments of colored troops under Colonel Dickey at Bayou Sara. The Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry will be removed from Claiborne's plantation and ordered to Baton Rouge. The other changes proposed can be made at your discretion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BATON ROUGE, May 23, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN:

Major-General Herron desires me to state that General Brent and several other officers of the Confederate Army are at his headquarters as commissioners from General Kirby Smith. He will have a conference with them soon and will communicate with Major-General Canby in relation to it by telegraph.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. STEVENS,

Aide-de-Camp.

BATON ROUGE, May 23 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Brigadier-General Brent with Colonels De Blanc and Burke, of the C. S. Army, are here desiring to communicate in regard to an arrangement for surrender. I have seen their papers and believe them authorized to act. I am assured that arrangements can be effected without delay on the same terms made by you with General Taylor. The arrangement in regard to Confederate Government cotton to be the same. If authorized by you to act I think I can arrange the matter satisfactorily.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

