
ernment has been moved from Brownsville to Matamoras, except some minor articles, for the removal of which to the same place ample preparations have been made. All cotton arriving at Brownsville from the interior of Texas is immediately hurried across the river into Mexico. An officer from Brownsville is within my line, by whom I shall send dispatches to General Slaughter and a secret letter to Colonel Ford. I suppose that the general has heard of a meeting of the arch-traitors, at which Jeff. Davis was present, at Austin on Thursday-last, the 18th instant, the results of which I have not heard. The report of the officers who brought in the flag will be forwarded as soon as received.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Mobile, Ala., May 23, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi, Vicksburg, Miss.:

The rebel officers from Johnson's Island are not included in the capitulation of Taylor's forces, and cannot, therefore, be paroled. Your reference to prisoners of war sent to you from New Orleans (see your communication of the 14th) was throughout to apply to those sent from Mobile Bay to Ship Island, and those to Vicksburg via New Orleans.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 23, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

Following dispatch from General Dodge just received. * General Connor, who commands Colorado and Nebraska and has charge of overland routes, is the very best and most active officer I have, and can be throughly trusted. Brigade of cavalry here not yet mounted. We have no others and send.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 23, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit, inclosed, a copy of a letter from General Curtis in relation to a late Indian raid in Minnesota. + That you may fully understand the situation there, it will be proper for me to make the following statement: Up to the time of the massacres in Minnesota in 1862 several tribes of Sioux Indians, now hostile, occupied the Upper Minnesota River, and were in immediate contact with the white settlements. The usual difficulties resulting from this

---------------

*See Dodge to Pope, May 22, p. 544.

+See Curtis to Bell, May 11, p. 412.

---------------

