
who has command of a band of Missouri thieves, to make his headquarters at Hamburg. They are stealing and plundering the Union people of all they possess, and unless we can get help to drive this band of thieves out of the country the people will not be able to save their wheat crop, which is their main dependence for bread in that section of country. We simply call your honor's attention to that section of the State, as it is under rebel rule, and we wish to see the counties organized and officered by true Union men. Your most obedient servant, &amp;c.,

W. Y DUCKWORTH.

JAS. MOFFATT.

C. W. GIBBS, M. D.

C. J. BRUNSON.

J. PRINGLE HARBISON.

A. J. ALLEN.

Z. J. WOOD.

C. C. ALLEN.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,May 23, 1865.

Colonel G. M. MITCHELL,

Commanding Fifty-fourth Illinois Veteran Infantry Volunteers:

SIR: In answer to your inquiries as to what terms the surrender of Confederate troops will be received, I am directed by the general commanding to say that the same terms are allowed that General Grant gave to General Lee. They are as follows: All arms and public property to be given up; officers to retain their side-arms (sabers); private property, which includes horses not bearing the U. S. mark, to be retained by officers and men. The applicant, Captain Burns, has been informed of the above from these headquarters, and advised to report to General M. Jeff. Thompson, at Jacksonport, on the 5th proximo, and surrender with him. He seems to be driving about to see where he can make the best bargain. The provost-marshal-general of the department will make out and issue the paroles, and the parties must either go to Little Rock or the provost-marshal must be sent for. Inclosed please find copy of letter sent to Captain Raibon in answer to his first application. * Burns was informed of the contents of this letter. Men found in arms after having taken the oath of allegiance should be arrested and sent to Little Rock for trial.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. W. PARRISEN,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 23, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

Captain Maybery and his men, who surrendered a few days ago, it was agreed between General Clayton and himself, should be paroled at this post, retaining their horses and side-arms. Captain Maybery claims if it is insisted upon his being forwarded to Little Rock that the terms

---------------

*See Howe to Railbon, May 19, p. 508.

---------------

