
continued around the point and down the river, will irrigate much good land for cultivation. Although there is much more timber in this vicinity than at Fort McRae, I am of the opinion that adobes are the best and most suitable material with which to build the post. The corral could be built of timber, should it be found sufficient and suitable in quantity and quality. Captain Whitlock reports that a man has offered to deliver at the roadside good peeled pine logs from Tularosa sufficient for Vegas, &amp;c., at $1 each log, taking them as they come, long and short. There is ample area of good ground for the post at the point selected. I have staked the street between the quarters and corrals according to the plan sixty feet wide, running north and south. I suggest that the officers' quarters be in the plan changed to the opposite side, which will put the troops on the lower side, as the ground lies, and nearer the river. I recommend a reserve of three miles on the river and one mile back, exclusive of the land west of a right line drawn between points on the river, be embraced in the post reserve, but the United States should claim and hold the timber for a greater distance. I recommend that a company be sent to the locality at once, establish there a permanent camp, open the asequia to supply water for the post and for making adobes, and that the men make the adobes. I would also recommend that Captain Cook's company, now at Albuquerque, be the company selected for this purpose, it being one of the largest in this department, and the men of which are reported experienced in making adobes, to which may be added Captain Cook is desirous of going there, and promises to enter into the work with spirit and make the adobes as fast as possible. This arrangement with Captain Carey, U. S. Army, to have charge and construct this post, if he can be spared-and no better officer or man can be found for this duty-will, I feel assured, cause the buildings to be completed in less time and expense to the Government and more satisfactorily than to build by contract or otherwise.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

TIGERVILLE, LA., April 9, 1865.

Captain GEORGE BUTTRICK,

Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry:

SIR: I have the honor to report, as the result of the expedition up Bayou Cocodrie and its tributaries, April 8, 1865, the acquisition of one large skiff capable of carrying ten men, and one light yawl capable of carrying five or six men. We found the boats at the head of a bayou which empties in the Cocodrie eight or ten miles from Bayou Black. I have appended a map* which though imperfect will give a general idea of the direction taken. The boats were evidently left there by parties coming from the outside of our lines who are probably now at some convenient point making preparations to return, and as a mail-boat is deemed of very great importance, it appears to me very reasonable that this may have been used for that purpose, being a quick and comparatively safe way to the rebel lines. The trail leading from the place where the boats were fastened was not very distinctly marked. However, I sent a small party on the trail to see if they could

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

