
of his agreement are broken, and asks to be sent outside of lines, not with the view of taking up arms again, but to join other Confederate forces to surrender again. He is willing his men should turn over their arms, and claims it was agreed upon the men should retain their horses to return to their homes in Louisiana. Please give me instructions.

JOHN EDWARDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General CLAYTON,

Pine Bluff:

The paroles of Captain Maybery and men surrendered may be executed by your provost-marshal, who will make careful return to the provost-marshal-general of the department. The return must show full name, place of residence, rank, date of surrender and of discharge. The horses belonging to the men may be restored to them. Commissioned officers may return their arms, but the arms of the men must be surrendered. Your staff officers must take up and account for all property surrendered.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 23, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth:

General Fisk has received orders assigning him to duty in Freedmen's Bureau in charge of Kentucky and Tennessee. Should not either General Spalding or General Hammond be placed in command of District of North Missouri?

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., May 23, 1865.

Major W. C. LEE FEVER,

District Inspector:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs that you will proceed on the 24th instant, via Licking, Texas County, Mo., to Thomasville, or such other points within the district as may be necessary, for the purpose of communicating with any and all leaders of bands of rebels with a view to their surrender. In treating with the leaders of these bands you will be governed strictly by telegraphic instructions from the major-general commanding Department of the Missouri, dated Saint Louis, May 21, 1865 (copy of which is herewith inclosed*), and no other than the terms therein prescribed can be offered or entertained. You will take with you a sufficient supply of blank paroles, also a book wherein to record the taking of the oath prescribed by the President of the United States in his proclamation of December 8, 1863 (copies of which are herewith inclosed), and will endeavor to convey to all lead-

---------------

*See Dodge to Morrill, 11. 30 a. m., p. 528.

---------------

