
Taking this view of Fort Snelling, I am glad to see quite ample arrangements have been made and its location is admirable. No news buildings are now needed and a small garrison will be sufficient to guard prisoners and stores. Invalids are being rapidly mustered out and everything in the army is being reduced to a peace standard. It will be necessary, however, to retain a large military force in the South to protect loyal Union men against the malicious resentments of the slave power, and to support them in efforts to establish a loyal local government in every community. Our Indian frontier must also require more force as our people, since the commencement of war and then we gold discoveries, are everywhere more in conflict and therefore more in strife with the Indian tribes. We must not, therefore, be too fast in our desire to get rid of military force. Armies, like constables and sheriffs, are necessary burdens on us to keep the peace. I am by no means desirous to retain a needless man or incur dollar's useless expensive constructions and expenditures. I have no control of most of the staff matters, as these are generally carried on through direct orders from Washington, but my influence is generally sufficient to secure proper changes, and I always take occasion to report what seems unnecessary concerning their economical administrations of affairs within my command. I am glad to receive suggestions from citizens who have no connection with official matters, if their outside position gives them intelligence of real or supposed errors, as I am anxious not only not to do wrong but to retain a generous popular sympathy toward those who have to perform painful, responsible, and difficulty military duties. Such are the duties now devolving on soldiers. The glory of victorious strife is over-I hope for ages. The administrative duties now devolved on the Army are every way thankless and often misunderstood, still it is our duty to labor faithfully and earnestly and hope for the patience and forbearance due to human frailty.

I remain, my dear sir, yours, very truly,

S. R. CURTIS.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., May 23, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. No late murders reported. From Wadsworth, 14th instant, that there are small war parties on their way down, and a great assemblage of Indians at Turtle Mountain. They threaten attack on Forts Rice, Wadsworth, Abercrombie, and the settlements. My troops all stationed at exposed points. Indians reported six soldiers killed at Fort Rice.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 23, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Brevet Major-General SULLY,

Sioux City, via Omaha:

Have sent a steamer from here to Fort Rice with 200,000 rations for your expedition to Devil's Lake. Furnish necessary escort to surveyor-general of Nebraska for some surveys in Niobrara region. Answer.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

