
detect anything more to our purpose, but they soon returned, stating that the water increased in depth the farther they went, but learned nothing additional. The whole distance traveled after leaving Bayou Black did not present a spot of dry land of any size. The timber is of large growth and chiefly of cypress, live oak, and gum. The eleven men who were seen in one skiff on Bayou Cocodrie were going down instead of up the bayou, as I learned from Mr. Shirley, who is engaged at rafting logs from the Cocodrie and saw them when they passe.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL H. REESE,

First Lieutenant, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 9, 1865.

Colonel KUHN,

Alton:

As soon as the companies of Fifth U. S. Volunteers are clothed and equipped send them to Fort Leavenworth to report to commanding officer at that place. How long before they can start? If you have no arms they can draw them here or at Fort Leavenworth.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, HUMBOLDT, KANS., April 9, 1865.

Lieutenant W. H. HEWETT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: I have just received a dispatch from Captain Donovan, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, requesting me to send him immediately 5,000 rounds of Sharps cartridges, 2,000 rounds of army and 1,000 rounds of navy revolver cartridges. He also states that there is a force of Stand Watie's Indians and white men at the junction of Whitewater and Walnut Creek, about 600 strong. I have barely enough ammunition for the troops at this post, but I will try and send him a few thousand at any rate. Please send immediately some ammunition to this post; also, if you can spare them, a few mountain howitzers and another company or two companies of troops. The above statement of Captain Donovan has been confirmed by other parties who came from below.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. HAAS,

Major, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT RILEY, April 9, 1865 - 11 a. m.

Major-General DODGE:

GENERAL: The following report has just been received:

THE MOUTH OF LITTLE WALNUT, OSAGE RIVER,

April 7, 1865 - 4 p. m.

General JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding Upper District of Arkansas:

SIR: The rebels and Big Hill Osage Indians are coming into the southeast part of your district in strong force. They killed one man in the camp of the Delawares, but told those Indians they wanted to be friends with all the Indian tribes; that

