HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 24, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

I ordered Major Moore, commanding at Cassville, to send, through a spy or a flag of truce, and ascertain what Colonel Coffee designed to do yesterday. As soon as I hear from him I will make a formal demand for him to surrender, unless he should propose to surrender without, or such course should appear useless. Some of his men have been quite hostile, cutting the wire and shooting at the telegram repairers.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 24, 1865.

Major JAMES M. MOORE,

Commanding, Cassville, Mo.:

If you have not already done so you will send out a flag of truce to Colonel Coffee, with the information in writing that General Jeff. Thompson surrendered all the troops in Northern Arkansas on the 11th instant, to be paroled at Wittsburg on the 29th instant, and at Jacksonport on the 6th [5th] of June next. Demand his surrender upon the same terms as those upon which General Lee surrender to General Grant. Inform me as soon as possible what Colonel Coffee's action is, and Tuck Smith's. If they desire to come into Cassville to be paroled I will have blanks printed here and they can do so.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CASSVILLE, May 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

I have the honor to inform you that I have sent a female down to see Colonel Coffee, if possible, and ascertain his intention. She will state to the colonel the terms on which he can surrender. General, I will say to you after this that if you still want me to go down with a flag of truce, that all is right; just let me know.

J. M. MOORE,

Major, Commanding.

LEBANON, May 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

A reliable citizen came in last night and reported thirty rebels fifteen miles north of this place. Major Small took forty-five men and started after them at 2 o'clock last night. He will let me know as soon as he gets after them, and then I shall start to head them off. I will let you know as fast as I hear from Small.

JOHN A. GIDEON,

Post Adjutant.

