
they were rebels, were going through Kansas and kill all the white men, women and children they came across. The Shawnees and Delawares don't want to be friends with them and are falling back on the settlements. The settlers in Walnut Creek and Whitewater have all left their homes and gone up the headwaters of Walnut. The Shawnee interpreter told me that those Indians boasted a good deal about their being secesh, and said there was a heap more coming.

SAMUEL PEPPARD,

Scout.

Nearly all of my cavalry are west, at Fort Larned. I have sent down to ascertain the truth of this report. I am not inclined to believe it all. I think it is exaggerated.

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General.

FORT RILEY, April 9, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

I am ready to start my expedition. Pack trains, &amp;c., arrived last night. Colonel Leavenworth is on his way to make a treaty of peace with the Indians. Is it the intention to make peace before punishing them? These Indians are just as guilty as those on the Platte.

J. H. FORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., April 9, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have just had and interview with Colonel Leavenworth. He starts to-morrow to visit the Indians. His object is to separate the Comanches and Little Raven's band of Arapahoes from the Kiowas. He is confident that these bands will keep the peace. It places me in a difficult position. He starts on a peaceful mission at the same time I start on a campaign against them, and as these Indians are all camped together it would be impossible for me to distinguish between the different tribes. I forward telegram from him direct to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT RILEY, April 9, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

After an interview with General Ford at this place to-day, I would respectfully request that he may be instructed to await with his command a short time, or until I can effect a separation of the Comanches, and Little Raven's band of Arapahoes from the Kiowas, for which camps I start immediately. The result of visit shall be reported promptly to General Ford.

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Military Indian Agent.

