HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,New Orleans, La., May 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this officer this 25th day of May, 1865: Captain J. B. Hoit, provost-marshal at Devall's Bluff, Ark., reports by letter, under date of May 18, 1865, as follows: The rebel troops in Prairie, White, and Jackson Counties, under command of Captain Raibon, propose to surrender on Wednesday, the 24th instant, at this post. Captain Maybery, who for some time past has been working in Monroe and Arkansas Counties, surrendered at Pine Bluff last week, thus leaving this portion of the State free from any organized force. Robert Harris, a scout in the employ of this office, reports that Mr. John H. Hancock, special officer in employ of Captain James, informed him (Harris) of the existence in our lines of a secret society of rebels known as "The Sons of the South," "Sons of Liberty," "Knights of the Black Cross," &amp;c. Mr. Hancock furthermore said that one of the order informed him yesterday (24th) that he had that day been sworn in as a member; that he had the nature of the oath, objects of the organization, &c., and could at any time produce the man who swore him in. Many Federal officers and soldiers, some with rank of colonel, are said to be connected with the society.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK N. WICKER,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 59. New Orleans, La., May 25, 1865.

Military commanders in this division are authorized to loan to the destitute inhabitants within the limits of their commands such portions of the captured means of transportation as may be needed by them for purposes of cultivation. Care must be taken in this case, as in the issue of subsistence, to see that these means of relief are applied to the benefit of those only who have no other means of supplying their necessities.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 138. New Orleans, May 25, 1865.

* * *

4. The Thirteenth Massachusetts Battery will proceed without delay to Brazos Santiago, Tex., and report for duty to Brigadier General E. B. Brown, U. S. Volunteers, commanding U. S. forces at that station. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

