HDQRS. COMPANY E, FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOL. CAVALRY,Osage Catholic Mission, Kans., May 25, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES W. BLAIR,

Commanding Sub-Dist. Numbers 1, Dist. of South Kansas, Fort Scott, Kans.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I was waited upon last evening by a messenger from a detachment of Indians upon the plains about 300 miles west of this post, requesting to know upon what terms they would be allowed to surrender. I returned them word by the same messenger that they would be received upon the same terms as those accorded to General Lee. I also have to report that the bushwhackers are becoming more bold every day. Only the day before yesterday there came within four miles of this post a body of fifty. The Indians who have been below surprised and drove in one of their picket-posts on Spring River. As soon as I can mount my command I propose to start with it and about 250 Osages and hunt up and drive out this band. At present I can do nothing. Being dismounted I am powerless. Let me know by messenger as soon as the horses arrive at Scott, and oblige.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CURTIS JOHNSON,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 25, 1865-1. 35 p. m.

General DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth:

A full brigade of Michigan cavalry, fully equipped and with horses, was shipped yesterday from Washington by rail. I will forward it immediately to you at Leavenworth. Let me hear often from you about overland routes and Indians.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

LEAVENWORTH, May 25, 1865.

(Received 9. 30 a. m. 26th.)

Major-General POPE:

General Connor telegraphs that Indians attacked stage station on Green River, west of Bridger's Pass, and carried off their stock. He will have to garrison every station to Salt Lake, and is now doing so. Please have that brigade sent direct to Fort Leavenworth. This is the first time the Indians west of the mountains have molested us. They, it appears, are in the combination. Have heretofore been at peace. I don't like the attitude of the Mormons. I can see their hand in the move.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 25, 1865.

Major BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have any of those regiments got their horses yet? Send only one regiment until you hear from me.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

