
FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 25, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Saint Louis:

Only two companies of Fifty-third Wisconsin have come here. Order the other two relieved, or the rest of the regiment, and send up immediately.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 25, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to represent to you that several bands of rebels have lately passed through Benton County, Mo., killing Union men and committing many depredations, and it is feared that we may during the summer have similar raids through our section, we being on the main road leading north toward the Missouri River. To avert this I would very respectfully recommend that a company of Federal troops be stationed at Warsaw, Mo., to protect the crossing of the Osage River at that point, and, inasmuch as we have invariably had trouble with all Missouri State troops that have been stationed there (they having some friends to reward or enemies to persecute), I would further recommend that troops from some other State be stationed there, with explicit and positive orders not to interfered with the citizens or the execution of the civil law except in cases where the civil officers are not able to execute any process with a posse of citizens, our object being to get the civil law in full operation. If the foregoing recommendation meets your approval, I think the interest of the Government, as well as of all law-abiding citizens there, would be greatly promoted by sending a company to Warsaw as soon as it can be done without detriment to other points.

I am, general, truly, your obedient servant,

RICHD. H. MELTON.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 25, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, who is requested to station a company of U. S. Volunteers from some other State than Missouri at Warsaw.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, May 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Chester Harding, commanding District of Central Missouri, who will carry into effect the wishes of Major-General Pope, commanding Military Division of the Missouri.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

D. G. SWAIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

