
SAINT LOUIS, May 25, 1865.

Captain W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Barnes has assigned Brevet Brigadier-General Spalding to the command of North Missouri. He will probably assume command very soon. Please pack all my private property at once. Be careful and secure all my books of every description, saddles, bridles, halters, clothing, maps, &amp;c. I shall make immediate application for your transfer to my department. It will do Lieutenant Hayward good to go East with me. I have therefore directed him to join me at Boston without delay. Let him start at once.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CARROLLTON, MO., May 25, 1865.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Macon City, Mo.:

A party of guerrillas passed down through the north part of our county or in the edge of Livingston last Saturday; killed two men. There were eleven in the squad, supposed to be commanded by Jim Anderson. This morning about 9 o'clock a squad of eight passed up in the south part of this county going in the direction of Richmond. I sent a detachment of men after them. No news of the progress as yet, this 8 p. m. The guerrillas did no mischief in going up as yet learned. Inclosed please find monthly report, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HOOVER,

Captain, Commanding Company Missouri Militia.

Per J. M. FARIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, May 25, 1865.

Governor ISAAC MURPHY,

Little Rock, Ark.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your address to the people of Arkansas, dated May 10, has been received by me, and calls to my recollection our early trials in the progress of the great rebellion, and renews my earnest hope that your people may resume their devotion to our old flag and receive the advantages which they enjoyed under it in the former years of their prosperity. The national power has been so gloriously vindicated, and the infamy and folly of the rebellion so signally displayed, the intelligent masses of the South can return with a kind of pride to their old allegiance, as children to a just and generous parent, who has chastised them as they deserved. In a recent campaign against Price I passed over our old fields of Cross Timber, Cross Hollow, Sugar Creek, and Pea Ridge, and deplored the havoc and waste that I earnestly sought to avert from a country that was originally opposed to secession and desired to resist the tyranny that drove the State finally into rebellion. Surely all hearts and hands will now rally in support of their own Government, which has displayed such power and magnanimity as to command the respect of her children and the admiration of the world. I know the trials you have encountered, and rejoice to see

