
DENVER, April 9, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Sixteenth Kansas has arrived at Cottonwood, and Third U. S. at Kearny. I have sent them their orders. Are you sending any more troops?

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., April 9, 1865.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding East Sub-District of the Plains, Cottonwood Springs, Colo. Ter.:

You will order distribution of Third U. S. Volunteers as follows: The companies at each of the following posts, Kearny, Cottonwood, Julesburg Junction, and Laramie. The headquarters of the Regiment

will be at Julesburg. The whole of Nebraska is in your sub-district, headquarters at Kearny.

By command:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo, Ter., April 9, 1865.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Plains, Denver, Colo. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from Brigadier-General Connor, commanding District of the Plains, I submit the following statement as to how the First Regiment Colorado Mounted Militia was raised: When I assumed command of this district (in obedience to general orders from headquarters Department of Kansas, on the 4th of January last) I found but about 200 soldiers, all told, under my command, and they were scattered from Fort Garland, in Costilla County, to Julesburg. I had passed over the route from Julesburg but three days when the Indians, knowing the helplessness of our condition (the Third Regiment Colorado Cavalry having been mustered out immediately on their return to Denver after the Sand Creek affair), and smarting under the treatment they had received at the hands of the U. S. officers, while climbing to be under their protection at Fort Lyon (I have reference to the great battle or massacre at Sand Creek), determined to possess themselves of our lines of communication eastward and cut this Territory off completely, as well as the settlements westward; kill all men, women, and children whom they found in retaliation for those of the same age, sex, and condition killed by Colonel Chivington at Sand Creek. Cut off as I was from all communication with department headquarters except by telegraph at times, and receiving no answer to my m any inquiries as to what I should do, and whether I would be supported, I determined to remain passive no longer. On the 8th [6th] of February I proclaimed martial law as per General Orders, Numbers 10,* herewith inclosed, and called for six companies of mounted militia of sixty men each, to open communication with the east, and keep it open, as well as to protect the lives and property of

---------------

* See Part I, p. 763.

---------------

