
that you have survived your son's afflictions so as to see our national triumphs. I hope a few of your dear family have been spared to share your success. I have half of mine. I could wish that public cares could be less heavy than they still may be for you, but hope a kind Providence will continue to sustain you in guiding the ship of state into a haven of rest. I have watched your progress anxiously ever since we were separated by change of command, and I shall continue to do so with earnest prayers for your success, which I hope may long be enjoyed by you and your posterity.

I remain, governor, your friend and servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SIOUX CITY, May 25, 1865.

Major-General CURTIS:

Fifteen Indians drove off fifty head of animals at Vermillion. the soldiers pursued them ten miles; recovered the stock; no one hurt; Cheyenne Indians. The Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Brules, and Blackfeet, 10,000 warriors, at Bear Butte, on the Big Cheyenne, waiting to fight me. If it should be necessary, could you send rations for me to the Red River?

SULLY,

General.

Terms of military convention entered into this 26th day of May, 1865, at New Orleans, La., between General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding the Department of Trans-Mississippi, and Major General E. R. S. Canby, U. S. Army, commanding the Army and Division of West Mississippi, for the surrender of the troops and public property under the control of the military and naval authorities of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

I. All acts of war and resistance against the United States on the part of the troops under General Smith shall cease from this date.

II. The officers and men to be paroled until duly exchanged or otherwise released from the obligation of their parole by the authority of the Government of the United States. Duplicate rolls of all officers and men paroled to be retained by such officers as may be designated by the parties hereto, officers giving their individual paroles and commanders of regiments, battalions, companies, or detachments signing a like parole for the men of their respective commands.

III. Artillery, small-arms, ammunition, and other property of the Confederate States Government, including gun-boats and transports, to be turned over to the officers appointed to receive the same on the part of the Government of the United States. Duplicate inventories of the property to be surrendered to be prepared, one copy to be retained by the officer delivering and the other by the officer receiving it, for the information of their respective commanders.

IV. The officers and men paroled under this agreement will be allowed to return to their homes, with the assurance that they will not be disturbed by the authorities of the United States as long as they continue to observe the conditions of their parole and the laws in force where they reside, except that persons resident in the Northern States,

