
and not excepted in the amnesty proclamation of the President, may return to their homes on taking the oath off allegiance to the United States.

V. The surrender of property will not include the side-arms or private horses or baggage of officers.

VI. All horses which are in good faith the private property of enlisted men will not be taken from them. The men will be permitted to take such with them to their homes, to be used for private purposes only.

VII. The time, mode, and place of paroling and surrender of property will be fixed by the respective commanders, and it will be carried out by commissioners appointed by them.

VIII. The terms and conditions of this convention to extend to all officers and men of the Army and Navy of the Confederate States, or any of them being in or belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department.

IX. Transportation and subsistence to be furnished at public cost for the officers and men (after being paroled) to the nearest practicable point to their homes.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.

(For General E. Kirby Smith.)

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.

(For Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.)

Approved:

ED. R. S. CANBY

Major-General, Commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi.

[First indorsement.]

GALVESTON HARBOR, June 2, 1865.

Approved, understanding that by the provision of this convention C. S. officers observing their paroles are permitted to make their homes either in or our of the United States.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General. .

[Second indorsement.]

This question was raised by General Smith's commissioners, but I declined to make any stipulation with regard to it, because I had no authority to determine the policy of the Government in any question of this kind.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

SUPPLEMENTAL ARTICLES.

I. The troops and property to be surrendered within the limits of the Division of the Missouri will be turned over to commissioner appointed by the commander of that division.

II. The men and material of the C. S. Navy will be surrendered to commissioners appointed by the commanders of the Mississippi and West Gulf Squadrons, respectively, according to the limits in which the said men and materials may be found.

III. If the U. S. troops designated for the garrisons of interior points should not reach their destination before the work of paling is com-

