
pleted, suitable guards will be detailed for the protection of the public property. These guards, when relieved by U. S. troops, will surrender their arms and be paroled in accordance with the terms of this convention.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.

(For General E. K. Smith.)

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.

(For Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding Military Division of West Mississippi.)

Approved:

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi.

Approved:

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

[For correspondence of General Pope and Colonel Sprague with General E. Kirby Smith, and "Memorandum" for the Marshall (Tex.) conference of the Confederate governors of Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri, and Texas, &amp;c., relating to the surrender of the Confederate forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department, see Part I, pp. 186-194.]

ADDENDA.

WASHINGTON CITY, June 15, 1866.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: My signature ratifying the articles of convention surrendering the troops under my command in the Trans-Mississippi Department to Major-General Canby has always been regarded by me as a parole, and has honestly and conscientiously been observed as such. In November of 1865 I took the amnesty oath, the provost-marshal declining to take my parole, declaring, after the above circumstances were stated by me that the parole was not required and would be superfluous. The same view was taken by U. S. officers whom I consulted, in which number was Major-General Hitchcock.

As I desire to go to Kentucky and Tennessee and engage in business, and lest I might there be placed in false position, I would again most respectfully express my readiness to sign a parole of the same for and nature as that required of the officers surrendering under my command, and request that this document be placed on record as evidence of a desire on my part to comply fully with all that could required of me under the terms of surrender.

I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, May 26, 1865. (Received 3 p. m. 27th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

The arrangements for the surrender of the Confederate forces in the Trans-Mississippi Department have been concluded. They include the men and material of both army and navy, and the Confederate military

