
authorities will use their influence and authority to see that public property in the hands of the agents of the late rebel Government are duly surrendered to the U. S. authorities. I have arranged for the surrender of the troops and property within the limits of the Division of Missouri to the commander of that division, and ask General Pope to designate the commissionaires. I think it advisable, in order to prevent any possible complication on the Mexican frontier, that Steele's command should be sent to the Rio Grande without waiting for the Twenty-fifth Corps, if that should now be sent. If you approved, this will be done and I can at once add 4,000 colored to his command. Cavalry will be needed, but it cannot be sent by sea, but may march from Berwick Bay.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WEST GULF SQUADRON, U. S. FLAG-SHIP STOCKDALE,

Off Mobile, [May 26, 1865*].

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I received a dispatch from Texas from Colonel Ashbel Smith, commanding at Galveston, to say that General Magruder would send a commissioner to New Orleans who desired to see you. I immediately ordered Captain Sands, senior officer on the coast, to dispatch this commissioner at once to New Orleans in one of our fast vessels, and on his arrival I would like to be present, if agreeable to you, to negotiate for any naval surrender which the rebels may have for me. I have a vessel in readiness to convoy your troops if you will please advise me of time and place of departure, which may be arranged when I see you at New Orleans. I shall probably go to Texas in the steamer R. R. Cuyler which I have here but after going to New Orleans. I furnished General Garnger with the information at 6 a. m. to-day.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding West Gulf Squadron.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 26, 1865.

Rear-Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Mobile, Ala.:

The arrangement in regard to matters west of the river is so far completed that the necessary papers will in all probability be signed at a convention to be held this afternoon. I have invited Captain Greene to represent you on the occasion.

E. R. S. CANBY.

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 26, 1865.

Admiral H. K. THATCHER,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, Mobile Bay:

By the terms of the convention entered into to-day the men and material of the C. S. Navy in the Trans-Mississippi Department are to

---------------

*May have been written May 24. See Granger to Christensen, p. 581.

---------------

