
be surrendered to the Mississippi and West Gulf Squadrons. As the commissioners desire to return at once, I well as Captain Greene to act for you. Will you please confirm this?

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Admiral Lee, substituting Captain Foster's name of Captain Greene.)

NEW ORLEANS, May 26, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to represent to you that I have authority from four of the banks of this city (The Canal, Louisiana State, Mechanics and Traders', and Crescent City) to search for and when found to take possession of and cause to be conveyed to this city the coin belonging to them, which in April, 1862, was sent off from here under orders of Governor Moore. Assuming that the pressure of more important business upon your attention has prevented your acting as you proposed in the issuance of a general order covering this case, and the parties concerned being rendered somewhat anxious by information touching their interests which has recently reached them, I take the liberty of respectfully requesting you to grant me such passes or safe-conduct as will enable me to undertake the business intrusted to me, in the prosecution of which I may have occasion to go as far as some points in the State of Virginia.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. WEST.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 61. New Orleans, La., May 26, 1865.

I. By the terms of a convention entered into this day, on the part of General E. K. Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, and Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi, the forces, military and naval, of the Trans-Mississippi Department, and the public property under their control, have been surrendered to the authorities of the United States.

In carrying out the stipulations of this convention the following conditions will be observed:

1. All acts of hostility on the part of both armies are to cease from this date.

2. The officers and men of the Confederate Army and Navy within the limits of the Trans-Mississippi Department, to be paroled until duly exchanged or otherwise released from the obligations of their paroles by the authority of the Government of the United State. Duplicate rolls of all officers and men paroled to be retained by such officers as may be designated by the parties to this convention, officers giving their individual paroles and commanders of regiments, battalions, companies, or detachments signing a like parole for the men of their respective commands.

3. Artillery, small-arms, ammunition, and other property of the Confederate Government, including gun-boats and transports, to be turned over to the officers appointed to receive them on the part of the

