
Government of the United States. Duplicate inventories of the property to be surrendered to be prepared, one copy to be retained by the officer delivering and the other by the officer receiving it, for the information of their respective commanders.

4. The officers and men paroled under this agreement to be permitted to return to their homes, with the assurance that they will not be disturbed by the authorities of the United States so long as they continue to observe the conditions of their paroles and the laws in force where they reside. Persons, residents of Northern States, and not excepted in the amnesty proclamation of the President, will be permitted to return to their homes on taking the oath of allegiance to the United States. See paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 55, current series*.

5. The surrender of property will not include the side arms or private horses of baggage of officers, nor the horse which are, in good faith, the private property of enlisted men. These last will be allowed to take their horses to their homes to be used for private purposes only.

6. The time, mode, and place of paroling and surrender of property will be fixed by the respective commanders, and will be carried out by commissioners appointed by them.

7. The terms and conditions of this convention to extend to all officers and men of the Army and Navy of the Confederate States, being in or belonging to the Trans-Mississippi Department.

8. The troops and property to be surrendered within the limits of the Division of Missouri will be turned over to commissioners appointed by the commander of that division, and the men and material of the Navy to commissioners appointed by the commanders of the Mississippi and West Gulf Squadrons, respectively, according to the limits in which the said men and material may be found.

9. Transportation and subsistence te be furnished at public cost to the officers and men (after being paroled) to the nearest practicable point to their homes.

10. If the U. S. troops designated for the garrison of interior points should not reach their destinations before the work of paroling is completed, suitable guards will be detailed for the protection of the public property. These guards, when relieved, will surrender their arms and be paroled in accordance with the terms of this convention.

II. The U. S. troops sent into the interior of the country will be kept well in hand, in a state of the most exact discipline, and in constant readiness for any service which they may be called upon to perform. When detachments are made for the purpose of protecting the inhabitants against jayhawkers and other lawless characters, and on all marches through the country, the conduct of officers and men must be such as to inspire the people with confidence and respect, and no depredations, however slight, or interference with the citizens in their lawful pursuits will be permitted.

III. To guard against the waste or loss of public property not under the control of the Confederate military and naval authorities, the civil officers or agents in charge of such property will be regarded as in the service of the United State until relieved by the proper officers or agents of that Government. All sales of such property, or transfers, except to the authorized agents of the Government, are forbidden, and any attempt to conceal or withhold it will work the immediate forfeiture of any privatmay be involved.

---------------

*Page 534.

---------------

