
IV. Private property will not be interfered with unless required for "public use", and where this necessary it will be taken in an orderly and regular manner, under the orders of the commanding officer, and the proper receipts will be given. Property se received will be disposed of and accounted for as any other public property.

V. 1. Until the commercial restrictions and the blockade of the Gulf ports are removed by the President no foreign or general commerce with those ports or with the interior of the country west of the Mississippi (within the limits of this division) can be permitted, and trade will be limited to the wants of the Army and Navy and the necessities of the inhabitants within the limits of military occupation. To the extent of these necessities military permits and clearances may be given for supplies not prohibited by existing orders, but no permit or clearance will be given to any point that is not occupied by a military or naval force.

2. In the neighborhood of military posts the inhabitants may freely bring in their produce and take out such supplies as may be required for plantation and family use. Live-stock, provisions of all kinds, fuel, and other products and material required by the Army and Navy, or for the use of the inhabitants, may be freely sold in open market; but no other products of insurrectionary districts can be sold or shipped, except by delivery to the quartermaster's department for consignment to a purchasing agent of the Treasury Department.

3. No trade stores or trade permits for the interior will be permitted or organized until the regulations of the Treasury Department can be extended over the country to be occupied, and until then no clearances or permits will be granted for any point that is not occupied by the troops of the United States.

VI. Under the authority of the Executive order of April 29, 1865, all "well-disposed persons" who accept in good faith the President's invitation "to return to peaceful pursuits" are assured that they may resume their usual avocations, not only without molestation, but, if necessary, under the protection of the U. S. troops, conforming to the regulations of the Treasury Department, and to the additional condition of not fabricating or dealing in articles contraband of war.

By order of Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 142. New Orleans, La., May 26, 1865.

* * * *

5. The following-named officers will report to Major General F. Steele, U. S. Volunteers, for duty: Bvt. Major General C. C. Andrews, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James R. Slack, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel S. L. Glasgow, Twenty-third Iowa Infantry; Colonel Charles Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel L. H. Whittlesey, Eleventh Infantry; Bvt. Major C. S. McEntee, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers; Captain John F. Lacey, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers; Captain Lawrence Rhoades, commissioner of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers; First Lieutenant Joseph Lyman, Twenty-ninth Iowa Infantry; Second Lieutenant Richard A. Kent, Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

