
citizens. Some of these companies were enlisted in a few days as militiamen for home protection, but to enable me to issue quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores to the officers commanding companies, and to impress upon the minds of the officers and soldiers that they were under the orders only of the Government of the United States, I directed the assistant commissary of musters of the district, Captain J. C. Anderson, to verify the presence of the men by calling the roll, and certifying on that roll that they were duly mustered in as set forth in the dates. This I considered prudent and necessary, both to insure justice to the men and protect the Government. Officers and men distinctly knew from the beginning that they would receive no pay from the Government directly, but that the Territory would pay them, and be reimbursed by the Federal Government on the action of Congress, who will undoubtedly legislate in favor of my action and in justice to the Territory. The general order proclaiming martial law prescribes what the Government would do in the way of arming and equipping, and the tenor of that order has been strictly observed by me. The companies were mustered in for three-months' service. The horses belong to the Territory. The arms and accouterments for men and horses belong to the Government, except the pistols, which belong to individuals. No clothing of any description has been issued to officers or men. The camp and garrison equipage belongs to the Government. In conclusion, I would say that the Territory responded promptly to the call for troops, and to this promptitude is the country westward indebted for the free, open lines of communication.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that no information of importance from the enemy's lines has reached this office to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 35. New Orleans, La., April 10, 1865.

I. A special commission, consisting of Major General W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, and Mr. James T. Brady, duly appointed under executive orders, was organized in the city of New Orleans on the 9th instant, and the organization has been officially reported.

II. The jurisdiction of this commission extends to all officers and persons in the military, naval and revenue service, or in any branch of the public service under the authority of the United States Government, who, when required upon subpoena issued from said commission, will

