
called for their assistance as convoy and guard to rebel prisoners to be sent from Nashville by river. The education of this squadron by the Navy Department's order rendered necessary and entire reorganization of its different division and much transferring of officers and men. I designed, when the organization of the upper division on the Mississippi should be completed, to send from it the two gun-boats you requested. The Navy Department now informs me however, that Lieutenant-General Grant does not consider it necessary to keep men-of-war on any river but the Mississippi.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 26, 1865. (Received 10 p. m. 31st.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief:

Can you, with propriety, give us any idea as to what will ultimately be done with the volunteer troops that it is proposed now to keep in the service? Deserving volunteer officers who desire to remain in the service are continually making inquiry. If they will probably be absorbed in the regular service, they wish to remain; if not, they feel that they are losing time by staying now to be mustered out, when everybody at home will have got the start of them in business. Your telegram of May 18 to General Pope reached me yesterday. Very few troops can be got from this department. I have already sent to General Canby and elsewhere 8,000. If I give up this department and take with me no command, is the anything to warrant me in giving up this department and going to Texas with a handful of troops?

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,

May 26, 1865-9. 40 a. m.

Major General J. J. Reynolds,

Little Rock, Ark.:

Two staff officers of General Dodge left here on the 20th to receive paroles of Jeff. Thompson's troops, appointed for May 29 and June 5.

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 26, 1865. (Received 27th.)

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Yours of 19th, inclosing telegrams from Lieutenant-General Grant, received yesterday. I will make an estimate for this department and report at once what can be spared. If will not be much. So far as I now can see, it will be best for me to remain here. In fact, with present developments, there is nothing for me in a charge.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

(Forwarded by Pope to Grant 27th.)

