HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S, ARK.,

May 26, 1865.

Colonel H. MATTISON,

Commanding Third Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: It has been determined that Jacksonport and Augusta, on White River, and Searcy, on the Little Red River, should be occupied by your troops. The brigadier-general commanding desires you to take four companies of your regiment and the detachment of cavalry to Jacksonport, and there establish your headquarters. Leave two companies at Batesville, send two companies to Augusta and two to Searcy, each under command of a captain. There will be no separate post headquarters at either point. The respective commanders will for the present report to you and draw their supplies through your headquarters. Each detachment commander will take with him a portion of the transportation, the one going to Searcy being preferred if there is a deficiency. You will please issue to them the instructions you received for the post of Batesville and furnish copies of your Circular Numbers 1 and your General Orders, Numbers 3, both of which are approved by the brigadier-general commanding, to be republished at the respective posts with necessary modifications, the object of the occupation being chiefly to protect the people against jayhawkers, &amp;c., and to encourage the organization of militia companies for self-protection. You will please furnish each post with a copy of the enrollment papers for the information and guidance of those who obtain the necessary authority from the Government of the State. Thirty days' supplies are sent you by this bat, and it is deemed necessary to issue to each detachment their proper proportion of all stores on hand. It is thought unnecessary to established a provost-marshal's office separate from the headquarters of the post, except at Jacksonport. The provost-marshal now at Batesville you will take with you to Jacksonport. Authorized trades arriving at either of the posts will be protected in their business, but no goods must be sold except to loyal persons. Until the proper orders can be issued the commanding officers at Batesville, Augusta, and Searcy will act as provost-marshal. At your earliest convenience, by return trip, you will please furnish these headquarters with a report of your action under these instructions, showing the names of officers and number of men at each post. The Izetta will be used by your for making these changes, and then ordered to report back to this post. The detachment of cavalry (relieved) will return with her. It is suggested that after getting located at Jacksonport you will use your cavalry in patrolling the country between the different posts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 26, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE;

Everything appears to be working well. I am pushing everything out onto the Overland Route, and will stay until we are all right. All the mounted men are on move with Connor and with Ford, and are doing good service. Trains are going out daily with stores for all points on the plaints, and none as yet have been successfully interfered with.

