SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 118. Saint Louis, Mo., May 26, 1865.

* * * *

2. Companies A and E, Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers, will proceed, on the morning of the 27th instant, by railroad to Pilot Knob and report to commanding officer of post for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

3. Company D, Fifty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, and Company C, Fifty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, will proceed from Pilot Knob to Saint Louis and report on arrival to these headquarters for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

4. Company D, Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers, will proceed, on the morning of the 27th instant, by railroad to De Soto and relieve Company C, Fifty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, on duty bridges on Iron Mountain Railroad.

5. On being relieved Company C, Fifty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, will proceed to Saint Louis and report to these headquarters for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier General D. Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

LEXINGTON, MO., May 26, 1865.

Colonel C. HARDING:

I have the honor to report that I have just returned from scout. I have brought in Vaughan and Reynolds and fifteen man. Captain Sheppard came in with thirty men night before last; could not find him. He is in the same vicinity where Vaughan was found in the Sni Hills. Clement could not be found. It is reported that he has disbanded his men for a short time to visit his home in Saline County. We have scouted night and day. I have left word for Clement and Sheppard. I want to return to Warrensburg in the morning. Shall I, or shall I go for Sheppard?

G. SALTZMAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 26, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Colonel Schnable desires to surrender his entire battalion, 400 strong, and desires to have them paroled at Yellville, Ark., at once. He claims not to belong to Jeff. Thompson's command. Am I authorized to parole them at Yellville, or must he go to Jacksonport under the agreement made between you and Jeff. Thompson, as set forth in General Orders, Numbers 127, current series, department headquarters?

JOHN. B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

