
direction of Devil's Lake, and I will send you another installment of unassigned recruits, who I hope you will send out to aid in garrisoning some of our forest. General Sully says there is as yet no grass, but hopes it will soon be abundant. The accidental loss of two steamers on the Missouri may also retard the general's progress, but I have urged the utmost hast, being anxious to get force at Fort Rice, where I hope to open commination through Fort Wadsworth. I also desire you to have communication with Fort Rice as far as occasion may offer. If I visit Washington, as I may do, I shall try to have some better arrangement for securing more expedient mobility of our troops. They must in some way be capable of traveling thirty or forty miles a day. This requires a change to cavalry, or the mounting of infantry on horses or wagons. As far as you can, I desire that you will aid in this matter. If we had Canada ponies they would answer either purpose of riding or driving, and if I go to Washington I will urge a general use of ponies for frontier posts and frontier service. In connection with this idea of a grater number of animals at our frontier posts, ample provisions must be made for securing hay at each post sufficient to winter such animals. You will therefore district your quartermasters to provide mowers, and see to the safe procuring of hay enough for any probable emergency at each post; and troops must be required to assist in this matter, so as to avoid as far as practicable expense to the Government. When it can be done you will also direct the cultivation of gardens and grain for garrison use, especially at all posts which, in your judgment, will have to remain permanent garrisons.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SIOUX CITY, IOWA, May 26, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

My troops will be ready to march for Devil's Lake, or anywhere else, as soon as boats arrive here with commissary stores, wagons, &amp;c. I telegraphed Ford. The Sioux report the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, Brules, and Blackfeet in very large force at bear Battle, on the Black Hills, waiting for me. Can you get permission for me to cross the British line?

SULLY,

General.

SIOUX CITY, May 26, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have telegraphed you to-day on the arrival of yours. I shall be ready to move to Devil's Lake as soon as rations, clothing, tents, and thirty wagons reach here. The stores have not reached as soon as ordered, and out of those ought to be here three boatloads founds the bottom of the Missouri, so that I am hard pressed for supplies, even to remain where I am. I very much fear if I go to Devil's Lake I will not be able to overtake the Indians, without I can cross the British line, and in that case I would supplies to be on the Red River for my return. I have very few wagons. I made no calculations for so long a trip, and have therefore made no requisition for extra transportation. Lieutenant Parker, just down Fort Sully, reports me to that the Sioux Indians just in (Minneconjous, I believe) state

