
that the Cheyennes, Arapahoes, part of the Brule and Blackfeet Sioux are at Bear, north of the Black Hills, in a very strong position, waiting there to give me battle. They report them 10,000 warriors strong, but of course this is a great exaggeration. They feel confident they can whip me, and the Sioux and half-breeds think I will meet with a great deal of trouble if I go there. Of course I cannot vouch for all I here state, but if it is true, and I go north, it will give trouble to those in my rear. Besides, it will induce many of the Sioux now friendly to join them. They will attribute my going north and refusing battle as a fear of the bravery of the Cheyennes. I merely make this statement to you, not knowing what information you may have in regard to hostile Indians at Devil's Lake. I hope the stores I telegraphed to Colonel Myers for may reach me soon, for wherever I go the sooner I start the better. I particularly want wagons to replace those sunk.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.

SIOUX CITY, IOWA, May 26, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Information which is deemed reliable shows that the Indians of Western Nebraska and Western Dakota have concentrated at or near Bear Butte, on the north side of the Black Hills, nearly upon the route which General Sully will take from the Missouri to Powder River, for the purpose of fighting him. This seems to indicate that the future safety of our emigrant routes, and especially the one which Superintendent Sawyer will open this season, will depend upon General Sully's carrying out his campaign as originally agreed upon between yourself and him. If he does not meet and disperse these hostile Indians, they will attribute the failure to do so to cowardice or weakness on his part, and will doubtless be emboldened to engage in depredations upon a scale much more extensive than ever heretofore. The general has intimated to me confidentially that an expedition in another direction is contemplated, and that one heretofore planned may for the present be abandoned. I hope the expedition to the Black Hills and the establishment of the post on Powder River may not be abandoned; for through it may be very desirable to punish the hostile Indians of Northeast Dakota, after the preparations which have been made for the Black Hill expedition and the expectations thereby created, it would be very injurious to abandon it, and I fear lead to serious results. I doubt whether anything effective can be done toward subduing the Indians of Northeast Dakota until the force engaged in the work can purpose them into Canada. They will undoubtedly seek shelter here when hard pressed. I hope and believe you will be able to punish those Indians and still not abandon the Black Hill expedition.

Very respectfully,

A. W. HUBBARD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, May 26, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: I sent you a dispatch directing you to demonstrate toward Devil's Lake, and have two dispatches from you-one concerning pay to

