
mustered-out troops and the other concerning the sinking of boats-which will detain but not prevent your movement. I hope you will succeed in having plenty of supplies located at Fort Rice, for I suppose that must be a wintering place for troops and a permanent, established post to guard the river and settlements. It is so related to Wadsworth and Abercrombie as to admit of some future connection of a line which may serve to secure the settlements against the hostile tribes hat seem to have a permanent position near the British line. If you agree with me as to Fort Rice being the best point for a main depot, you will concur in the propriety of securing ample stores for any occasion at that place. A large garden and perhaps a considerable corn-field could be cultivated, mowing machines should to provided, and a large supply of hay must be carefully provided at all yours posts, especially at our principal depots. Our stock cannot be brought down to the settlements every winter, and they must be provided with double rations of hay, well protected against fire. Order your quartermasters, and see to this also yourself. Indians on the Upper Missouri will always be begging, stealing, and sometimes murdering, so long as they occupy that region of country; and from present appearances that will be for centuries, for, as I suppose, very little of the country is cultivable. We may therefore regard our military arrangements in that quarter as more likely to remain fixtures than elsewhere on our national frontier, and I therefore desire to have constructions made with a due regard to permanency. Dispatches come over the wires very quickly from Council Bluffs, but when you move forward, as I suppose you will soon, I hope some other mode of communication will be arranged. I get letters from Wadsworth via Saint Paul in ten days. When you get to Fort Rice I hope you will find it expedient to send dispatches that way, but you may have more convenient means while the river is open, and you can best judge of the swiftest route. You will notice my order does not determine your objective point. It may be found when you get to Fort Rice or before your movable force may best turn in some mor eastern direction. At present Devil's Lake seems to be the region of hostile lodges. Recent dispatches, which I send, speak of other points nearer the British lines, and all seem to apprehend a southern movement of the Indian efforts. Nothing certain can be known, but I shall try to get intelligence through the posts of Wadsworth and Abercrombie and will try to kept you informed as far as I can. I have directed matters to be kept quiet as to your movement, and hope the supposition that you are going to the Black Hills may deceive the savages. You will have udge as to what troop you can take with you. I hope your force may be pretty strong so you can, if occasion requires, separate for scouting purposes. For this purpose I hope you will also have all the mountain howitzers and other very light artillery with you which you can find available. Be sure and have plenty of horses attached to artillery, so there may be no delay, even if horses break down or are killed. I suppose all your heavy baggage can go to water, so your cavalry can move very light. As there is no danger, you might start you advance and go to steamer after your rear is well under way; but you will be the best judge as to the movement, which I hope will be pressed forward as early and fast as possible. I have just received a dispatch from General Sibley informing me that four more of the Indians that came down on the Minnesota settlements have been intercepted and killed near Fort Wadsworth. I shall attend promptly to your dispatches, although I may not always to avoid needless expense. Colonel Brown will send a paymasters as soon as possible

