
appear at the place and time designated, and answer under oath as to such matters as they may be interrogated, or make report in writing if required.

III. Persons not included in the foregoing paragraph and not in any way in service under the authority of the United States Government are subject to the jurisdiction of this special commission as witnesses only, whose deposition the commission have a right to take under their orders.

IV. The rule in relation to the exhibition of books, papers, vouchers, &amp;c., is already laid down in General Orders, Numbers 3, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, bearing date January 5, 1865. *

V. Lieutenant Colonel Nicolas Bowen has been properly appointed judge advocate of the special commission, and will be obeyed and respected as such.

VI. All officers ant others in the military service, and all persons subject to military law within this department, are enjoined to render all possible respect and obedience to the special commission thus organized within the limits of this department in the performance of their legitimate duties.

VII. If any officer summoned before said commission shall at the time named in the subpoena for appearance be in actual performance of public duty which cannot be postponed he will at once report that fact to the special commission and to his immediate superior, and await further orders.

VIII. No officer on duty at posts outside the city of New Orleans will leave his post on the reception of a subpoena without first reporting to his proper commander and obtaining his authority, which will be given promptly unless extreme exigency exists to prevent, in which case the facts will be at once reported.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. New Orleans, La., January 5, 1865.

All officers or agents in the military service of the United Stated, within the limits of this command, who have received, disbursed, or hold any moneys received from the sales of seized, captured, or abandoned property, or from rents, fines, taxes, assessments, permits, or from any other source whatever except pay and allowances authorized by law, will be prepared to exhibit their books and papers to the commission appointed by the executive order of December 10, 1864, whenever called upon by the commission.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, April 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,

Commanding District of La Fourche:

Brigadier-General Sherman desires me to inform you that the work on the fortifications at Brashear does not progress with that activity

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

