
to pay the discharged men. General Pope telegraphs in response to my request that he has sent a boats load of stores to Fort Rice, but when the June rise occurs you must yourself determine what you may need, and order your quartermasters and commissary officers to take advantage of the usual boating season to secure ample provisions. Yours troops may to winter at Fort Rice, and you may have starving Indians also to feed. I will probably again visit Minnesota after you are fairly under way, so as to be nearer to your movement and also to direct movements by General Sibley to co-operate if occasion offers, but of this I will try to keep you informed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 27, 1865-7 p. m.

(Received 29th.)

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

You may send Steele at once to the Rio grande. I will also send the Twenty-fifth Corps. The cavalry can march as you suggest. A garrison should be got to Galveston which as little delay as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 27, 1865.

Captain FITZHUGH,

Commanding Naval Division, Mouth of Red River:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the forces of the Trans-Mississippi Department were formally surrendered to him yesterday afternoon. It becomes necessary, in consequence, to send U. S. troops to garrison the various posts in that department, and three steamer with about 4,000 men will leave this city early in the coming week for points on the Red River. I am directed to request that you will assign two or three gun-boats to act as convoy the these vessels, and that they be held in readiness at the mouth of the Red River to move forward the moment the troops arrive.

I ask the favor of an early reply, and have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 27, 1865.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, C. S. Army,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: At the suggestion of General Buckner I send Brigadier General E. J. Davis for the purpose of conferring with you in relation to the details of the terms of the military convention held in this city, and especially that you may indicate the point at which it will be most desirable and practicable to collect the troops and property to be surrendered, and furnish him with the names of the commissioners selected

