
relieved from duty in the Department of Arkansas to at once repair to Rock Island, Ill., and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders, is hereby amended so as to direct him to repair to and report from Newburyport, Mass.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 143. New Orleans, La., May 27, 1865.

* * * *

5. Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as chief of staff of the major-general commanding, and will proceed to Vicksburg, Miss., and report to Major General G. K. Warren, whom he will succeed in the command of the Department of Mississippi (subject to the approval of the President) as soon as the resignation of that officer has been approved.

6. Brigadier General E. J. Davis, accompanied by Captain F. A. Vaughn, his aide-de-camp, will proceed to Houston, Tex., via Galveston, for the purpose of conferring with General E. K. Smith, in accordance with the special verbal instructions given. On the completion of this duty he will return to this city and report in person at these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

7. The following-named regiments are hereby relived from duty in this military and will report to the commanding general Department of the Cumberland, at Nashville, Tenn. All public horses and transportation of these commands will be turned over to the quartermaster's department: Second Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, Fourth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

8. Brigadier General J. R. West will proceed by first opportunity to Baton Rouge, La., for the purpose of inspecting all the cavalry now at that point, and selecting the men who are to be discharged in accordance with recent orders. The remainder will be consolidated, as prescribed, and equipped for field service as rapidly as possible. Captain C. J. Walker, Second U. S. Cavalry, special inspector of cavalry Department of the Gulf, will accompany General West and assist him in carrying out the above instructions.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 27, 1865. (Received 11. 40 p. m.)

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Transportation for 13,900 men has arrived up to this evening. One division of 9,200 men and their transportation has started. As soon as enough arrives for the second division it will start. Then there will be left the detached brigade of infantry and the artillery and cavalry. I will start with the second division of infantry and the artillery, and

