
[Inclosure.]

List of troops available for field service in consequence of the reduction of garrisons in the Department of the Gulf.

Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry; Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry; Eight-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry; Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry; Six-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry; Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry; Fifty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry; Seventy-eight U. S. Colored Infantry; Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry; Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry; Sixth Missouri Cavalry; Third Rhode Island Cavalry; Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry; Company D, First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery; Second Vermont Battery (for guns); Company A, Second Illinois Light Artillery (dismounted); Twelfth Massachusetts Battery (four guns); Second Ohio Battery (dismounted); First Wisconsin Battery; Twenty-fifth New York Light Battery; Thirteenth Wisconsin battery (for guns); Thirteenth Massachusetts Battery. The above force will amount to nearly 7,000 infantry and cavalry combined, and about 1,200 artillery. The Ninety-eight U. S. Colored Infantry, now at Brashear City, has been ordered to New Iberia, to take post there, in compliance with verbal instructions received by the major-general commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, May 27, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF:

In reply to your notes of the 25th and 26th instant I have the honor to recommend the following positions [be] maintained for some time to come, with the garrison annexed, viz:

Fort Pike, 3 companies Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry; Fort Macomb, 2 companies Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry; Ship Island, 5 companies Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry; Fort Saint Philip, 3 companies Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery; Fort Jackson, 3 companies Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery; Fort Livingston, 1 company Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery; Camp Parapet, 1 battalion Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, and 1 regiment infantry (Eighty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry); New Orleans and stations immediately around it, First U. S. Infantry New Orleans Volunteers, Twentieth U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-first U. S. Colored Infantry, Sixth Massachusetts Battery, Sixteenth Ohio Battery, and 1 company cavalry; Algiers and railroad, the battalion Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, 5 companies; Brashear City, 1 battalion Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Ninety-eight U. S. Colored Infantry, 2 companies Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry; Thibodeaux, 6 companies First Louisiana Infantry, Forth Iowa Light Battery, 2 companies Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry; Donaldsonville, 4 companies First Louisiana Infantry, 1 company heavy artillery and 2 companies Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry; Plaquemine, 1 battalion Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, 2 companies Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry, until the post is evacuated, which I propose doing at once. The armaments at Brashear, Donaldsonville, Camp Parapet, and the permanent forts I recommend to remain intact until some future-time. The armaments at Pass Manchac, Bayou Saint John, and Bayou Gentilly have already been removed. The armament at Proctorville I propose moving at once, and remove the company now there. Hence there

