
to be anything definite in it. The impression is created in my mind that a portion of the rebels mean to move toward Mexico. This is still further confirmed by General Pope saying that Kirby Smith was about to move to Houston. I will leave here to-morrow morning, and hope to have things fixed more definitely. If the enemy go toward Mexico, would it not be best to take the Fourth Corps to the Rio Grande? Please telegraph me at Cairo to-morrow. I have ordered my headquarters to Baton Rouge. I will give directions to General Steele in reference to his position after reaching the mouth of the Rio Grande.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1865-7. 20 p. m.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. R. PRICE,

Burnet House, Cincinnati:

We leave here to-morrow morning. If gone when you arrive, the general desires that you will come if possible to Baton Rouge. In any event, that you will bring or send 200 horses for First Cavalry to that point at once.

F. C. NEWHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 27, 1865-2 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

General Kirby Smith has declined surrendering on the terms granted to General R. E. Lee as interpreted by Attorney-General Speed, and by Major-General banks' order, but transmitted propositions to surrender from himself and the rebel Governors of Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri. These propositions are accompanied by other papers of interest, all of which are forwarded to you to-day's mail*. These propositions will no doubt be rejected by the Government, but as they show to a great extent the feeling and condition of things in the rebel Trans-Mississippi Department, they will be found interesting. I don't think it necessary to send their contents by telegraphs as some of the letters and other written statements are lengthy.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 27, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to forward for the information of the President and Secretary of War six papers marked A, B, C, D, E, F, which require but little explanation. Messrs. A. H. Garland and E. C. Boundinot arrived at our outpost under flag of truce yesterday. Mr. J. J. Clendenin arrived a few days since. Mr. J. J. Clendedin is a former resident of Little Rock and an ex-judge of circuit court of Arkansas, and

---------------

*See Sprague to Pope and inclosures, Part I, pp. 188-192.

---------------

