
recently the same under the rebel State government. Mr. A. H. Garland was formerly a resident of Little Rock and latterly a member of the Confederate Congress; was at Richmond in the latter part of February last. Mr. E. C. Boudinot was formerly a resident of Little Rock, is a half-breed Cherokee, and edited a paper in Little Rock before the rebellion. I directed the officer who delivered my answer marked D to say to Messrs. Garland and Boudinot, that as they were formerly residents of this city, they had my permission to come in as private citizens, divested entirely of any official character. They availed themselves of this permission and to-day requested and interview with me, which was granted. The substance of the interview (of course unofficial) my be concisely given under four heads: First. Mr. H. Flanagin desires to issue a proclamation as Governor of Arkansas convening his Legislature at Little Rock simply for the purpose of repealing all the acts of the rebel Legislature. This body would then adjourn and Flanagin resign. Second. He desires that Governor Murphy should recognize the county officers, clerks and sheriffs more particularly, who are now holding office under the rebel State government, Flanagin doing the same with reference to the loyal county officers now acting under Governor Murphy. Third. He requested that no military force should invade the southern part of Arkansas, as such a movement would produce much suffering among the people and be unnecessary in a military point of view, as the few soldiers left in Arkansas were deserting every day, and would all do so if left alone for a short time. Fourth. With regard to the civil officers of the secession Government they would not leave the State, but would respond promptly to any call made by the President or any authorized subordinate to report themselves at any place named, and further gave assurances that all the records of the State that were taken off by them should be preserved and returned to Little Rock. Mr. Flanagin conveyed a wish to deliver the records in person.

My answer were about as follows: The first proposition could not be carried into effect at all. The rebel Legislature not be permitted to assemble at any point in the State, and if it were attempted the members would be seized as prisoners. Second. No recognition whatever would be extend by any person to the civil officers acting under the rebel State government, nor would any of them be permitted to offer themselves for appointment or election unless pardoned by President proclamation, the rebel State government being viewed as an entire nullity. Third. No assurances give, bue view expressed. Fourth. Inasmuch as Mr. Flanagin has promised to hold himself ready to answer any demand for him, no steps will be taken to bring him in unless orders to that effect should be received. I will, if necessary, send for the State records as soon as notified that they are collected, and will permit Mr. Flanagin to deliver them up in person. Mr. Garland is not very communication on the subject of the meeting of rebel governors and generals which took place at Marshall, Tex., on the 12th instant, but divulges enough to show that it was not very harmonious. Allen, of Louisiana, was belligerent to the last, and was started toward Washington, D. C., with a view of getting him out of the way. E. Kirby Smith directed a sale of the public Confederate property that could not be conveniently moved into Texas, but the Arkansas soldiers declared that, as had not been paid for a year and a half or two years and had nothing to work with, they would take what they could in settlement of account and go home with it. In this manner most of their transportation and animals are disappearing, and

