
order to preserve quiet in the country it is very desirable that such classes as shall be pardoned should at the earliest possible time regard themselves as citizens of the State, and not subjugated criminals; and in this view of the case, elections, in which all of the pardoned [participate], and a government which all have contributed to make, will be very important.

I should issue a proclamation convening the Legislature, which would state the fact of subjugation, and state the necessary of the Legislature repealing such laws as permit or encourage hostile acts against the United Stats. At the same time General Reynolds would be informed of what had been done and also that in case he or the President of the United State should so direct I would report as might be indicated, or in other words I would consider myself as on parole. If the Government of the United States did not prevent, the Legislature would be invited to make such legislation as would be concurred in by Governor Murphy and his Legislature for the meeting of a convention fairly and fully elected to adjust the State government in such a manner as would induce the Federal Congress immediately to recognize it. That convention is, perhaps, necessary to any speedy representation in the United States Congress. To such as know me it is hardly necessary to say that the State archives and State property will under any state of case be strictly accounted for, and surrendered when it can no longer be usefully held by the secession government. Any invasion of Southern Arkansas at his time could only produce two consequences: First, to devastate the country, causing the innocent to starve; and, secondly, to prevent the Arkansas army from returning home without the consent of the officers. This letter is furnished with a view to indicate certain information which I desire you to furnish me should you be able to do so consistent with the duties you may assume to the United States Government.

Your obedi FLANAGIN.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 26, 1865.

A. H. GARLAND and E. C. BOUDINOT:

GENTLEMAN: Your notes addressed jointly to Governor Murphy and myself, accompanying three papers headed "Executive Office, Washington, Ark., May 19 an 22, 1865", and signed "H. Flanagin", are received. In these papers you present your selves as commissioner on the part of the 'succession government" of the State of Arkansas. In this character all intercourse whatever is declined, and you cannot be permitted to enter our lines.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure E.
CAMP AT THE OUTPOST,

Pulaski County, Ark., May 26, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, and

His Excellency Governor ISSAC MURPHY:

SIRS: I reached here to-day under flag of truce, and the object of my mission will be fully explained to you by the several papers herewith sent, marked A, B, C*, to which I very respectfully call your

---------------

*See pp. 628, 629.

---------------

