
attention. I would state that on yesterday, at Benton, I heard a report that news had been received at Little Rock to the effect that General Smith had surrendered the military department under his command. When the flag of truce left Washington no such news had reached there, for some days before the flag left no mails or couriers had come to Washington from Shreveport, and consequently nothing was known as to the surrender, and we all were of the impression when the flag left that no surrender had taken place. I make mention of this fact to show why a flag was sent, and to explain the language used in the beginning of the paper marked A*, herewith transmitted. I desire a conference with you upon the-subject-matter of my mission here, at such a time and place as will suit your convenience. The recent proclamation of His Excellency Governor Murphy, more particularly, and other evidence of spirit of conciliation and peace have induced us all to believe and hope that all differences among our people can and will soon be reconciled, and I feel we assured that if the conference be granted as requested, such steps will be taken and such measures adopted as will, at a very early day, bring together and unite the people of Arkansas under one common government, in peace and quiet, to forget the sufferings of the war now about closed, and to lay the foundations for a prosperity and happiness to be permanent for the future. I hope it will be your pleasure to grant the conference asked for.

With much respect, I am, your obedient servant,

A. H. GARLAND,

[Inclosure F.]

CAMP AT THE OUTPOST,

Pulaski County, Ark., May 26, 1865.

General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, and

Governor ISSAC MURPHY,

Little Rock, Ark.:

GENTLEMEN: I have voluntarily accompanied Mr. Garland to this point, and desire to confer with you relative to the speediest and best means of securing peaceable relations with those Indian nations heretofore allies of the Southern States. The interest of these nations are so blended with those of Arkansas that they will and must follow her fortunes. It was this fact that induced prominent citizens of the State at Washington to invite me to deliberations which have resulted in the mission of Mr. Garland. I believe I can be of service in restoring peace and quiet upon the frontier, and it is for this object and no other that I have come.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. BOUDINOT.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Mouth of White River, Ark., May 27, 1865.

[Colonel JOHN LEVERING:]

COLONEL: I have just received information that ex-Governor I. G. Harris and the rebel General Lyon crossed to the west side of the Mississippi River a few nights since between Napoleon and Gaines' Landing, Ark. This information is from a party at whose house they stopped for a half hour. The party giving the information did not

---------------

*See inclosure C, p. 629.

---------------

