
on foot, as it is about 150 miles; that the men are anxious to do all they can on their farms, and will not have the time; that he cannot make the march with his command in a body feed them, and hence fears that he cannot get many of them there. Most of his command desire to take the oath of amnesty. If under all these circumstances it is thought best, I can send my district provost-marshal to Yelleville and parole the command and administer the oath of amnesty to such as desire to take it. I have printed individual paroles, and can use other blank rolls for the companies. I shall have to send about four days' rations for this command to Yellville if it should be paroled there. There is a messenger here waiting. I will forward your answer to this to Colonel Schnable as your final answer to his proposition. I send this on account of Schnable's anxiety to be paroled at Yellville.

JOHN B. Sanborn,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,May 27, 1865-3. 40 p. m.

General SANBORN,

Springfield:

Under the circumstances you can accept the surrender of and parole Colonel Schnable's command.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CASSVILLE, May 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANB0RN

I have not heard from Colonel Coffee. The spy that I sent was to return last night, but she has not returned yet. I will start down there in the morning myself with a few men. It is said that there are a good many rebels on White River committing all kinds of lawless deeds.

J. J. MOORE,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 27, 1865.

Colonel SCHNABLE,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Yellville:

I will accept the surrender of your command on the same terms granted by General Grant to General Lee, Commander-in-Chief of the C. S. Army. I will send four day's full rations for 400 men to Yellville for you command and have them there by Friday morning, the 2nd day of June, proximo. Captain Braden, district provost-marshal, will be in Yellville and attend to paroling your officers and men and any others in that country that may desire to surrender at the same time and place. Captain Branden will be prepared to administer the oath of amnesty to all your officers and men who may desire to take it. An individual parole for each man will be signed in duplicate and one copy delivered to the soldier paroled and one copy retained by the provost-marshal; also, duplicate rolls of each company

