
CAMP ON THE MOUTH OF LITTLE ARKANSAS,

May 27, 1865-7 p. m.

Lieutenant TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Upper Arkansas:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report my scout to the Arkansas River. After arriving here, about 2 p. m., and excitement was raised among the Indians on account of the approach of some rebel Indians. The news I got through my interpreter, and also from the Indians that have come from Brush Mountain, eighty miles from here. About there the Wichitas saw at first but two rebel Indians; also talked to them, and they said that they and some Texans are coming up here. During this time the Wichitas discovered a large force coming up. Knowing they were rebel Indians the Wichitas left for their camp, but they did not get over 300 yards before they were attacked and had one of their men killed. They left everything back in camp. Two of them came here to report facts as they excepted me here. Some of the Indians are still on the lookout. The statement so far I am satisfied is correct. I will send a scout of Wichitas immediately in that direction so as to watch the movements of those rebel Indians. The troops on the Arkansas had better be notified without delay, as this is about the direction they move. Some of the Cheyennes are with them, I suppose for guides, &amp;c., as they know all about these posts on the Arkansas. Kiowas and Comanches are going still south, and some of them still for peace. I wish to have some more men as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WISE,

First Lieutenant, Second Regiment Colo. Cav., Commanding Outpost.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Numbers 105. Fort Riley, Kans., May 27, 1865.

* * * *

11. Colonel H. E. Maynadier, Fifth U. S. Volunteers, is hereby arraigned to duty at Fort Riley, Kans.

* * * *

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. Sibley,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 18th, giving your reasons for presenting the necessity of urging our rights to cross the British lines, so as to prevent Indians from finding security in the British provinces, and showing that you did no mean to base your arguments on the speciality of the recent Indian raid, is duly received. I only desired to say your letter was not convenient for reference to Washington, because your argument followed your report of this case, and therefore seemed to be based on that occasion, which could, and I thought would, be so construed and traversed. You may have noticed a prejudice existing

