
against reported dangers. It is urged by the press and elsewhere that Indian wars or got up on speculation, and an article published to-day in the Sentinel of this city tries to present this view. Such sentiments and public averments are very notifying to frontier settlers, who feel and fear the pressure of savage cruelty, but we must avoid all grounds for such accusations. Great care must be taken to avoid false alarms and exaggerated statements, lest we lull the public ear with an idea that the cry is false or frivolous. Do not understand me that I have any occasion to find fault with any of my officers; on the contrary, we have had apparent reason for all our precaution, and I do no see the least occasion for such an imputation of motives in your district, with the exception, perhaps, of some denunciating articles I have seen in the press of your State, which have overdraw the pictures of Indian danger in the instance of the recent massacre near Mankato; but this is incident to the doubt and darkness of Indian modes of warfare and the natural consequence of resulting expansion of dangerous apprehensions and to sinister motives. Whenever occasion offers I shall vindicate my command against such imputations, and hope your conduct and your people will carefully justify my view and acts in this regard. Indian dangers must not be overwrought or underestimated. Truth should be known, and I want no suppression of facts because of the cry of false alarm. Whatever is necessary in regard to presentation of our boundary dangers or neighborhood assaults must and shall be property presented to the public or private notice of superior authorities so far as I can procure such presentation. It is folly "to cry peace, peace, when there is no peace", and I have no idea of absolute peace for our exposed Indian frontier. I have applied for leave to visit Washington, but General Pope desires me to remain until he gets news from the lower Red River. He has presented the matter of our Indians crossing the British frontier to the lieutenant-general, so there is no need of our further consideration of new arguments at present.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1865-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Buckner and Price, per Kirby Smith, have surrendered to General Canby all forces west of the Mississippi. I have directed Canby to push troops to the Rio Grande without waiting arrival of Twenty-fifth Corps; also to garrison Galveston. You had better push down the river at once and proceed to carry out the convention and garrison Texas and Louisiana as soon as it can be done.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to Major-General POPE.)

WASHINGTON, May 28, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Do all you can to encourage the shipment of cotton from Louisiana and Texas. Let there be no military interference to his coming or

