
Fourche to-night or to-morrow night at Plattenville, near Mr. Charlet's, and make their escape from thence to Grand River. The general commanding directs that you send a reliable officer with a party of picked men and capture them if possible. He further desires me to say to you that Major Hildreth captured Captain Whitaker's coat and found in the pockets a letter from one R. A. Gordon, a sergeant in the rebel army, and who is now somewhere in your section of the country recruiting for the rebel army. The letter stated he had recruited already twenty-five men an wanted Whitaker to send him 2,000 rounds of ammunition, buck and ball, for the use of his men. The general directs that you employ some reliable man whom you can trust, and who is well acquainted with the country and its whereabouts, and capture said Gordon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES R. FYFFE,

Lieutenant, Thirty-third Illinois, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have sent you under date of the 8th instant a plan of operations in Texas. The glorious result of your operations in Virginia and the surrender of Lee's army may make such a movement unnecessary. It is more than likely that when this news reaches Kirby Smith's army in an authentic form they will disperse to their homes. Would you consider it advisable for me to send it to Kirby Smith under flag of truce and demand the surrender or dispersion of his army?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 10, 1865.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock, Ark.:

The Secretary of War authorizes the organization of such number of Indian troops as may be required for scouts and guides, but none others.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 10, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS:

Representatives Aceman and Kennedy are here in town; will go to Little Rock on first boat. Vallandigham seems to be absent from here. Some say that he has gone North.

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel, Commanding.

