
inquiries as to ownership. Such as may be turned over as Confederate cotton, cause to be delivered to the Treasury Department, but do not embarrass the shipment by looking up such cotton.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, May 28,, 1865-2 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, Cairo, Ill.:

A portion of the Twenty-fifth Corps is on its way to the Rio Grande, but will touch at Mobile if you wish to send orders. Send the troops placed at your disposal as your think proper. If more troops than have been ordered to the Rio Grande are required, send them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 28, 1865-9. 30 p. m. (Received 30th.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY, New Orleans:

The Adjutant-General will transmit an order* changing in some respects the military command in your division. Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, and Key West are added to your department, to which you are assigned, and General Banks relieved. The President directs me to express his wish that the military authorities render all proper assistance to the civil authorities in the State of Louisiana, and not interfere with or control its action further than may be necessary for the peace and security of the department. You have the entire confidence of the Executive, and it is believed than your wisdom and prudence in the administration will be as successful and gratifying as have been your military operations. Please acknowledge this telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 28, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General CANBY, New Orleans, La.:

Ship North all captured cotton as rapidly as possible, and encourage the bringing in for sale of all private cotton. Let there no military interference whatever to the sale and shipment of cotton, nor no search made for Confederate cotton. It is the interest of finances to get all the cotton to market possible and without delay.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 28,, 1865.

Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

Should the resignation of Major-General Warren be accepted, I recommend that Major General P. Joseph Osterhaus be assigned to the Department of Mississippi.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 95, War Department, May 17, p. 475.

---------------

