
3. The Eleventh Regiment Indiana Cavalry Volunteers will march without delay to Rolla, Mo., and report for duty to Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, commanding District of Rolla.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., May 28, 1865.

Colonel MARTIN,

Pleasant Hill:

Spread as far south and west of you as you can the information that returning rebels who commit no outrages after arriving in this State will be received kindly and allowed amnesty. If they plunder, murder, or burn houses, they will be hunted until they are killed. Encourage parties to surrender to you. The papers will be made out here.

C. HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTH MISSOURI Numbers 27. Macon, Mo., May 28, 1865.

In compliance with orders from Major-General Dodge, I hereby assume command of the District of North Missouri. All orders now in force and all staff officers now on duty will be recognized and obeyed until otherwise ordered. The following additional staff officer is announced: First Lieutenant S. M. Snell, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

GEO. SPALDING,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 133. Springfield, Mo., May 28, 1865.

* * * *

3. Fort the purpose of carrying into effect the agreement made by and between Brigadier-General Sanborn, commanding district, and Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Schnable, C. S. Army, commanding battalion, which said agreement has been ratified and approved by the major-general commanding Department of the Missouri-

It is ordered that the surrender and paroling of the officers and men belonging to the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Schnable, C. S. Army, be carried into effect at Yellville, Ark., on the 2nd day of June, 1865, or as soon thereafter as practicable. Captain W. W. Braden, Sixth Minnesota Infantry Volunteers, district provost-marshal, is authorized and directed to proceed at once to Yellville, Ark., receive the surrender, and attend to the paroling of the officers and men of said command, and such other commands of Confederate troops at or about Yellville as may desire to surrender. Officers will be allowed to retain their side-arms and private property, and the enlisted men their company and property. Duplicate rolls will be made out for each company and detachment signed by the respective commanding officers,

