
and also Captain Braden. Each man will also be furnished with a certificate of the fact of his having been paroled, signed by his company or other commander, and countersigned by Captain Braden. The officers will be required to give their individual paroles and will receive a similar certificate. The oath of amnesty prescribed in the President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, will be administered by Captain Braden to all officers and men not excepted from its benefits by the terms of said proclamation who may desire to take it. None will be allowed to come within the limits of this department without taking such oath, under penalty of being tried as bushwhackers and outlaws. Those taking said oath will be allowed to go to their homes or elsewhere, and will not be molested so long as they faithfully observe and obey the laws in force where they may reside.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 28, 1865.

Lieutenant ISHAM W. FAUGHT,

Company C, Sixteenth Mo. Cav. Vols., Commanding Detachment:

LIEUTENANT: The general commanding directs that upon the arrival of subsistence train at Ozark you proceed with your command in charge of said train to Yellville, Ark. Captain W. W. Barden, district provost-marshal, has been designated to represent the general, and district to proceed to Yellville to receive the surrender of Lieutenant-Colonel Schnable, and attend to the paroling of his men. Captain Braden will join you on the road, and upon his arrival you will report to him and act under directions. You will take with you the rations and supplies for your command. The general commanding directs you to forbid your men from taking any whisky or other spirituous liquors with them, and holds you responsible for the rigid enforcement of this order. He also directs that you enforce perfect order and good conduct on the part of the en of your command during the entire trip. No straggling from the line of march, or plundering or destruction of private property will be allowed. Numbers any acts of hostility, unless provoked or rendered necessary by hostile acts or threats. All public property surrendered will be turned over to you by Captain Branden. You will receipt to him for the same, place it in charge of a strong guard, and cause each and every article there to be turned over to the proper officer at this post upon your return. In case of failure to turn over or property account for every article specified in your receipt, the value of the article unaccounted for will be assessed and charged against the men composing the guard, a list of whose names will be furnished by you to Captain Braden. If you deem if proper a flag of truce may de displayed by you upon approaching Yellville. Twenty-five men will be added to the escort at Forsyth. You will start from Ozark to-morrow forenoon. In case Captain Braden fails to reach you before you leave that point, you will leave six men there to escort him on.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

