HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINTS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 28, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose communication received from Utah Territory since my return for your information*. Bringham's power is evidently on the wane, the scepter is leaving his hands, and he is becoming desperate. I will attend to him as soon as matters are arranged with the Indians. The only difficulty I apprehend from his present conduct is that may retard immigration and perhaps drive some of the timid Gentiles from the Territory. I have a peculiar way of managing him, and if you will trust to my judgment all will be will. I will send a part of the Sixth Infantry over as soon as they arrive. I am in receipt of a letter from Major-General Sully; he informs me he will not start until the 10th of June. I can start on the of July and be at Powder River before him. I cannot start sooner, want of supplies and the condition of the animals preventing. We are entirely out of corn, except small quantity at Kearny. The stock at Laramie is suffering, the grass being poor in that vicinity as yet. Indians almost daily attack the line between Kearny and the South Pass, and are invariably repulsed with loss, both are enabled to escape pursuit in consequence of the condition of our animals.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I have the honor to inclose copy of a communication just received from the Headquarters of the Army+.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 28, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis, Mo., Dept. of the Missouri.:

SIR: I respectfully solicit that the general commanding the department request Major-General McDowell, commanding Department of the Pacific, to order the offices of Squadrons L and M, Second California Cavalry (now in California), to report to these headquarters for duty. The squadrons have been under my command for three years, and are now en route for Fort Laramie. They have 100 men each-nearly all veterans. Squadron M has only one officer with it. He has recently been promoted to a captaincy in same regiment, and I except he will be ordered to his squadron shortly. Captain Price is on duty at these headquarters as district inspector and acting assistant adjutant-general. First Lieutenant Frederick Weed it at Camp Union, Cal., on detached service. The squadron has no second lieutenant. The captain and first lieutenant of L Squadron are with it. The second lieutenant is attached to a squadron at Camp Union, Cal. The Second California Cavalry is a veteran regiment; has over 1,200 men in it. The squadrons belonging to it, and now in my district, will take part in the coming campaign, and I desire to have all the officers belonging to them with me, particularly as none of them are no staff duty, and there is

---------------

*See George to Price, May 4, p. 315.

+See Comstock to Connor, May 4, 1865, Vol. L, Part II.

---------------

