
not an abundant supply of line officers in the district. Major John M. O'Neill, Second California Cavalry, is at Camp Douglas, Utah. He can be ordered to California, as I have no use for him in this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

SIOUX CITY, May 28, 1865.

(Received 1. 50 p. m. 30th.)

Major-General POPE:

A very large amount of the Fourth U. S. Volunteers deserted on their way here, and still desert. My cavalry are after them. I wish permission to execute, if caught and sentenced. They have but one officer to a company, most of them boys. If officers are not on their way to join I wish permission to appoint suitable officers. I can them enforce discipline.

SULLY,

General.

SIOUX CITY, May 28, 1865.

(Received 1. 50 p. m. 30th.)

Colonel FRED MYERS:

Not one article of the stores ordered here for the expedition have arrived. I am told some have been sent to Fort Sully. I sent a man up there to see what is there and to send it down here. The quartermaster has no invoices of stores sent except those arrived. Send me list of stores shipped and on what boats. I have no shelter-tents for my men. Hurry up those thirty wagons.

SULLY,

General.

CAIRO, ILL., May 29, 1865.

(Received 9. 50 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Washington:

Your telegram received. I will send one division from Reynolds to garrison Shreveport, and will send from Canby a garrison to Alexandria. I think it best to send the Fourth Corps to Texas. I am well satisfied that it will be best for the public service to send it there. It is a compact crops and all at Nashville. The Twenty-fifth Corps will be required along the Gulf coast, and the Fourth Corps and troops you have sent from General Canby can be points farther from the coast where it is healthier. Texas has not yet suffered from the war and will require some intimidation, and Mexico matters are unsettled. Furthermore, I am satisfied that many of the rebels will leave the United States for Mexico. So that this action may have your full approval, I most respectfully request that you give orders for the Fourth Corps to embark for New Orleans at once, for which point I am now starting, where I will make arrangements to cross it to Texas immediately on the receipt of a notification from you at New Orleans that you have ordered the crops thee. Directions will be given about cotton at once.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

