SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 142. New Orleans, May 29, 1865.

1. Brigadier General W. P. Benton, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed with the troops ordered to report to him to such place or places as will be indicated in special instructions from these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. Brigadier General E. S. Dennis, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First and Second Brigades, First Division, of Thirteenth Army Corps, will report his command to Brigadier General W. P. Bentoon, U. S. Volunteers, for orders.

* * *

6. The Eightieth and Ninety-third Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry are relieved from duty in the Southern Division of Louisiana and will be reported by their commanding officers to Brigadier General W. P. Benton, U. S. Volunteers, for orders.

* * *

9. Company G, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, and Company D or E, same regiment, as Major-General Herron may elect, will report too Brigadier General W. P. Benton for orders.

10. Extract 2 of Special Orders, Noo. 141, current series, from these headquarters, is revoked. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry will be reported by the regimental commander to Brigadier General W. P. Benton for orders.

* * *

12. Until further orders the headquarters of the Northern Division of Louisiana are established at Shreveport, La., to which place Major-General Herron will proceed without delay and assume command of all troops sent forward under command of Brigadier-General Benton.

* * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, May 29, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Southern Division of Louisiana:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding, you will be pleased to order General Cameron to send with the least possible delay one company of cavalry and about 150 infantry to garrison Washington, La., and about 250 infantry too garrison New Iberia. The commanding officers of these garrisons will report through General Cameron and the headquarters Southern Division of Louisiana to these headquarters. These posts until further orders will be considered to be within the limits of your division. The Sixth Missouri Cavalry, which was intended to be sent to report to you for duty in the Teche country, has been sent to-day to another point, and the one company of cavalry ordered as above to be sent to Washington will be a sufficient cavalry force for that section. The Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry need not be moved from the present position, as was spoken of in your conversation with Lieutenant-Colonel Crosby, acting assistant adjutant-general, this morning. It is desirable to have the Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry in readiness for embarkation at an early day, and the necessary orders will be issued for it too proceed to Sabine Pass to garrison that point. This regiment should be supplied with land

