SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 172. New Orleans, May 29, 1865.

* * *

5. The following-named troops will, under their regimental and battery commanders, be immediately prepared for field service. General Orders, Numbers 22, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, will be conformed to in every respect. Requisitions will be sen to these headquarters for all property required in order to conform to that order, and the amount on hand, as well as that required, will be stated: Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry; Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry; Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry; Third Rhode Island Cavalry; Company D, First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery; Company A, Second Illinois Light Artillery (dismounted); Second Ohio Battery (dismounted); Twenty-fifth New York Light Battery; Thirteenth Massachusetts Light Battery. The Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry will immediately concentrate under its commander at Chalmette. The Third Rhode Island Cavalry will concentrate at Napoleonville.

6. The Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry will be distributed by its commanding officer as follows: Four companies and headquarters at Thibodeaux, three companies at Donaldsonville, and three companies at Plaquemine. One of these companies will take post opposite Donaldsonville and one opposite Plaquemine, relieving the detachments of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry now there.

7. Company A, First New Orleans Volunteers, is relieved from duty at the mouth of Bayou Saint John, and will report to its regimental commander in the city of new Orleans. The company of that regiment now at Lakeport will be divided between that place and Bayou Saint John.

8. One company of the Twentieth U. S. Colored Infantry, to be selected by the colonel, will relieve the three companies of the Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored, will relieve the three companies of the Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry at Corps d'Afrique Hospital.

9. The commanding officer of the Eighty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry at Camp Parapet will detail one company of his regiment for guard at Ponchatoula, to relieve the company of the Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry now there. This company will furnish a small picket at Pass Manchac. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,

Brashear City, La., May 29, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The water has been at a stand for the last three days.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

