
New Orleans, May 29, 1865.
Brigadier General W. P. BENTON,

Saint Charles Hotel:

SIR: In consequence of recent instructions received from the Headquarters of the Army, the greater portion of the Thirteenth Corps is ordered to Texas, and the major-general commanding deeming your services of greater value there than in Western Louisiana desires that you report back to General Granger for assignment to duty without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General BENTON, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Division of Troops:

GENERAL: You will proceed without delay with your command now encamped at the Metairie Ridge, together with the two regiments of colored infantry (Eightieth and Ninety-third) now at Camp Parapet, Carrollton, the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, and two companies of Indiana heavy artillery, now at baboon Rouge, to Shreveport, La., leaving 500 infantry and 250 cavalry to garrison Alexandria. On your arrival at that point also you will be pleased too leave 500 infantry too garrison Natchitoches. On your arrival at Shreveport you will report in person to Major-General Herron, U. s. Volunteers, commanding the Northern Division of Louisiana. Should General Herron not have arrived, you will assume full control of the troops heretofore designated until such time as General Herron may arrive. Shreveport should be garrisoned by 2,500 infantry. The cavalry for that point (1,500) will be forwarded as soon as they can be ready. It is desirable that your to these headquarters the time of your departure. Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster, in charge of water transportation, reports that the steam-boats are in readiness to embark your command.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1865-10. 20 a. m.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

In addition to other regiments, the Eighth Illinois Cavalry has been ordered to report to you. If not required let me know and I will have it mustered out of service. The horses of the regiment can go to you if required.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

