HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 29, 1865-5 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m. 30th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Dockery, of the late C. S. Army, has come into Pine Bluff to surrender the Confederate forces in South Arkansas. Four captains of independent companies also in to-day. This, I believe, includes about all of the rebel forces in this State. Papers giving result of an informal interview with prominent citizens from Washington, Ark., are en route too War Department by mail; will probably reach Washington about the 8th of June; also referring to state of civil affairs in Arkansas.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 29, 1865-12. 10 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Colonel Schnable desires to surrender his command, 400 strong, at Yellville, Ark. Please send up and receive it. Acknowledge receipt.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 29, 1865.

Captain J. J. GILLIS,

Commanding Co. I, Tenth Regiment Arkansas Sub. Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: Your letter dated at Rockport on yesterday is just received by the hands of your messenger. To your interrogatory, viz, "I want to surrender my company, also Captain Thrasher's, Captain Crawford's, and Captain Harrison's, and want to know on what terms you will receive us or my company," &amp;c., the major-general commanding instructs me to answer that the same terms will be accorded to your company, or any other armed force surrendering, as were granted too officers and men of General Lee's command. All will be paroled and permitted to return to their homes, there to remain, not to be disturbed by the authorities of the United States so long as they observe their paroles and obey all laws in force where they reside. Officers will be permitted to retain their private property and arms, and private property belonging strictly to the men may be retained, except arms. You are reminded that the surrender of armed men only will entitle you to the benefits of these liberal terms. The provost-marshall-general of the department will be at Benton on Monday next, the 5th proximo, and, anticipating your acceptance, will be prepared to receive your paroles and effect discharges, &c.

Very respectfully,

JOHN LEVERING,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 97. Little Rock, May 29, 1865.

Brigadier General Powell Clayton, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to orders assigning him to command

