
the cavalry Brigade, Seventh Army Corps, will without delay assume command of the brigade designated as the Separate Brigade, Seventh Army Corps, composed of the Firs, Third, Eighth, and Eleventh Missouri Regiments of Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, relieving Colonel W. F. Geiger, Eighth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

By order of Bvt. Major General F. Salomon:

A. S. KENDRICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 29, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

General Dockery and staff under flag of truce arrived here this morning direct from Camden. The general represents that he reported his command directly to General Kirby Smith, and has not had any official instructions from General Smith on the subject of surrendering. General Dockery claims to be the senior officer commanding the regular Confederate forces in this State, and desires to have an interview with the general commanding. Shall he be forwarded by steamer to Little Rock?

JOHN EDWARDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I understand from General Dockery he wishes to surrender his command, which is in the nature of a home guard, consisting of about 3,000 troops, and not under General Buckner's control, who claims to supersede General K. Smith, who has left the country. General Buckner does not claim control over General Dockery's command. General Dockery desires to see General Reynolds, not only to surrender, but to see if he cannot effect some arrangements by which he can protect the law-abiding portions of the soldiers and citizens against the outrages committed by the bad portion of the rebel soldiers operating upon their own hook. We are expecting a boat up eery hour. The general says if none arrives by morning he will come up by land,, if the general commanding will permit.

JOHN EDWARDS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General EDWARDS,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

Brigadier-General Dockery may report at these headquarters if there is a boat at your post on way up. If no boat, the purpose of his visit may be reported by telegraph to the end that he may have an early answer.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

