SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 68. Rolla, Mo., April 10, 1865.

1. Commanding officer Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry Missouri Veteran Volunteers will detail from his command one company to move early to-morrow morning, with camp and garrison equipage, to Little Piney, Mo., to relieve Company F, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, stationed at that station.

2. On being relieved by the Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers Lieutenant Albert Muntzel, Company F, Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, will repair with his command to Rolla, Mo., and report for duty to the commanding officer of the Fifth Regiment Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

H. W. WERTH,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Macon, April 10, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend the early abrogation of martial law in this district and the withdrawal therefrom of all U. S. military officers and forces. The civil courts are now discharging their proper functions in every county in my district. The local militia organizations will be sufficiently effective for the suppression of apprehended lawlessness. Of this I am quite sure. There will be a battalion of Missouri State Militia remaining in service during the present year, after the muster out of the original organizations of the Third and Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. We would recommend that they be stationed at Glasgow, on the Missouri River, where they would be centrally located in a region where guerrilla depredations are to be most feared, and that they report to the commanding officer of the Saint Louis District. I have expressed the same views as herein to His Excellency Governor Fletcher.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., April 10, 1865.

His Excellency Governor THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to recommend both to yourself and my superior military commanders that the District of North Missouri, comprising all that portion of the State lying north of the Missouri River, be at once relieved from the operation of martial law, and that all U. S. military officers and forces be immediately withdrawn from the interior of said district and stationed only in the counties on the Missouri River and at points where disturbances may be apprehended. I have carefully considered this proposition before presenting it to my superiors, and am quite sure that the time has fully come when martial

