HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 29, 1865.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,

Commanding, Lewisburg, Ark.:

No armed parties will be permitted to cross the river. The letter of April 24 referred to was revoked by subsequent correspondence dated May 14. If any families desire to go south, one man, unarmed, may be permitted to visit each or any county north of the river to bring them down.

By order of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON THE MARCH TWELVE MILES SOUTH OF LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 29, 1865.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Myself, Lieutenant Douglas, and thirty-seven men have come to this point for the purpose of surrendering the men under our charge to the U. S. authorities. The general report when we started for this point was that this department was surrendered, and you will see from the accompanying order that we are doing what we believe to be right. Since our arrival we learn from rumor that this department has not yet surrendered. Seeing that the surrender of this department is inevitable, I would respectfully ask that we be paroled and granted the same terms as will be given the other troops of this department.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER BRINGLE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Squad, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 2. Near Darby's Ferry, May 22, 1865.

Because of the great doubt and uncertainty as to what has been the final action of the department commander concerning the surrender of his command to the U. S. forces, and the utter impracticability of longer retaining the troops of this command as they now are, leaves of absence to officers, and furloughs to enlisted men, for thirty days will be granted immediately. When the commanding or other officer of any company shall learn definitely or with certainty that the department has been surrendered such officer is authorized and directed to collect his company as far as practicable, and conducting it to some U. S. post or garrison, there surrendered it upon the same terms as the balance of the troops in the department may have been surrendered and hive their proper paroles. Should any officer or soldier be unable from any cause to surrender with his company he is authorized and directed to report to the nearest Federal post or garrison and there surrender himself in the manner mentioned above. The field, commissioned, and non-commissioned staff, and all others belonging to the command who are not attached or belonging to companies, will be authorized to do as above directed in their surrender.

By command of Colonel John L. Logan:

E. H. WARNER, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

