
and other border slave States, who were numerous in the country, and earnest in their efforts in this direction, believing thereby that they were rendering important service to the rebel cause. Earnestly desiring to see an early peace as a result of this action of Congress, I made every effort in my power to get word to all hostile camps, and the result is that there are now at this early day 600 or 700 lodges on the Missouri River near Fort Pierre (equal to about 4,000 persons) ready and anxious to treat for peace, and they are rapidly being joined by other bands. With a view of securing the co-operation of the military authorities in this district, I on the 19th ultimo wrote to Brevet Major-General Sully, who is in command, inviting his co-operation, and I beg leave to transmit a copy of that portion of his reply touching this important subject, as follows, viz:

I cannot at present give the order you request to military commanders in regard to sending for Indians, as it conflicts with orders I have just received from General Pope sending for Indians, as it conflicts with orders I have just received from General Pope, dated April 17, being copy of a letter to Major-General Halleck, an extract of which I send you as follows: "I understand, too, that it is proposed to send agents to make treaties with the bands of Sioux on both sides of the Upper Missouri. The military commanders were long since instructed to permit no treaties to be made with these Indians for the present, except such understanding as the military commander considers necessary, and that no presents or ammunition be given or provided. Until my orders are set aside by superior military authority, such treaties cannot be made; " and I am directed by General Pope to conform to this until further orders.

From the above it is clear that the military commander of this department has his face firmly set against making peace with these Indians, notwithstanding the evident desire of Congress to consummate this very desirable object, by which millions upon millions of dollars will be saved to the Government in so doing, judging by the history of the last three campaigns against them. A revocation of the military order above quoted seems necessary before any action can be taken on my part to treat with the Indians, and I trust such action may be taken at the War Department as will cause the military commander of this district to co-operate in carrying out the design of Congress in making the appropriation, feeling confident that such action will enable me to establish friendly relations with all these tribes, and enable the Government vastly to reduce its military expenditures in this section of country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NEWTON EDMUNDS,

Governor and ex-officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DEPT. OF THE INTERIOR, OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

May 26, 1865.

Honorable JAMES HARLAN,

Secretary of the Interior:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter from Governor Edmunds, of Dakota Territory, giving information of the result of his conference with the commandant of that region of the country in reference to efforts to make peace with the hostile Indians, in accordance with the instructions forwarded to him, a copy of which is before you. I also transmit for your consideration a letter from Colonel Leavenworth, agent for the Kiowas and other Indians, giving information to the same effect, so far as refers to operations in that quarter. I submit these papers in the belief that in considering them in connection with the information to be derived from the communications of Colonel Collins,

