
transmitted to you this day, you may be able to devise some plan by which the existing conflict between the civil and military officers may come to an end, such of the Indians as are disposed for peace be saved from slaughter, and expensive and, as I firmly believe, unnecessary military expeditions against the tribes of the interior western country be avoided.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. DOLE,

Commissioner.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]

DAKOTA TERRITORY, EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Yankton, May 9, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 6th ultimo on the subject of the contemplated treaty with the hostile Indians of this territory. On my return to the Territory I at once took such steps as I deemed necessary and proper to ascertain the locality, temper, and condition of the Indians with whom it was desired to treat, and to that end I on the 19th ultimo addressed a letter to Brevet Major-General Sully, in command of this military district, with a view of securing the co-operation of the military authorities in the Indian country in carrying out the design and law of Congress on this subject. In reply to that letter I beg leave herewith to transmit an extract from General Sully's reply, under date of April 29, 1865, as follows, to wit:

I cannot tell if I can be present at your council. General Pope has designated me to command some troops that are to operate against the Indians from Kansas and Nebraska. I cannot at present give the order you request to military commanders in regard to sending for Indians, as it conflicts with orders I have just received from General Pope, dated April 17, being a copy of a letter to Major-General Halleck, an extract of which I send you: "I understand, too, that it is proposed to send agents to make treaties with the bands of Sioux on both sides of the Upper Missouri. The military commanders were long since instructed to permit no treaties to be made with these Indians for the present, except such understanding as the military commander considers necessary, and that no presents or ammunition be given or provided. Until my orders are set aside by superior military authority, such treaties cannot be made; " and I am directed by General Pope to conform to this until further orders. I will therefore forward your letter to him.

From all I can learn of the temper and disposition of the Indians, I am confident that with the exception of the hostile Sioux of the Mississippi a very large majority earnestly desire peace and are not only ready to treat, but are very anxious to do so. The small appropriation made by Congress at the close of its last session ($20,000) I am certain bands. This once done "Othello's occupation will be gone," and the Government will be enabled to curtail its military operations in this country and save the expenditure of millions upon millions of money in the future. Is there no way, let me ask, to secure the adoption of a common-sense and humane policy on this subject? A revocation of the military order quoted above seems necessary in order to consummate the design of Congress in making the appropriation, and I am of opinion that this is all that is required to settle this vexed question and establish friendly relations with these Indians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NEWTON EDMUNDS,

Governor and ex-officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs.

