HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., May 29, 1865.

Captain W. L. FENEX,

Commanding at Forsyth:

The following dispatch has just been received:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 29, 1865.

General SANBORN:

Major-General Pope directs that my instructions to you in relation to the surrender and paroling of Colonel Schnable's command be countermanded, and that you refer Arkansas rebels desiring to surrender to Major-General Reynolds at Little Rock.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The general commanding directs that you furnish Colonel Schnable with a certified copy of the above, and notify him that in compliance therewith the negotiations already entered into for the surrender and paroling of his command at Yellville or elsewhere are terminated. At the same time you will inform him that such of the officers and men of his command as desire to take the amnesty oath can do so at Sugar Loaf Prairie or Yellville on such day as may be fixed upon for that purpose and upon the terms and conditions prescribed in existing orders. Captain Braden has been instructed to halt at Forsyth with the train until you communicate with Colonel Schnable and receive his reply. If you find that there are 100 [or] 200 who desire [to] take the amnesty oath you will then proceed to Sugar Loaf Prairie and administer the oath.

Very respectfully,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MACON, May 29, 1865-1. 50 p. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Harris, of Howard County company, under Order Numbers 3, reports that Sergeant Digges, of his company, with a small detachment, had a skirmish with Jim Anderson's gang of guerrillas on the morning of the 24th instant near Rocheport. Killed five bushwhackers and one horse. The names of the killed are Theo. Cassell, of Jackson County; Kelly, of Saint Louis, a one-armed man; John Chapman, Clay County, and Thomas Maupin, of Callaway; one man, name not known.

GEO SPALDING,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., May 29, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor to report that there is at this post about $2,000,000 worth of Government property. The number of troops stationed here is one company mounted infantry (sixty-nine effectives); two sections of artillery (forty-nine effectives); one company of militia, comparatively worthless. Using the mounted men for scouting the country, you have left one company of militia, two sections of artillery, for the pur-

