
this morning the notorious Oliver Sheppard [and command] came into Liberty and gave themselves up. I received them upon an unconditional surrender of all the property in their possession, which consisted of 6 hoses, bridles and saddles, 1 dragoon and 6 navy pistols. After taking the oath they were released from military custody, but seized by the civil authorities upon charges of misdemeanors.

Your, most respectfully,

JOHN W. YOUNGER,

Captain, Commanding Clay County Volunteer Missouri Militia.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 29, 1865-11. 20 a. m.

Honorable J. R. DOOLITTLE,

U. S. Senator, Fort Riley:

(Care of commanding officer of district.)

Your dispatch of the 27th to the President asking authority to make peace with the hostile Indians has been received and considered by the President, who directs me to say that he authorizes your commission to make peace if you can with hostile Indians, the treaty to be subject to his approval. Please acknowledge receipt of this telegram.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 106. Fort Leavenworth, May 29, 1865.

* * *

3. The commanding officer Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry will make the following disposition of the troops of his command:

First. The regimental headquarters, with six companies of the regiment, will be established at Papinsville, Mo.

Second. Three companies will be ordered to Fort Scott, Kans., to report to Colonel C. W. Blair, commanding sub-district, to relieve the three companies of the Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry, now on outposts.

Third. One company will be ordered to Trading Post, Kans., to relieve Captain Smith, with detachment of Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, at that post. These detachments will be supplied as follows: Troops at Papinsville, from Kansas City; troops at Fort Scott; troops at Trading Post, from Paola. The commanding officer at Papinsville will make the prescribed reports and returns direct to these headquarters. The detachments at Trading Post and Fort Scott will report to Colonel C. W. Blair who will make the required reports to regimental headquarters.

4. Captain Smith, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, with his detachment at the Trading Post, and the three companies of the Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry now on outpost duty, from Fort Scott, will immediately upon the arrival of the companies of the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry at trading Post and Fort Scott, as ordered in paragraph 3, of this order, be relieved, and will proceed to Fort Scott, reporting to Colonel C. W. Blair, commanding.

By order of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JOHN PRATT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

