
FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 29, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

Can all troops west of the Rocky Mountains be supplied with forage during the summer and winter from purchase in Utah?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

JULESBURG, COLO. Ter., May 29, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE:

Troops west of Rocky Mountains can be supplied with forage there during summer and winter. I require two more regiments of infantry and four more of cavalry. They should be sent immediately, with ample supplies and transportation, and well mounted. I have no doubt about tampering with Indians west. What shall I do about Captain Turnley? Indians destroyed several miles of wire west of Laramie to-day. Wrote you to-day. Wrote you to-day in reference to Utah affairs. *

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 10. Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 29, 1865.

* * *

IV. The following changes in the staff of the general commanding are announced for the information and government of all concerned:

Captain M. G. Lewis, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, announced in General Orders, Numbers 7, current series, as assistant adjutant-general, District of the Plains, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters. Surg. G. W. Hogeboom, U. S. Volunteers, having reported in compliance with orders from department headquarters, is announced as medical director,, vice Surg. J. H. Peabody, U. S. Volunteers, relieved by department order. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, is, in addition to his duties as district inspector, announced as acting assistant adjutant-general. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * *

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Te., May 29, 1865.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding East Sub-District of the Plains, Fort Kearny, Nebr.:

SIR: Your telegram of the 26th instant is received in which you announce that the Pawnees perpetrated the murder of the men of the Third U. S. Volunteer Infantry on Little Blue on the 18th instant, and that the mules of the wagon accompanying the detachment from Fort Leavenworth and the four horses run off at that time were found in their possession. The general commanding directs that at as early a day

---------------

*See May 28, p. 646.

---------------

