
amounts of cotton and sugar have been place on steam-boats and run down Red River to points where it can be secreted until our troops move up and take possession of the country above it,, when it will be brought to New Orleans and sold on private account. The Government property at Shreveport was taken in charge by the officers on the 22nd, with a view to cover up the frauds they were and had been committing; but in this they failed. The Missouri troops, the only organized force at Shreveport, believing it would be charged to them, surrounded the city and took charge of the goods, and were guarding them on the 23rd instant. About the 21st instant General Buckner made a speech to the Missouri troops four miles west of Shreveport, and urged them to accompany him to Mexico and colonize South America, or some other country; that they (the Confederates) had a large amount of Government property to transport overland to Mexico, and that if they would accompany him he would in a short time pay them a good round sum in specie. After holding out to them the necessity of this course he called upon General Price, who followed him in a few remarks, the substance of which was that they were free from the army and could do as they pleased. This occurred late in the evening. The troops considered the proposition of General Buckner, and on the following morning selected Colonel Gaines to address them en masse. The colonel informed them that the distance to be traveled overland was 700 miles, and through a desert country, which was more than they would endure. Upon this they signified their intention of surrendering to the Federal authorities, and they alone should receive their arms. The men then made free to say that they would take General Buckner and deliver him with them if the officers selected to surrender them would say the word. About this time Generals Price and Buckner were seen moving down the river for New Orleans. It is believed that General Smith will carry out the same fraudulent schemes in the neighborhood of Houston, Tex. It is furthehat General Buckner has destroyed, or caused to be destroyed, all papers pertaining to the Trans-Mississippi Department. There are many large and valuable foundries and manufactures in Texas which belong to the Confederate Government, among which are the following: Marion County Iron Works, Davis County Iron Works, Anderson County Iron Works, Anderson County Cotton and Woolen Factory, Upshur County Factory; all or any part of which general Buckner and quartermasters are willing to sell for specie. Mr. Musgrove, the gentleman who gives this information, represents that the farming population of Teas are sadly in want of proper implements to secure the present wheat crop, it being nearly ready to harvest. His business in Texas is that of manufacturer. His property consists of flouring mill, saw-mill, small foundry, and a large and valuable house for manufacturing purposes, in connection with about forty buildings suitable for operations, together with 2,000 acres of land. Mr. Musgrove visits New Orleans for the purpose of purchasing reaper and mower blades, scythe blades, files, and a general supply of farming implements, His object is to make some arrangement whereby the people of Texas can save their present growing crops. The report of Mr. Musgrove is confirmed by W. G. Felton and W. Chandler, scouts employed by Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, Seventh Missouri Cavalry, at Little Rock. They were captured near Benton, Ark., September 28, 1864, and taken to Camp Ford, Tex., from which place they were brought to Shreveport and paroled, arriving at New Orleans a few days since. They report large trains loaded with Government property running toward Mexico. All the

