HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 30, 1865.

Brigadier General J. TOTTEN,

Chief of Artillery and Ordinance, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

SIR: The advance of the troops selected to relieve the garrisons in West Louisiana will leave this city early to-morrow morning, and the major-general commanding desires that the necessary officer or officers of your department be ordered to accompany them for the purpose of receiving the property that will be surrendered by the rebel authorities. Any information that may be desired will be furnished by Brigadier General George L. Andrews, provost-marshal-general of the army and division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Hinsdill, chief commissary of subsistence, Military Division of West Mississippi, and Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, Military Division of West Mississippi.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., May 30, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general to request that you will be pleased to furnish him this evening with a statement of the strength of the different garrisons intended for the posts in the Red River country and the probable time of their departure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, May 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith, in answer to your communication of this date, a statement of the different garrisons intended for the posts in Western Louisiana and at Sabine Pass, Tex. The First and Second Brigades, of the First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, together with the Eighteenth and Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry and the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, with two batteries of heavy artillery, were ordered to proceed to-night for Shreveport and the intermediate points on Red River. General Sherman, commanding the Southern Division of Louisiana, was instructed yesterday to send the Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry and one company of the First Louisiana Cavalry to garrison New Iberia and Washington, La., and the Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry was ordered to-day to be prepared to be sent to Sabine Pass, and will probably be in readiness for embarkation by the 1st of June. Owing to the fact that most of the available cavalry now in this department, under the command of General West, is reporting direct to division headquarters, it will be impos-

