
18. Brigadier General M. K. Lawler, commanding Eastern District of Louisiana, will cause the Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry to be put en route without delay for the garrisoning of Monroe, La., and Camden, Ark., the regiment to be divided, stationing five companies at each place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISS.

New Orleans, La., May 30, 1865.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your communication by telegraph of this date is at hand. You are hereby authorized to take command of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois and Nineteenth Pennsylvania, and put them in the best condition possible. Equip the Nineteenth Pennsylvania first. The Sixth Missouri have been ordered to report to General Benton for movement with him. Captain J. N. Givens, acting assistant quartermaster, cavalry forces, has succeeded in arranging for sixty wagons and teams for your command. They will be received to-morrow. He has the pick of 700 mules in organizing this train. In addition to these your quartermaster has obtained five wagons and teams for your ordnance train. Send to these headquarters as soon as possible a full report of the number of men in each regiment whose term of service will expire previous to October 1, 1865. Let this report include the Sixth Missouri. Herewith inclosed please find copies of General Orders, Numbers 58. *

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 24. New Orleans, May 30, 1865.

Thursday, June 1, having been set apart by the President of the United Stated as a day of humiliation and prayer, in view of the great calamity which has recently befallen the nation in the sudden and unnatural death of the late President, Abraham Lincoln, all duties be suspended on that day. The commanding officers of all posts and regiments will give their commands, through their chaplains, every possible facility for observing this day in the manner contemplated in the proclamation of the President.

By order of brigadier-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant-General.

---------------

*From Military Division of West Mississippi, May 25, republishing General Orders, Numbers 83, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, May 8, 1865, for which, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1112.

---------------

