
BRASHEAR CITY, May 30, 1865.

Major HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram is received. I will send Lieutenant-Colonel Rice to Washington with three companies of the Seventy-fifth and Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, on the Bart Able, via the Courtableau. I will send Colonel Norton with five companies of the Ninety-eighth to occupy New Iberia on the Cornie. The people desire a company to protect them from marauders. I respectfully recommend that their request be complied with. The water fell here about one-third of an inch in the last twenty-four hours.

Respectfully,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 2. Baton Rouge, May 30, 1865.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major M. Reece, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Volunteers, surgeon in charge; Captain E. Hemingway, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; ; Captain J. J. Huntley, Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, pass officer; First Lieutenant C. G. Shanks, Seventh Kentucky Veteran Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant G. G. Curtiss, Eighteenth New York Battery, signal officer.

M. K. LAWLER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 1. Baton Rouge, May 30, 1865.

1. The organization known as the Cavalry Brigade of the Northern Division of Louisiana is hereby discontinued.

2. Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois (mounted) Infantry, is hereby assigned to command of the post of Baton Rouge.

* * *

5. The Sixty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry is ordered to proceed at once to Port Hudson by land. Upon arriving at such place it will be reported for duty to Bvt. Brigadier General C. Hamlin, commanding the post.

6. In pursuance of instructions from headquarters Department of the Gulf, the following-named regiments and batteries will immediately be put in condition for field service. The attention of commanding officers is called to provisions of General Orders, Numbers 22, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, to which they will conform. Troops embraced in this order, viz, Fifty-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Sixty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, Eighty-Nineteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry Volunteers, Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry, Sixth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Second Vermont Battery, Twelfth Massachusetts Battery, First Wisconsin Battery, Thirteenth Wisconsin Battery.

* * *

