
and military power. Neither do I think it well for the U. S. authorities to interfere in any manner in questions of this kind arising in a State like Missouri and confined entirely to citizens of the State. For the good of the people of the State and to secure confidence on their part that they will hereafter,, as heretofore before the war, be left to settle all questions of a civil character arising among themselves, unmolested by the United Sates Government or by outside force or influence, I recommend that no orders e sent me which will require me to change or modify the policy of non-interference in civil matters in this State which I have pursued with such satisfactory results since I have been in command here. In States differently situated intervention on the part of the government might and probably would be necessary. In Missouri,, having a loyal State executive, such intervention could not fail, in my judgment, to be attended with injurious consequences to the people. I ask, respectfully, therefore, that my course in this matter be sustained. I have the honor to transmit inclosed copy of a letter* to the governor of Missouri on this subject and request that I be notified by telegraph of the decision of the Government on the course I have decided to pursue.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 30, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

Orders from the War Department received to muster out all troops whose terms of service expire to include September 30. Will such musters-out reduce your command to the prejudice of the service? Report by telegraph without delay how many will be discharged under this order, so they could be replace in time.

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to G. M. Dodge, Saint Louis; Curtis, Milwaukee.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 30, 1865-7 p. m.

Captain JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I report for the information of the major-general commanding division, viz:

First. Brigadier-General Dockery, C. S. Army, who claims to be the senior officer of the rebel army in this department, is on his way in person from Pine bluff to this place to make formal surrender of all troops left in the State.

---------------

*See Pope to Fletcher, p. 685.

---------------

