
I long since read you my letter to the President on this subject, to which you fully agreed, that in any attempt to reinstate civil administration in Missouri the confidence of the people must first be secured, and that this confidence could never be established unless all arbitrary or exceptional acts or orders were altogether avoided, or only done or issued under the plainest necessity. Neither need I say to you that if U. S. troops are now used, by direct orders to do any acts which it is really the duty and the right of civil officers to do, the confidence the people are so rapidly acquiring, under the judicious policy you have pursued in Missouri, will be at once destroyed, not to be restored for a long time, if ever. Whilst, therefore, I stand ready to give you all the aid at my command in executing the laws, I feel bound to do so in conformity to the laws and the practice heretofore. It will therefore be necessary for you to inform me officially of the circumstances which render the aid of U. S. soldiers necessary, and to make upon me a written requisition for troops.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 121. Saint Louis, Mo., May 30, 1865.

1. Company C, Fifty-second Wisconsin Volunteers, will proceed by railroad to Warrensburg, Mo., and report for orders to commanding officer Central District. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * *

3. The county of Sainte Genevieve is detached from the Second Sub-District and attached to the First Sub-District. The troops in that county will report to the commanding officer First Sub-District, headquarters Saint Louis.

By order of Brigadier General George D. Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 111. Macon, Mo., May 30, 1865.

* * *

2. Captain F. W. Fuchs, Battery C, Second Artillery Missouri Volunteers, having been ordered to Franklin, Mo., with his command, is hereby relieved from duty as commanding officer of the post and Sub-District of Macon, Mo., and will at once turn over all books and papers pertain ninth Infantry Missouri Volunteers, who is hereby assigned to the command of said post and sub-district.

* * *

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Spalding:

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

