
GLASGOW, May 30, 1865.

General SPALDING:

Rebel officers are returning to this place, paroled at Lexington, with side-arms on. I would earnestly protest against sending armed rebels to this part of North Missouri. It does not correspond with the orders General Dodge sent me in relation to the surrender of rebels at this post. Their arms and horses were ordered to be taken.

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.

FORT GIBSON, May 30, 1865.

(Via Fort Smith June 1. Received 9. 20 a. m.)

Major-General POPE:

A party of rebels, about 200 in number, all mounted, crossed Grand River from the west on the evening of the 27th instant, about twenty miles north of this place. They moved in the direction of Marysville. Several other smaller parties of rebels have passed over the same route during the last twenty days, but as they are all mounted, and having no horses in my command, I am unable to interfere with their progress or operate against them with effect.

J. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

COW CREEK RANCH, KANS., May 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORD,

Commanding Troops in the Field and District of the Upper Arkansas:

DEAR SIR: My colored man, George Ransom, who left Council Grove on the 14th of April for the Indians' camps, south, for the purpose of bringing them into the neighborhood of the Arkansas River for consultation, has just arrived from the North Fork of the Red River. Just before he arrived there the report that reached you of the advance of the Big Hill Osages also reached them through the friendly Indians. The Kiowas said at once it was a trap to catch them, and they started out different parties to watch the different military posts on the Santa Fe road. To-Han-Son, the old Kiowa chief, said they were only sent out to watch. Another report reached them through a half-breed from New Mexico, who told them that as soon as the grass started the troops would be after them, so they all put out south except To-Han-Son. Be afterward left and said he would be back in thirty days. From all he (George Ransom) could learn he was satisfied that all the tribes were near Fort Cobb holding a grand medicine lodge. They would hold it for about thirty days, twenty of which are passed. When he arrived at the mouth of the Little Arkansas (the 28th) the friendly Indians reported a command of soldiers south of the Chikaskia, about sixty or seventy miles southwest of the mouth of the Little Arkansas. A Caddo chief sent word to Chisholm that all the Indians wished for peace except the Cheyennes, who came amongst them this spring from the north. From this information I am led to believe that there are a very large body of Indians near Fort Cobb who are or will combine against any small force that may demonstrate on them from the north. I do hope a force will at once be sent sufficient to make them know their weakness. The stage from Kansas City has just arrived and reports 10,000 troops landing at that point. I did thing I would see

