
you in person, but my health is not such as would warrant any exposure. Should be glad to hear of your progress and success. I send you a map. It may be of some service. George Ransom is satisfied that the Indian Captain Conkey saw was Kicking Bird, a Kiowa brave. It was his band that killed four Mexicans and stole the stock here and below. They also robbed-that is, the Kiowas-some Mexicans that came to trade with them, but said they must not come again, as the Mexicans with Kit Carson were fighting them.

Yours, truly,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

U. S. Indian Agent.

EL DORADO, KANS., May 30, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Upper Arkansas:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report further information in regard to the late excitement among the Indians, Wichitas and others. One of their chiefs with his band returned, after being satisfied that they outnumbered him. he says that those Indians are the Osages, Cheyennes, and other different bands camping at Brush Mountain, for what purpose he does not know, but he is well satisfied that they are not friends with the white men, nor even to him. He thinks they will go to the Santa Fe road and Cimarron to rob and kill. Another party of friendly Indians returned saying they saw al the buffalo running northeast. This proves that there are Indians coming up from the south, most all of the friendly Indians returned saying they saw all the buffalo running northeast. This proves that there are Indians coming up from the south, most all of the friendly Indians coming in on the Little Arkansas. The chiefs had a council at my camp on the Little Arkansas after the first excitement, in which they said they had been very badly off for some time, and are now, in case of an attack on their camp, on account of not having ammunition or many arrows. Still they wished to fight and assist the Government. For the present all that can be done here is good scouting, and to watch their movements closely, as it is not known where they may break for, as according to the news I got they are expecting Texans to join them. I have also one scout at the Beaver trail. Please send me those twenty men as soon as possible. The Arkansas is very high. Where is General Ford?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WISE,

1st Lieutenant Co. D, 2nd Regiment Colorado Cav., Commanding Oo.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 5. Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 30, 1865.

TO THE COMMISSIONED OFFICERS STATIONED IN THE DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS:

The general commanding the district takes this opportunity to say that he has for some time noticed, with regret and decided disapprobation, a disposition on the part of some of the officers of the command to indulge in a spirit of scandal and comment on the acts of their fellow officers. Slander and back-biting, whether relating to inferiors or superiors in rank, are not only distinguishing marks of ungentlemanly conduct, but indicative of a want of sense, breeding, and decency, even where indulged in by civilians; but when such a spirit pervades to any extent a camp of soldiers, where gentlemen in the highest sense of the

