
term are supposed to be wearing the insignia of their country's honor, it cannot be too strongly reprobated. Not only does it degrade the cloth worn by the soldiers of the country, but its demoralizing effect upon the enlisted men is both marked and detrimental. Quarreling and bickering among commissioned officers, from whatever cause, are the prolific source of most of the evils which afflict a amp, and promote to an alarming extent insubordination among enlisted men. Your general would state that he has noticed, with regret, that the distinctions of rank between the officers and the soldier have, to a great extent, been ignored, and that officers frequently place themselves on a social footing with the enlisted men. While the soldier is to be cared for kindly, and his every right protected and zealously guarded, such action is not only discreditable to the officer, but an injustice to the soldier, and is highly subversive of good order, but an injustice to the soldier, and is highly subversive of good order and military discipline. At this time when the changes now being made among the troops, the reorganization of regiments and battalions, and the reconstruction of the commands at the several posts, render it probable that those who are about to be associated together will remain so for a considerable time, your general deems it a fitting opportunity to invite the attention of his officers to some of the evils which the experience of the past has exemplified, and point out in a spirit of friendship and kindness what is expected of them in the future. he trusts that his suggestions will meet with a voluntary acquiescence on their part, but deems it proper to add that they will hereafter be strictly enforced in letter and spirit. Quarreling or harsh comment on the conduct of brother officers, or criticism and discussion of orders from superiors, are not only violative of the letter of the Regulations, but of the spirit of gentlemanly and brotherly association. As such they are sed, and will in no case be permitted. If the conduct of any officer, of high or low degree, is such as would invite, or in any sense justify, harsh comment, the remedy is pointed out in the letter of the Army Regulations. Complaint and (if necessary) charges must be preferred against the officer, but there is no conduct which justifies unfriendly criticism or slander among brother officers. The good of the service implicitly requires that these remarks should be received and acted upon in their plain letter and fullest spirit and import. envy, bickerings, jealousy, slander and tattling gossip among officers, who have every incentive to live on terms of kindly relations and true amity, are disgraceful to themselves, ruinous to the service, and subversive of every rule of principle of gentlemanly association. They will not be tolerated in any post in this district; and notice is given, in a kindly spirit, by the general commanding that offenders in this particular, if any unfortunately there should be, will be most summarily dealt with.

Your general desires to be surrounded by officers who respect themselves, the honor of their country, and the position they occupy, and he relies upon them to prove that his confidence is not misplaced. To the end that all may know what is expected and will be required of them, and that they may avoid evils which creep into a command almost ere we are aware of them, this circular is addressed. The contracting of individual debts by officers, and their refusing or neglecting to pay them, tend greatly to bring a command into disrepute, and it is almost unnecessary to characterize such conduct as unworthy of gentlemen connected with the service. The uniform of an officer is his passport to confidence, and that it may remain so it is necessary that he should be circumspect in his deportment and prompt and honorable in all his

44 R R--VOL XLVIII, PT II

