
back here, and will be loaded and sent to Brazons as soon as they return. The Hudson is reported on the bar at mouth of Mississippi River, and is ordered here as soon as she is afloat. These will finish General Steele's command. The Saint Mary will be repaired and available by the 5th of June. Nothing has yet been heard of the six steamers ordered here by the Quartermaster-General.

C. G. SAWTELLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 268. Washington, May 31, 1865.

* * *

95. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 193, April 28, 1865, from this office, as directed Captain E. S. Richards, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, to report in person without delay to Brevet Major-General Sully, U. S. Volunteers, commanding District of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa, for duty, is hereby revoked.

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 65. New Orleans, La., May 31, 1865.

Commanding officers will send forward to the proper agents of the Treasury Department all captured cotton that may be under their control, and will not permit any military interference with the movement of cotton from the interior. They will give to the Treasury agents all proper and necessary facilities in the execution of their duties, but will not employ their troops in looking up Confederate cotton or in any other manner interfere with the free movement of cotton in private hands.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 31, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces:

General Andrews commands the troops that go with you. General Benton reports to General Granger for the Galveston expedition. General Sheridan is not here. General Grant directed me to send you at once to the Rio Grande, on hearing of Kirby Smith's surrender. Sheridan's instructions I suppose will reach Brazos by the time you get there. The immediate object will be to occupy the Rio Grande, so as to prevent any complications on the Mexican frontier. I will start for Mobile this afternoon, and hope to be there early to-morrow morning.

I wish to see you before you sail.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

