HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On Board Steamer Adams, May 31, 1865.

Captain J. S. STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the First and Second Brigades, First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, are all on board of transports and will move immediately. Captain Perkins says he will not be able to furnish transportation for the Eightieth and Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry until more arrives in port.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

ELIAS S. DENNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

U. S. NAVAL HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers 148 Canal Street, New Orleans, La., May 31, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 23rd instant has just reached me. In reply, I have the honor to state that from every appearance there is reason to believe that the posts of the enemy are being evacuated; and although I have nothing official from Brashear City, I have an official dispatch dated "Off Sabine Pass, 25th of May," to the effect that Forts Mannahasset and Griffin have been evacuated, and that the U. S. flag was hoisted by one of our gun-boats on the walls. If, general, you still deem it necessary to place another gun-boat off Brashear City I will endeavor to do so.

I am,, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding West Gulf Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, OFFICE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,New Orleans, May 31, 1865.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. S. CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: Pursuant to verbal instructions, I have the honor to make the following report as to the staff and other departments and troops in this command: The staff departments in this command are well and ably conducted by the various officers in charge at this time, and much credit is due to Colonel S. B. Holabird and Colonel E. G. Beckwith, of the quartermaster's and commissary of subsistence departments, for their untiring attention to duty. The troops, artillery, cavalry, and infantry, are all in a fair condition, and should their services be required for field service could be in readiness in a very few days. But few of the troops will go out of service by expiration of term of service or under orders received up to this date from War Department, the First Texas Volunteer Cavalry being the only organization that comes under orders received, and but a portion of that, owing to a consolidation in 1864.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. THURSTON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General, Dept. of the Gulf.

