
call your attention to orders from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi already sent you "that all hostilities on west side of Mississippi River have been suspended. "

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF LA FOURCHE,Brashear City, La., May 31, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

It is reported to me that a party of forty bad men, under command of one Hare, and a small party under Captain Shaffer, are near Houma. I have one company of the Sixteenth Indiana there. May I leave them there, or shall I relieve them by a company of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry? Lieutenant Pomponeau, of the First Louisiana Cavalry, with a small party of men looking for deserters, fell in with Lieutenant Omar Boudreaux (the man who murdered Mr. Guerrin) and eleven men south of Houma on the 26th instant. Boudreaux was left dying, but his men escaped, leaving behind their arms, ammunition, &amp;c.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,New Iberia, May 31, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District:

SIR: I have the honor to report that we reached this place at 6 p. m. this day, having met with no opposition whatever. I stopped at Pattersonville, Franklin, and a plantation; at the latter place to land a refugee. At Franklin I told the Confederate officers that no decision had been made concerning their paroles. The inhabitants receive us quietly, and in some cases welcome us. There seems to be a general trust that my wagons may be sent by the next boat, as we shall greatly need them. Lieutenant Trundy is wanted as soon as he can be relieved. If he can get a storm flag it will be acceptable. I have bivouacked for the night on the bank of the bayou.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. L. NORTON,

Colonel Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, May 31, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Baton Rouge, La.:

Be pleased to cause any orders given by Brevet Major-General Grierson, chief of cavalry forces, Military Division of West Mississippi, in relation to cavalry, to be complied with. They are given under authority from these headquarters.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

