
This in reply to the instructions sent Major-General Reynolds to muster out all white volunteer troops of his command whose terms expire prior to October 1, 1865, provided his command would not be reduced thereby prejudicially to the service. In case of the reduction proving prejudicial to the service ha was authorized to suspend the order in whole or in part, and directed to promptly notify the Adjutant-General of the Army with the view of receiving further instructions.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., May 31, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

GENERAL: I send you three papers that will aid you in forming some idea of the state of affairs in Southern Arkansas. Several citizens have returned here and represent the rebel soldiers as very much incensed against their officers, who have, in fact, deserted their men and left them to take care of themselves. They are especially disgusted with Fagan for not accepting our proposition of 14th of April, which would have put these men all at home in time to raise a crop this year. Have just ordered a detachment of colored troops out with provisions to meet some two hundred negroes on their way here without anything to eat. The thing is going to pieces so fast that one cannot count the fragments. The Eighth Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Geiger, starts to-morrow morning for Camden.

Very respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. *]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, Ark., May 27, 1865.

Honorable A. H. GARLAND:

DEAR SIR: I have a letter from General Buckner of the 19th, General Fagan of the 20th, and General McNair of the 22nd. In Arkansas the troops have been furloughed, and Colonels. Logan and Mouton have gone to Shreveport, in Louisiana. On the recommendation of Colonel Sprague, Governor Allen did not offer-to go to Washington. General Smith sent conditions by Colonel Sprague for consideration. On the 20th General Buckner went to the mouth of the river to communicate with the Federal authorities. The Missouri troops were in camp, but the Louisiana troops were chiefly at home. In Texas the Arkansas troops were furloughed; the Texas troops were chiefly at home; General Smith was at Houston. After General Buckner started to the mouth of the river, General Fagan Buckner started to the mouth of the river, General Fagan was in command of the department. Mrs. Garland was well on yesterday. So far as I know there is not a man of ours in arms in this State.

Your obedient servant,

H. FLANAGIN.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington, Ark., May 28, 1865.

Honorable A. H. GARLAND:

DEAR SIR: Governor Allen did not go to Washington. General Buckner visited the mouth of Red River upon matters touching the

---------------

*For inclosure Numbers 1 (here omitted), see General Orders, Numbers 2, p. 660.

---------------

