
surrender on the 20th. He had not been heard from at Shreveport up to the 24th. So far as I know there is not a Confederate soldier in arms in the State. The command at Marshall is furloughed. I fell no hesitation in acting as I would act if no such thing as a Confederate force existed. I do not believe that there are 3,000 men under arms in the department, not 500 Arkansians.

Your obedient servant,

H. FLANAGIN.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,May 31, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Can Batteries D and E, Second Missouri Artillery, be spared from your department? If so, order them here. The regiment has been converted into a cavalry regiment.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS Numbers 129. Little Rock, Ark., May 31, 1865.

* * * *

5. So many rebel troops from the Trans-Mississippi Department are daily reporting for surrender at the various posts in this Department as to render instructions heretofore give (to send all to this post) impracticable, the commanding officers of posts are authorized to accept the paroles of all armed men who may surrender themselves. Full instructions and blanks will be furnished post provost-marshals, by the provost-marshal-general of the department, to whom all rolls or records of paroles will be returned. It is advised that no paroles from unarmed men be accepted, as there is a disposition to hide and retain arms. Paroles "not to take up arms"need not be exacted where there are no arms to take up; and men who secrete weapons should not be furnished with any evidence of having been recognized as abandoning rebellion.

6. The Eighth Regiment Missouri Cavalry will proceed without delay to Camden, Ark., and take station at that place. The commanding officer of the regiment will provide not less than twenty days' rations for his command and short forage for animals.

* * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, Ark., May 31, 1865.

Bvt. Major General F. SALOMON,

Commanding First Div., Seventh Army Corps, and Post of Little Rock:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding requests that you detail from your command a cavalry force of about 100 men to accompany the

