
provost-marshal-general of the department to Benton as escort, to be prepared to march on 4th instant by 4 a. m. The commanding officer of the detachment should report without delay to the provost-marshal-general of the department for instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST PINE BLUFF, May 31, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock:

At the time of making the written request for troops the surrounding country was overrun with guerrillas and returning Missouri rebels, who were committing all manner of outrages upon the people. I ordered out all the spare force I could to patrol the country. I was fearful if the condition of affairs grew worse, to protect the people in the country would reduce my effective force at this post until I would not have force sufficient to discharge the ordinary police and fatigue duty. Since then things have changed; several bands of guerrillas have surrendered; I can reduce the number of pickets, which will leave me sufficient number of troops, and I withdraw the application.

Very respectfully,

JOHN EDWARDS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock., Ark., May 31, 1865.

Brigadier General, C. BUSSEY,

Commanding Fort Smith:

Brigadier-General Dockery, who has succeeded General Fagan in this State, reached Pine Bluff day before yesterday, and reported by telegraph a desire to see the major-general commanding for the purpose of surrendering all rebel troops in the State south of Arkansas River. General Dockery is now on the way to this place. A letter received this morning from ex-Congressman Garland (rebel) states that all rebel troops in Smith's command have disbanded. All armed troops reporting for surrender will be paroled.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock., Ark., May 31, 1865.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Eighth Missouri Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that on your march hence to Camden, Ark., you will use the greatest care to prevent all depredations on the part of your command. The deputy U. S. marshal, Mr. Joshua Hill, will accompany you, to whom you will extend facilities for securing (in the absence of a Treasury agent) all Confederate cotton

