SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT Numbers 122.Saint Louis, Mo., May 31, 1865.

* * * *

2. Four companies of the Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers will proceed to Cape Girardeau and report to Brevet Brigadier-General Beveridge for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

3. Companies A, B, C, D, G, and H, Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers, will be relieved from duty in the Second Sub-District on the arrival of four companies of the Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers at Cape Girardeau, and will proceed to Saint Louis and report for duty to Colonel B. L. E. Bonneville, commanding Benton Barracks. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier General George D. Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAPE GIRARDEAU, May 31, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

In case more cavalry is to be sent into this sub-district I would respectfully ask that it be sent to the Knob and relieve the Seventh Kansas, and allow the Seventh Kansas to come to the Cape to recuperate. In that event I should prefer that Colonel Moore be ordered to the Knob to command the post. I will retain Lieutenant-Colonel Malone here until I finish the examination.

J. L. BEVERIDGE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, May 31, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: For the information of the commanding general I have the honor to report that no hostile shot has been fired in this district since Sunday, three weeks ago. Over 200 bushwhackers have accepted the terms offered them at Lexington. Small parties have come here and at other places. The citizens who do not help up are vexed at the course pursued. The think we should meet these fellows in the brush and kill them, or else violate plighted faith when they are in our power. We have been very anxious to find them in the brush. No one can judge of the difficulties attending the attempt until he tries to do so. It took Dave Pool nearly a week to collect his small band of forty. The men were lying by twos and threes in the brush from the Sni Hills to the mouth of the La Mine. It is the same with other gangs; they live with their friends in the country, and are plowing or planting as we pass by. Pool ha been out with Lieutenant Saltzman, acting assistant adjutant-general, and has showed him some of the tricks of the bushwhackers, among others is that of spreading their blankets across a road and marching their horses on the blankets to prevent a trail being made. Pool is doing good work. The Governor promises him full pardon if he keeps on as he has now started. Some of the surrendered men are abusing their privileges. I have notified the

45 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

