
bushwhackers that the mercy extended to them is unparalleled, and that we expect them to keep the same good faith which we show them. If they step over the line of their obligations they will be arrested and shot without trial. It is useless to depend upon civil authorities here; the very men who are most fierce in their denunciations of the military arm for protecting rebels are the men who dare not go before a justice of the peace or a grand jury to testify against the culprits. Farmers are returning to their farms. No one need be afraid to travel alone north of this point. There was a design of Shelby to get his men in by squads, and to bring over 5,000 Indians (as I am told by many prisoners) to make another raid, but the recent surrenders have stopped the affair.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 31, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN PINGER,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Lexington, Mo.:

SIR: The amnesty offered to those who have murdered unarmed citizens and soldiers is unparalleled. If any one of the surrendering bushwhackers violates the oath he has taken, shoot him. Inform all who are now in your sub-district, and those who may hereafter come, that we keep our word sacred and that if they do not honorably stand by their obligations they can expect no mercy.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding District.

PATTERSON, MO., May 31, 1865.

Major L. H. UTT:

I have the honor to report that Captain Smith has just returned, having been within twenty miles of Pocahontas, and caught and killed in the "Land of Promise," between Black and Saint Francis Rivers, eleven of the most notorious guerrillas in this country, and got eight or nine head of horses. He also reports a large number of Jeff. Thompson's men going south to surrender. No accident on our side. Will send a detailed account by courier.

B. H. BOSTWICK,

Captain, &amp;c.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 31, 1865.

Major-General SANBORN,

Springfield:

Do you desire to remain in the service? I desire to know, so I can make report in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 86.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

