
Arkansas River, and near Fort Cobb, Tex., we have been unable to meet any of them. It is believed by the committee and Colonel Leavenworth, the agent for these Indians, that a peace can be secured with them and they kept south of the Arkansas River, thus leaving the great Santa Fe trail free from Indians, save the bands of Sioux and a few Cheyennes, who are supposed to be on the south waters of the Platte. The committee are anxious to carry out your views about Indian affairs in regard to placing the Indians upon reservations and keeping white men away from them; and believing that such an arrangement could be made with the Plain Indians, the agent, Colonel Leavenworth, being positive that he can bring the principal men of these tribes in, and at the request of the committee I have in your name suspended Colonel Ford's expedition against these Indians until you can be heard from. There are military reasons why Ford's expedition should be stopped. First. He has not men enough to accomplish anything, and I think could but act on the defensive were he in the Indian country. Second. The Comanches have not committed any known acts of hostility, and a war with them is not desirable. Third. If the campaign is not made the Indians can be placed on the reserve south of the Arkansas and east of Fort Bascom. Fourth. An extensive war with these Indians would require 6,000 men and cost millions of money. Fifth. If the campaign is made the road will be poorly protected. There [are] other reasons which will readily suggest themselves in objection to this campaign. The committee will move to-morrow on the Fort Lyon and enter New Mexico via Raton route. Vice-President Foster wishes me to express his thanks to you for the manner in which you have authorized the expedition to be fitted out.

I am, very respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

U. S. CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Fort Learned, Kans., May 31, 1865.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Commanding District of the Upper Arkansas:

COLONEL: Until Major General John Pope can be heard from you will suspend the contemplated campaign against the Comanche, Kiowa, Cheyenne, and Arapaho Indians. This with a view to making peace with these tribes and establishing them upon reservations south of the Arkansas and east of Fort Bascom.

By command of Major General John Pope:

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 31, 1865.

Brigadier General, P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

You will see by General Pope's and General Sully's dispatches that we will have no movement toward Black Hills by General Sully. We have got to take care of the Indian there. Establish the post on Powder River, supply it, &amp;c. I shall send all the cavalry going from here well supplied with transportation. Have also ordered seventy-five

