
more teams to be sent you. When the telegraph is up let me hear from you daily. I think we should strike those Indians as soon as possible, even if we have to make two campaigns. The ordnance requisition you sent me was returned to you by mistake from the Saint Louis office. Telegraph what you want, if it is needed before requisition can be returned, and I will send it forward.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, May 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Julesburg:

The following dispatches are sent for your information. * I want to hear from my dispatch sent you, and how matters look. How much more cavalry do you want?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., May 31, 1865.

[Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Plains:]

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, Numbers 21, from your headquarters, and to state that no further notice need be taken of my communication of May 30, 1865, asking for more cavalry.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, Commanding Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP RANKIN, COLO. TER.,May 31, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, NORTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,

Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Circular, Numbers 2, headquarters North Sub-District of the Plains, May 26, 1865, by telegraph. I would respectfully state that I have no means of information concerning scouts, action or movements of troops belonging to this station prior to April 24, 1865, at which time the garrison here (consisting of a detachment of forty-five men of Company C, Seventh Iowa Cavalry) was re-enforced by two companies of my regiment. On the 26th of April Lieutenant Colonel Samuel W. Smith, Third U. S. Volunteer Infantry, took command of the troops here by command of Brigadier-General Connor, who on the 5th of May directed that the two companies above mentioned should be divided up and stationed at eight designated points along the Overland Stage line; one non-commissioned officer and ten men each at four stations east of this camp and four stations west, these men to be reported in the strength of this garrison. These stations are about ten miles apart, the farthest one

---------------

*See Sully to Pope, 26th, beginning, "My troops," p. 617; and Pope to Dodge, 29th, p. 665.

---------------

