
Mississippi River are hereby notified that there must be no military interference to its coming out of the country. Such Confederate cotton as comes into their possession will be turned over to the agents of the Treasury Department. For the special purpose of looking up Confederate cotton, however, commanding officers are not authorized to employ military authority in any way that might embarrass the public service or impede the shipment of cotton in private hands.

By command of Major General P. H. Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, June 1, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Major-General CANBY,

New Orleans:

You will see by recent orders that Mississippi is no longer a department. You can assign any officer under you to the command of that district.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP TEMPEST,

Mound City, June 1, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your telegram of May 26 states: "By the terms of the convention entered into to-day the men and material of the C. S. Navy in the terms* are to be surrendered to Mississippi (and?) West Gulf Squadron. " I understand by this that the surrender of the men and material of the C. S. Navy within the limits of my command is to be made to me as commander of the Mississippi Squadron, and that such men and material of the C. S. Navy as may be at Galveston and other Gulf ports will be surrendered to Acting Rear-Admiral Thatcher, commander of the West Gulf Squadron, as being within the limits of his command. This course would be regular and proper, and I hope that it will be observed. The same portion of the rebel naval force should not be surrendered to both squadrons. Will you be good enough to give me an official copy of the convention and acquaint me with the steps you may take, to avoid confusion and insure regularity in the terms of surrender of the men and material of the C. S. Navy within the limits of my command, which extends from New Orleans up the Mississippi, embracing its tributaries and connecting rivers and bayous.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

U. S. NAVAL HEADQUARTERS,

148 Canal Street, New Orleans, La., June 1, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Army and Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of dispatches this moment received from the commanding officer of the naval forces

---------------

*In the original dispatch it reads "in the Trans-Mississippi Department. "

---------------

