
on the coast of Texas, which, with the correspondence between Captain B. F. Sands and General Magruder, will inform you of the present condition of affairs on the Texan coast. From private information received by the Florida (just arrived), I infer that a mob has possession of Galveston and its defenses.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

[Inclosure.]

U. S. STEAMER FORT JACKSON,

Off Galveston, Tex., May 30, 1865.

[Admiral H. K. THATCHER:]

ADMIRAL: Yesterday a flag of truce from Galveston brought me a communication from Major-General Magruder, a copy of which I herewith inclose, together with my reply, which I hope will meet with you approval. I had not the force to garrison and hold those places, and I felt it incumbent upon me not to commit any act that would interrupt or retard the present negotiations. The people and army of Texas are very much excited, and divided in regard to these negotiations, and we must be very cautious not to act so as to embarrass the commissioners. I did not accede to their proposition for an armistice as I wished to reserve the right to act if you should not approve of my course, but I have refrained from any act that might interfere with the negotiations pending.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. F. SANDS,

Captain Commanding Second Division, West Gulf Squadron.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Houston, May 27, 1865.

Captain B. F. SANDS,

Commanding West Gulf Squadron, off Galveston:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 25th instant, with which I am satisfied. It may be desirable to remove some troops from Galveston Island and substitute others, but I have to assure you that there will be no increase or diminution of the garrison at that place, and I have given the order to Colonel Mann, commanding at Galveston, to impress upon his men to do no act to disturb the present relation existing between the fleet and the garrison. I have left small garrisons at Sabine Pass and the mouth of the Brazos. I would suggest, in the same sincere spirit which you manifest to settle these momentous difficulties between the State of Texas and the United States, that you give orders without delay to the commanding officer of the blockading squadron off Sabine Pass and the mouth of the Brazos to preserve the status which at present exists until the termination of the present negotiations or until you have received other instructions from the U. S. authorities, and I inclose you copies of orders to the commanding officers at Sabine Pass and at the mouth of Brazos, which I beg leave to request that you will send by steamer under flag of truce as addressed. They are left open for your perusal. The delivery of these two orders will, I think, insure the continuance of the present status. The frankness with which I submit these orders to you is the best evidence of the sincerity of my intentions to act in perfect good

