
faith. The headquarters of the Trans-Mississippi Department having been moved to this place. General Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, will be here to-day. Should he disapprove of the course I have pursued you will be immediately notified, but should you hear nothing further from me you may consider that General Smith has approved of my actions.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding Dist. of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. STEAMER FORT JACKSON,

Off Galveston, Tex., May 29, 1865.

Major General J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 27th instant, expressing your satisfaction with mine of the 25th instant and inclosing copies of your orders to your commanding officers at Sabine Pass and Velasco, with request to forward them by steamer under flag-of-truce as addressed. I have to state that the commanding officer of the U. S. vessel blockading off Sabine Pass has reported to me the evacuation by the forces of the forts there on the 24th instant, and that upon visiting them he found the guns spiked and forts abandoned. I have a similar report from the officer off Velasco, and I will direct that all communications there shall be by flag-of-truce. Appreciating the frankness with which you submit to me your orders to the commanding officers of these places, I will dispatch them as requested.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SANDS,

Commanding Second Division, West Gulf Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., June 1, 1865.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, &c.:

GENERAL: Under instructions from Lieutenant-General Grant, you will proceed with as little delay as practicable with the force under your command to the Rio Grande, for the purpose of occupying such points on that frontier as may be found expedient and proper. Brownsville, Ringgold Barracks, and Roma will probably be the points that should first be occupied, but the state of affairs on the Rio Grande when you reach Brazos may determine the propriety of occupying other points. Beyond the mere occupation of the country and the measures to be taken for the restoration of peace and order, our international relations with Mexico will require your serious and attentive consideration, and you will find full information upon this point in the instructions from the War and State Departments on file in the office of the commanding officer at Brazos Santiago. It will be advisable, for the present at least, to establish your depot at Brazos and construct as soon as possible the railroad from that place to the Rio Grande. Railroad material will be sent to you for that purpose as soon as possible. Lumber for

