HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Brashear City, La., June 1, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The battalion of the Ninety-eighth, under Colonel Norton, arrived at New Iberia last evening and the Cornie returned to-day. Mr. Tucker, the mayor of Franklin, in behalf of the people, sends a written request that provisions may be sent up there for sale. He says it is absolutely necessary to prevent a great amount of suffering. Can I allow private parties to take provisions from this place up there to sell? The mayor asks that provisions may be sold from the commissary to those who have money, and to those who have none that issues may be made.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Washington, La., June 1, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions received from your headquarters I left Brashear City with my command on board steamer Bart Able at 10 p. m. on the 31st of May, with thirty days' subsistence and forage, en route for this point. I arrived here without accident at 9 a. m. on the 1st of June. On nearing the town I was met by Captain L. D. Prescott, commanding the enemy's forces at this point, under a flag of truce. Captain Prescott's business was only to inquire whether the Trans-Mississippi Department had been surrendered. I informed him that the surrender had taken place, and demanded the surrender of the forces under his command. He refused to accede to this demand, stating as a reason that he had no official knowledge of General Kirby Smith's surrender. With a view to prevent useless bloodshed I then propose an armistice to allow Captain Prescott time to obtain official information of the surrender from his superior headquarters at Alexandria, ninety miles distant, he agreeing to dispatch a special courier immediately for this purpose, with the concurrence of Captain Leonard, of the Navy, commanding U. S. steamer Carrabasset, which accompanied me, and an armistice of five days was agreed upon. A copy of the agreement is inclosed herewith. My command in the meantime is encamped on the east side of the town, while the enemy, numbering some 125 men, are encamped on the south side. Pickets are stationed to prevent intercourse between our men and those of the enemy. Besides Captain Prescott's command there is in this parish (Saint Landry) an organization known as the First Regiment Louisiana Reserve Corps, numbering about 600 men, commanded by one Colonel Thompson. It is composed of all men beyond the conscript age who remain at their homes subject to the call of their officers, who are in turn subject to the orders of any Confederate officers of their active forces. Several prominent citizens of Opelousas, including the mayor, have waited upon me with a request from Colonel Thompson that he be allowed to preserve the organization of his command, retain his arms, and assist me in suppressing jayhawking, which is represented as being carried on to an alarming extent in the parish. These citizens admit that Thompson's command is a Confederate

