
organization. I replied to this request that it could not be granted; that the organization must be surrendered and the arms delivered to the U. S. authorities, when the men would be paroled to return to their homes,&amp;c. As I understand General Orders, Numbers 50, current series, from headquarters Department of the Gulf, these men can not be allowed to bear arms even for the purpose of assisting our own forces. I have requested Thompson to visit me in person, that I might explain the matter to him, but he has not yet done so. Captain Prescott agrees to surrender as soon as his courier returns from Alexandria which will probably be on the 5th instant. Captain Leonard will remain with his boat until the present state of affairs is changed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. RICE,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, LA., June 1, 1865.

We, the undersigned commandants respectively of the U. S. military forces, the U. S. naval forces, and the C. S. military forces at this point, do hereby enter into and agree to observe an armistice in the following terms:

First. All hostilities are to be suspended between the forces commanded by us, respectively, until such time as Captain L. D. Prescott, commanding C. S. forces, shall be able to receive orders and instructions from his superior headquarters, such time not to extend beyond 12 m. on the 6th day of June, 1865, at which time this armistice shall cease.

Second. Our respective commands to remain during the continuance of this armistice in their respective camps as now located. Third. All public property controlled by Captain L. D. Prescott to remain in statu quo during the continuance of this armistice. Fourth. It is further agreed that each uses his utmost influence to prevent acts of hostility by other parties not included in this armistice.

JOHN L. RICE,

Lieutenant Colonel 75th U. S. Colored Infty., Commanding U. S. Military Forces.

EZRA LEONARD,

Actg. Vol. Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, Commanding U. S. Steamer Carrabasset.

L. D. PRESCOTT,

Captain, Commanding Detach. Second Louisiana Cavalry, Washington, La.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF ALEXANDRIA,Alexandria, La., June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant N. BURBANK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to instructions from department headquarters I have the honor to report that having arrived here on the 25th ultimo I am unable to say much of the animus of the people. I would state, however, that owing to the high stage of water in Red River great numbers of the inhabitants, both white and black, have been thrown out of employment temporarily, and much destitution and suffering is likely to ensue. The levees in front of Alexandria broke on the night of the 30th ultimo, and the town and country beyond are now flooded. Three brick houses in town have already fallen, and the block known as the Ice House, the largest in the place, is being undermined and will probably fall. It is doubtful whether the waters will abate in season for those planters whose farms are overflowed to make even a subsistence. I am doing all I can to aid the poor people by giving

