HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,April 11, 1865 - 2. 50 p. m.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

General Blunt is on his way to Saint Louis. Left Paola to-day, I suppose. Telegraph him wherever he may be to remain there. Dispatches have been sent by telegraph by General Pope.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,April 11, 1865 - 2. 50 p. m.

Major-General BLUNT, Paola:

Well authenticated [reports] represent Stand Watie with 600 or 800 men advancing on Southern Kansas. I wish you to remain in South Kansas until that force is driven back. It may possibly be necessary to call out some Kansas militia. If so I wish you to be there to take command. Keep me advised frequently. Acknowledge receipt of this dispatch.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,April 11, 1865 - 11. 30 p. m. (Received 9 a. m. 12th.)

Major-General POPE:

Your telegram of this date just received. Captain Donovan, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, stationed at Eureka, reports that on the 9th instant a rebel force of Indians and whites under Stand Watie, numbering 600, were at the junction of the Whitewater and Walnut, fifty miles south of Eureka; 300 troops were started to the point threatened yesterday. Colonel Blair, who is a vigilant and reliable officer, will be ready to leave Fort Scott to-morrow morning with about 150 of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry and a section of guns. The militia of southwestern counties are advised of the threatened raid. They are well armed, and can be put into the field without delay. I have directed Colonel Blair to call out a portion of them, if necessary; but if the rebel force is no larger than is represented they will not be required. I will advise you promptly of all information I may receive relative to this force.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PAOLA, April 11, 1865 - 10 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

The forces reported by Colonel Ford's scouts as being on Whitewater are doubtless the same referred to by Colonel Blair at the junction of Whitewater and Walnut, fifty miles south of Eureka, and where dispatch was sent you yesterday. I have directed Colonel Blair to call out the militia of the southwestern counties in case he has not sufficient force to repel any threatened raid. The militia are well armed and can be made available without delay. I will keep you advised of any further information I may obtain.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

