
11. The Third Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers will report for temporary duty to Brigadier General G. D. Wagner, commanding Saint Louis District.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY Brigadier, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,Benton Barracks, Mo., June 1, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward a statement of the total enlisted men present and number of horses drawn in each regiment of this command. Each commanding officer was instructed to draw from 5 to 10 per cent. less horses than he has men from the fact that no officer can ever turn out his whole command for actual field service. The sick present and in hospital, with detached men in the quartermaster, commissary, and hospital departments, none of whom require horses, reduce the effective force of every regiment in about the above ratio. Each regiment has drawn only the number of horses it can actually turn out for duty at bugle call, excepting the Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, the commanding officer of which has drawn twenty-one horses more than his total enlisted men. I would have recalled the surplus (about forty) horses from this regiment, but the men moved to the steamers immediately after receiving the stock, and I did not get in from the quartermaster's department returns of the horses issued early enough to do so. I presume the surplus stock should be turned over to the quartermaster's department at Leavenworth. Total enlisted men present Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, 466; total number of horses drawn Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, 421; total enlisted men present Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, 434; total number of horses drawn Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, 485; total enlisted men present Third Missouri Cavalry, 761; total number of horses drawn Third Missouri Cavalry, 728; total enlisted men present Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, 648; total number of horses drawn Eleventh Indiana Cavalry, 577. There are 323 enlisted men (four companies) detached from the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry serving under Brevet Major-General Wilson, and also 25 men with the regimental quartermaster of the same regiment under Brevet Major-General Hatch, at Eastport, Miss. The other regiments are all present.

With much respect, I remain, your most obedient and very humble servant,

OLIVER WELLS,

Colonel Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 100. Rolla, Mo., June 1, 1865.

1. The commanding officer Forty-ninth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers will detail one company of his command to move without delay to Little Piney, Mo. On arriving at Little Piney the officer in command will detach one-half of the company, under the command of a lieutenant, to move forthwith to Big Piney, Mo., and relieve the detachment Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers now stationed at that point. On being relieved by the detachment Forty-ninth Infantry

