
to be taken up to Sweetwater by Captain Lybe for the use of Lieutenant Bretney's men at that point and farther west, they being out of rations, and no other chance of being supplied in time to prevent suffering. I took the responsibility of making the foregoing arrangements, believing they were necessary, and that without them communication by telegraph would be indefinitely cut off. If I could have communicated with sub-district headquarters I should, of course, have awaited orders from you; but I could not, and, in my judgment, the emergency admitted of no delay. If my action is disapproved, on notification I will at once order the return of Captain Green and Lieutenant Bretney. I have the honor also to state that rations should at once be forwarded for the Eleventh Ohio and Third U. S. Volunteers, and unless soon done the former command will be out, and also without means to pay that borrowed from Lieutenant Harper, which will be needed for use of the regiment before the expiration of the present month. It is a twenty days' journey with teams from Fort Laramie to South Pass, Captain Lybe's farthest station, which is only rationed to the last of June, present month.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. PLUMB,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

SIOUX CITY, June 1, 1865.

(Via Omaha 3rd. Received 10. 45 a. m. 4th.)

Major General JOHN POPE:

I am waiting for General Curtis' orders. When I get to Fort Pierre I can tell what ought to be done; till then I can't. If you can, I would like to have some of that cavalry. I can do good service with them. If sent by railroad to Saint Joe they can overtake me. Grass is good. I have caught a large number of rebel soldiers.

SULLY,

General.

[JUNE 2, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 105, 106, and 107, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to the reduction of the volunteer forces, removal of restrictions on trade, &amp;c., see Vol. XLVI, Part III, pp. 1247, 1248.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES:

By your patriotic devotion to your country in the hour of danger and alarm-your magnificent fighting, bravery, and endurance-you have maintained the supremacy of the Union and the Constitution overthrown all armed opposition to the enforcement of the laws, and of the proclamation forever abolishing slavery-the cause and pretext of the rebellion-and opened the way to the rightful authorities to restore order and inaugurate peace on a permanent and enduring basis on every foot of American soil.

Your marches, sieges, and battles, in distance, duration, resolution, and brilliancy of result dim the luster of the world's past military achievements, and will be the patriot's precedent in defense of liberty and right in all time to come.

