
In obedience to your country's call you left your homes and families and volunteered in its defense. Victory has crowned your valor and secured the purpose of your patriot hearts, and with the gratitude of your countrymen, and the highest honors a great and free nation can accord, you will soon be permitted to return to your homes and families conscious of having discharged the highest duty of American citizens.

To achieve these glorious triumphs, and secure to yourselves, your fellow-countrymen, and posterity the blessings of free institutions tens of thousands of your gallant comrades have fallen and sealed the priceless legacy with their lives. The graves of these a grateful nation bedews with tears, honors their memories, and will ever cherish and support their stricken families.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, La., June 2, 1865.

(Received 9. 25 a. m. 3rd.)

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Please notify the lieutenant-general of my arrival here this morning.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 2, 1865-10. 30 a. m.

Bvt. Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

General Canby sent General Herron to Shreveport with 4,000 men. I met this force at the mouth of Red River on its way up. General Reynolds at Little Rock was directed to send 5,000 troops to the same place, and General Allen called on to furnish the necessary boats to transport them there. Nine thousand men will be used to garrison Alexandria and Shreveport. General Granger is in readiness with 6,000 men at Mobile to sail for Galveston as soon as transportation arrives. The indications are that most of the Texas troops have disbanded and gone home. This may have been caused by a dissatisfaction with the military authorities who contemplated surrendering. I will see the commissioners sent here by General Magruder to-day and perhaps may get a better idea of the condition of affairs.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 272. Washington, June 2, 1865.

* * * *

76. By direction of the President, Captain Walter McFarland, Corps of Engineers, is hereby assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general of the Thirteenth Army Corps, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under act of July 17, 1862.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

