SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 130. Little Rock, Ark., June 2, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Batteries D and E, Second Missouri Artillery, are relieved from duty in this department, and will be reported without delay at headquarters Department of the Missouri at Saint Louis, Mo., for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation. Before leaving their present position all public property for which officers of these batteries are responsible, except sufficient equipage for the journey, will be turned over to the proper staff departments. Ordnance stores of Battery D will be turned over to the ordnance officer of Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and of Battery E to such officer as Brevet Major-General Salomon, commanding post of Little Rock, may designate.

3. Pursuant to orders from headquarters Military Division of the Missouri, the battalion in this department of Third Regiment Wisconsin Cavalry (dismounted) will proceed without delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and be reported to Major General G. M. Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, for orders. All officers and enlisted men of this regiment within this department will at once rejoin their command at Devall's Bluff. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

AND U. S. FORCES AT DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK.,

June 2, 1865.

Colonel H. MATTSON,

Commanding at Jacksonport, Ark.:

COLONEL: The following telegram has been received from headquarters department: "Instructions of May 27 have no relation to home colonies. " A copy of the instructions referred to was furnished you with directions thereon to carry out the provisions in the case of John B. Brown, of Izard County. If before the receipt of this you have issued any orders touching this case you will recall them with as little delay as possible, so as to leave Mr. Brown's company undisturbed in the possession of their arms and accouterments. You will see by Special Orders, Numbers 130, from the headquarters Department of Arkansas, that it is not the wish or intention of the department commander to establish posts in this portion of the State. Nevertheless, you will exercise the same authority as though Jacksonport was a separate post. Your provost-marshal will collect license and impose penalties as is done at Devall's Bluff. You will permit no unauthorized trading by boats nor the opening of trade stores, except by parties who have the proper authority from the Treasury Department. What is done at Jacksonport in these matters will be done by the commanding officers at the other stations. The peace and quietude, as well as the police, of the stations will for the present be entirely in the hands of the military. Your Circular Numbers 2 is approved, and the instructions you therein gave to the commanding officers are applicable to you and your command.

By order of Brigadier General Alexander Shaler:

CHAS. E. HOWE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

