
the quartermaster will issue to your brigade. You will yourself, with the rest of your brigade, proceed up the river to Fort Leavenworth and report to Major-General Dodge at that place. Your detachment with the 1,600 horses, will be shipped and leave for the same destination to-morrow. Direct the officer whom you leave in command of the detachment to send to Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster, Department of the Missouri, for transportation to Benton Barracks, where the detachment will remain until to-morrow. Instruct commanding officer of detachment to report with his detachment to Colonel Bonneville, commanding Benton Barracks, upon his arrival.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 123. Saint Louis, Mo., June 2, 1865.

1. The Third Illinois Cavalry, Colonel R. H. Carnahan commanding, having reported in compliance with instructions from department headquarters, will report for duty to Colonel Bonneville, commanding Benton Barracks.

By order of Brigadier General George D. Wagner:

H. HANNAHS,Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,

OFFICE ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

Rolla, Mo., June 2, 1865.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 95, current series, and letter of instructions of May 23, 1865, headquarters District of Rolla, Mo., I moved with my command May 24, 1865, to Licking, Texas County, Mo., thence south via West Plains, Mo., to the State line of Arkansas, and returned via Thomasville, Oregon County, and Licking, Texas County, Mo., to this place, where I arrived June 1, 1865. On arriving near the State line of Arkansas I sent communications (in compliance with letter of instructions) to the leaders of bands of rebels with a view to the surrender of their commands, in reply to which I received information from T. R. Freeman, colonel commanding brigade, C. S. Army, and M. J. Norman, major commanding Fristoe's Regiment, C. S. Army, that proper terms for their surrender to the U. S. authorities had already been entered into by Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, to whose Sub-District of Northern Arkansas the commands of Freeman and Norman, as well as all other rebel soldiers now in Oregon County, Mo., belong. (Copies of said communications are herewith inclosed). The amnesty oath prescribed in the President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, was administered by me to ninety rebel soldiers belonging to the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas who were absent from their commands in Oregon County, Mo., a list of whose names are herewith inclosed. Each day after passing south of Licking, Mo., side scouts were kept out from fifteen to eighteen miles from the main road over which I marched. Two small bands of guerrillas were met. Two guerrillas and their horses were killed. My command had

