
PAOLA, April 11, 1865.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

Move to-morrow to the southwest with such force as you have, and if you have reason to apprehend immediate danger make your march as rapidly as possible. Keep me advised by messenger to Fort Scott, and from there by telegraph, of all information of importance you may obtain relative to the rebel force. General Pope wishes me not to leave Kansas until the threatened danger is passed. I shall go to Leavenworth to-morrow and remain there until I learn something definite in regard to the reported forces of Stand Watie and the extent of the rebel movement. I will forward the Forty-eighth Wisconsin as soon as they arrive.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, April 11, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor to make the following statement for the information of the general commanding: There are in this district eight companies of the Second U. S. Volunteers, with their complement of officers. These officers having just received their commissions, and none of them having yet been mustered into the service, it is impracticable at present to send them to Fort Leavenworth to be mustered, as they cannot be spared from their present station without great detriment to the service. Also the term of service of some of the troops of my district (Second Colorado Cavalry) will soon expire. I would therefore respectfully ask that a mustering officer may be ordered t report to me for the purpose of mustering these officers in; also to muster out such troops serving in this district whose term of service will soon expire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post from Fort Dodge, having accompanied the command that left here the 5th instant, under Captain Pearce, for the purpose of establishing that post. There was no fresh sign of Indians seen on the road. Everything indicates that they are living up to their agreement with Colonel Leavenworth to keep off the Santa Fe road until their peace propositions are heard from. The buffalo are getting scarce on the river. None were seen above the Mulberry Crossing, fifty miles from here, and very few between this post and that point. It is my opinion they have nearly all moved north. The Indians will be forced to follow them unless they have their summer supplies already laid in. Captain Pearce, when arriving on the ground, determined on locating the new post on the site of Adkins' ranch, about two miles above the head of the Dry Route, for many reasons, that point offering many natural advantages

