
zens of the United States along the Rio Grande, resulting from the present dearth of supplies, and, as the region named is far from department headquarters, and necessity for prompt action therein may often arise, the interest of the public service imperatively demands that Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, on duty at these headquarters, remain temporarily at or in the vicinity of Franklin, Tex. And he is hereby empowered in my name to give such orders and instructions with reference to combinations of the troops for defense as unforeseen contingencies may render necessary; with reference to calling upon citizens for their personal aid with arms in the defense of their homes; with reference to affording all possible aid by issuing subsistence stores to the suffering poor; with reference to reducing, if necessary or expedient, the number of employees at any of the posts within the district named; with reference to the removal or destruction of stores or property to prevent the same from falling into the hands of the enemy, who may be too strong to be resisted at the point where said stores or property may happen then to be, and with reference to seeing that all the troops referred to are kept supplied with ammunition, subsistence, and clothing, and these as far as practicable from the depot on timely requisitions. Whenever in his judgment it is expedient, supplies may be drawn from any one of the posts to the other by his authority. These duties are devolved upon Colonel Davis in addition to those pertaining to his office as inspector-general, and such reports, requisitions, &amp;c., as he may require from post or other commanders within the named limits will be promptly rendered, and finally, all his orders in my name will implicitly and immediately be obeyed. Should it be necessary, in the judgment of Colonel Davis, to send out scouts or spies to observe and give timely notice of the approach of an enemy, this is his authority for so doing.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Captain, First Vet. Infty. California Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 2, 1865.

(Received 10. 45 a. m. 4th.)

Major General J. POPE:

Will respond by letter concerning brigadiers of my command. I desire to remain in the Army. Our troops have disposed of six more of the murdering band of Sioux in their attempt to cross our lines near Wadsworth.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 2, 1865-12 m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Saint Paul

I will send you up a cavalry regiment in a day or two, as [soon as] one reaches here. Several are on the way from Washington. Keep me advised about affairs in Minnesota.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

