HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 2, 1865-12 m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Saint Paul:

You must do what you think judicious about posting troops at Bayfield. You are on the ground and can tell the necessity better than I can. The reports from Minnesota are so contradictory it is difficult at this distance to make out what are the facts. One officer says that Chippewas are leaving this part of the country, which makes it certain to him that Sioux are coming into it. Another says that Chippewas and Sioux who have been enemies for all time are allied to commit hostilities. Other reports equally contradictory were sent here without explanation. Please report to me yourself the condition of affairs. I cannot give you instructions about details under your own eye. The troops in your department are under your own command to be disposed of as you think best. The cavalry regiment I will send you as soon as it reaches here.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Washington, June 2, 1865-9 p. m.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding, Saint Paul:

You will immediately relieve all general and staff officers within your command whose services can be dispensed with and order them to proceed without delay to their respective places of residence, and report thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army. You will also report the names of all officers relieved under this order to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

By command of the lieutenant-general:

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF MINNESOTA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Paul, June 2, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest:

GENERAL: I am very apprehensive that unless an immediate demonstration be made against the savages now or recently congregated at Turtle Mountain, Devil's Lake, &amp;c., they will attack by raiding parties, if not more formidably, our entire western frontier. I need not say that such a demonstration on their part would result in nearly depopulating many of our border counties and render desolate thousands of homes, many of which pertain to gallant citizens now absent in the Army of the Union. Much of the panic which would ensue would doubtless be baseless and discreditable to the men who ought to stand by and defend their homes, but I must take matters as they are; and the repeated raids upon our border have so alarmed our people that in too many instances whole neighborhoods abandon their homes upon the first appearance of a raiding detachment of savages. In view of all the circumstances I respectfully urge the following programme: First. The vigilant continuance

