
of all the defensive measures already adopted. Second. A prompt, vigorous, and continuous campaign against the savages at Devil's Lake, Turtle Mountain, or wherever they may be found, by a regiment or two from Minnesota in addition to the expedition now moving up the Missouri under General Sully. Third. The establishment, as early as practicable, of a strong and permanent post at or near Devil's Lake.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN MILLER,

Governor of Minnesota.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 2, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: I received this morning your letter of the 26th ultimo. A boat was sent up a week since with abundant supplies for you. Two hundred thousand rations and a duplicate of ordnance and other things lost by sinking of boats. General Curtis has sent your orders what to do. I have only to say execute them. You know the conditions on which you are to make peace with Indians, very full instructions on that subject having been given you long since. It is, of course, desirable that peace be made on those terms, if possible, this summer. If any publications have been made in the papers at Sioux City or elsewhere, abusive of any army officers and making public the contents of any official communications which can be directly traced to any officer of the Indian Department, please send me copies, with a list of witnesses, to substantiate their publication by these parties. I will at once lay the matter before the new Secretary of the Interior, who I am satisfied will not permit differences of views and policy between officers serving under the War and Interior Departments to be made the subject of controversy and abuse in the newspapers. At all events I will test the matter fully. Acknowledge always the receipt of my letters and dispatches. I cannot know that you have received and are acting upon them otherwise.

I am, general, very respectfully, your ob

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 2, 1865-2. 25 a. m.

(Via Council Bluffs.)

Brevet Major-General SULLY,

Sioux City:

General Curtis has given your orders what to do. Execute his orders. You have my orders about what to say and what treaties to make with Indians. I trust you will be prompt and energetic. Everything is in motion on the plains west of you under Generals Dodge and Connor. It seems to me you want too much. Boat loaded with supplies left here a week ago for you to Fort Rice.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

