
9. Captain J. W. Todd, chief of ordnance, Department of the Gulf, is hereby ordered to assume charge of the Baton Rouge Arsenal, La., including all public buildings, property, &amp;c., appertaining thereto. The chiefs of the various staff departments will give the proper instructions to have all stores, &c., not ordnance property, removed at once. The commanding officer of the District of Baton Rouge will direct that officers and soldiers occupying quarters and barracks belonging to the arsenal shall vacate them, and will have such guards furnished to protect the grounds, buildings, &c., from injury or depredation as Captain Todd, or such officer as shall be designated by him to take charge, may require.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 81. New Orleans, La., June 3, 1865.

I. Under the authority of War Department General Orders, Numbers 95, of the 27th [17th] ultimo, the undersigned assumes command of the Department of the Gulf, embracing the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, and relinquishes the command to Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Army, of so much of the late Division of West Mississippi as is not embraced in the limits of the present Department of the Gulf.

II. For convenience of administration and control the following districts are established: District of Louisiana, headquarters New Orleans, La. ; District of Mississippi, headquarters Jackson, Miss. ; District of Alabama, headquarters Montgomery, Ala. ; District of Florida, headquarters Tallahassee, Fla. With the same view, such sub-districts as may be required by the interests and convenience of the service will be organized.

III. District and other commanders will immediately report by the quickest means of communication the number, character, and location of the troops under their command; the condition of the country occupied by them; the depots from which and the routes by which they are supplied; the quantity and character of the supplies that can be procured in the country at less cost than they can be furnished from the general depot; the character and present condition of the railroad, telegraphic, and other means of communication, and any other information or suggestions that may be useful.

IV. Staff officers who may become supernumerary in consequence of these changes will be reported by name, with appropriate recommendations in each case.

V. In addition to the stated returns and reports transmitted through the prescribed channels, copies of the following will be sent direct to department headquarters, viz: 1. Tri-monthly returns of the troops. 2. Summary statement of money received and expended. 3. Trit-monthly return of means of transportation. 4. Tri-monthly report of forage on hand. 5. Tri-monthly report of subsistence on hand.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

