
and receiving no word from it, I started up, bringing with me two companies of First Indiana Heavy Artillery and the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant-Commander Fitzhugh sending the gun-boats Benton, Ouachita, and Fort Hindman. We reached Alexandria on the evening of the 2nd instant without molestation. To-day the forts and other public property have been turned over, and the navy have received the iron-clad gun-boat Missouri. The fort on the north side of the river is in good condition, mounting fourteen guns of various calibers and equipments complete. Eight pieces of field artillery have been turned over, and up to the present time about 400 stand of small-arms. Not over 1,000 stand will be received at this point, the great majority of troops having carried their arms home. A moderate supply of ammunition and a number of large torpedoes have also delivered to the ordnance officer. Nothing has been found yet in the way of quartermaster's or commissary stores. All cavalry and artillery horses have been carried off to the country, while everything with wheels has been sent into Texas. Brigadier-General Andrews, provost-marshal-general for General Canby, reached here this morning with the necessary blanks, and I have designated an officer to commence paroling at once. As soon as one regiment of infantry arrives I shall start for Shreveport and put matters in shape there. I learn that the Missouri and Arkansas troops have preserved their organization, and intend surrendering the public property in their possession in good condition. There will probably be from 6,000 to 7,000 of them to be sent from Shreveport by way of the Mississippi River to Arkansas and Missouri. There is a general disposition on the part of officers and men to carry out the terms of surrender and get home as soon as possible, and I look for almost perfect quiet in thirty days. I have ordered the field artillery, small-arms, and ammunition to be sent to New Orleans without delay. The forts will not be disturbed until special orders are received concerning them. Red River has fallen ten feet within the past two weeks, and is now receding at the rate of eight inches in twenty-four hours, but there is no trouble for boats drawing twelve feet of water even yet. I think it important, however, that supplies for Shreveport should be sent there without delay, and also for any point on Washita River that it is intended to occupy. Before leaving Baton Rouge I arranged for a tow-boat to bring to Alexandria two barges of coal, and at the mouth of Red River I stopped two more for this place. I would request that the chief quartermaster of the department be instructed to see that the coal has started. Upon arriving at Shreveport I will report the conditions of affairs at Natchitoches and that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 19. Shreveport, La., June 3, 1865.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 142, extract 12, dated headquarters Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La., May 29, 1865, the headquarters of this command are transferred from Baton Rouge, La., to Shreveport, La. Commanding officers of posts in Northern Division will make the reports required by existing orders to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

