
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 20. Shreveport, La., June 3, 1865.

For the benefit and information of planters and others living within the limits of this command, the following information as to the future policy of the Government in reference to labor is announced: There are no longer any slaves in the United States; all persons heretofore held as such became free by virtue of the Executive proclamation of January 1, 1863, commonly known as the Emancipation Proclamation. All attempts to retard the action of this proclamation or to evade its provisions will be considered as but a new manifestation of the spirit of resistance to the lawful authority of the Government. In this regard as in all others the armies of the United States will support and require obedience to hew laws; at the same time to all who are disposed to submit quietly to the laws of the land, the greatest possible assistance will be given, and it is recommended to all such that the freedmen be employed under specific contracts at reasonable wages and kindly treated. No encouragement will be given the latter class to leave their former masters, and they must learn that they can not be supported in idleness or allowed to congregate at military posts. To be worthy of their freedom they must be industrious and honest. Their status will in no way be compromised by remaining at home and working for wages. Until the arrival of authorized agents of the Freedmen's Bureau, all needful information can be obtained from post commanders and provost marshals, and it is made the duty of these officers to see that the spirit of this order is enforced. By the co-operation of the people in this part of the State, the major-general commanding hopes to establish quiet and good order, and to assist the country to recover from its present deplorable condition.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST LOUISIANA, Numbers 3. Baton Rouge, La., June 3, 1865.

The following officers are announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding: Captain E. L. Hawk, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, assistant commissary of musters; Captain P. W. Harts, Sixty-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry, judge-advocate.

By command of Brigadier General, M. K. Lawler:

EDWARD HEMINGWAY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NATCHEZ, Numbers 143. Natchez, Miss., June 3, 1865.

1. Colonel G. W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, will at once station one battalion of his regiment at Fort Gibson, Miss., and remove with the remainder of his command to Rodney, Miss., assuming on his arrival at that point the command of the post of Rodney.

2. So soon as the command of Colonel G. W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, reaches Rodney, Miss., Colonel W. C. Earle, Seventieth U. S. Colored Infantry, will turn over the command of the post of Rodney to

