
over either the Five-Mile Pint or old Fort Atkinson. The guide Brodley, I directed to remain at Fort Dodge for the present to show them where to obtain woo, &amp;c. Good wood can be obtained about eight miles from Fort Dodge, on the South Branch of Pawnee or Cordwood Creek.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. JANES,

Scout, &c.

[First indorsement.]

ADJT. GEN'S. OFFICE, DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,

Fort Riley, Kans., April 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of general commanding.)

[Second indorsement.]

Write General Ford and ask him to give exact location of this fort as near as he can.

G. M. DODGE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, Numbers 1. Fort Leavenworth, April 11, 1865.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 80, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, I hereby assume command of the District of North Kansas, headquarters at Fort Leavenworth. All officers on staff duty in this district except those serving on the staff of Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, will report immediately to these headquarters with a copy of the order detailing them on such duty. The following staff officers are announced: Captain John Pratt, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Ira C. Chanc., Seventh Iowa Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant E. F. Ware, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, aide-de-camp.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2, DISTR. OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, Kans., April 11, 1865.

Captain R. CARPENTER,

Commanding Battalion Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Fort Hamer, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: By direction of the colonel commanding, I have forwarded to each of the company commanders under your command instructions for them to report here, with the least possible delay, with every available man of their respective commands; also instruction to have the men supplied with twenty days' rations of hard bread, bacon, sugar, and coffee, and to see that each man is supplied with at least 100 rounds of ammunition, and for each company to take along one company team, and if possible two to carry the rations, extra ammunition, and forage. Company F has also been instructed to bring along their howitzer and plenty of ammunition for the same. All the company

