
with transportation camp and garrison equipage, via Vienna, Mo., and Lawrence, Kans., to Fort Riley. Captain McMichael will see that proper receipts are given for all forage taken on the route by the command. The officers of the command will be held responsible for any depredations committed upon the citizens on the line of march. The command will take with them sufficient subsistence to last them until their arrival at Warrensburg.

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cassville, June 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. B. SANBORN:

SIR: Yesterday I came back from a five days' scout through the northern part of Arkansas. According to your orders I made efforts to accomplish a meeting with the leading Confederate officers in said part of the country. Finding Colonel Coffee was nowhere near, I communicated with Major J. W. Cooper, Indian Brigade, in sending him your instructions to me from May 17 last, and request him (Cooper) to surrender under the terms named therein. His answer you will please find in copy No. 1. I then directed to him what you will see in No. 2, and at about 2 p. m. on the 30th of May last I, in presence of Captain Ph. Rohrer and two lieutenants, met Major Cooper, and came after an hour's talk to the following agreement: Cooper would not surrender until caught, or ordered to do so by his superiors, but cease all hostilities against our party, and, furthermore, help us all he can in keeping down stealing, &amp;c. I agreed to this, provided it meets your approbation, and with the clear understanding that this quasi armistice would be at an end whenever he did not come up fully with his promise. To explain to you why I wrote to Cooper twice, I would say it was pretty troublesome to get him to come. After long private conversations with some of Cooper's friends I was bound, in order to see him to pledge myself of his safe coming and going whether he would surrender or not.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES M. MOORE,

Major Third Battalion, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS COOPER'S BATTALION, On the Range, May 30, 1865.

Major JAMES M. MOORE:

I have the honor to receiving your communication of to-day. As for surrendering, I do not think that I am under any compulsion to justify an honorable surrender, and shall not until I am ordered by my commander. Desiring to go to my command, I am willing to meet you in order to prevent depredations on citizens: I am willing to cease hostilities.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,JAMES W. COOPER,

Major, Commanding Cooper's Battalion, First Indian Brigade, District of Indian Territory, C. S. Army.

