
FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 3, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

You can come in and see me. The Fifteenth Kansas will march to join you, going by way of Eldorado, after Indians said to be in that section. The Thirteenth Missouri left Lawrence Friday. Seventy-five teams have been ordered to you.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., June 3, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that since my last communication, dated May 25, I have been getting everything ready to move an expedition across the Arkansas River, building boats, &amp;c., and had about 300 men at the crossing fifty miles above Fort Larned, when I received a copy of General Orders, No. 121, headquarters Department of the Missouri, ordering the immediate muster out of all cavalrymen whose term of service will expire prior to October 1, 1865, which took from my command the two companies of Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, serving in this district, and a large portion of the Second Colorado Cavalry. I immediately ordered Companies E and C, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and all those of the Second Colorado Cavalry who would be mustered out according to the above mentioned order, to Fort Riley, Kans., for muster out. Company E, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, being a howitzer company, I detailed an officer and enough men to man the guns and set them to drilling. In the meantime the U. S. Senatorial Committee on Indian Affairs arrived at Fort Larned and advised no further offensive movements. Major-General McCook issued an order stopping all offensive operations against the Indians, by order of Major-General Pope. The Indians are as hostile as ever, but so far have not succeeded in doing us much harm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, No. 111. Fort Leavenworth, June 3, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. The companies of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry remaining after the detail order in paragraph 2, of this order, will proceed immediately under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Vittum, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, to the vicinity of the Big Blue. Lieutenant-Colonel Vittum will establish his troops at such station or stations as will enable them to protect that region from hostile Indians and to escort passing trains. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JOHN. PART,Assistant Adjutant-General.

