
and will get up a party of citizens to co-operate with the military and act scouts, &amp;c. The officer who goes in command of this party should be particularly careful in guarding his own stock and in providing against a surprise, as this Indian, Jose Large, is perfectly acquainted with the country over which the troops will travel, and has with him generally about thirty warriors.

I have the honor to be, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT PAUL, June 3, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

The Chippewa matters are not immediately dangerous, and prudent action will, I hope, avoid conflict. Further investigation will be prosecuted and reported. Near Mankato new discoveries of two small bands of hostile Indians are reported and fresh excitement prevails. Every possible effort is being made to hunt down such sneaking vermin. It is also certain that in the vicinity of Devil's Lake and Mouse River, Dak. Ter., about 3,000 lodges of hostile Indians are located in several separate camps. Hurry forward the cavalry. I send papers promiscuously, but carefully sift and judge the probable truth of matters just as I have done for years past when surrounded with conflicting reports. The general appearances is not alarming, but enough to justify great caution and the need of more cavalry and more little howitzers. Sully's move up Missouri and another regiment of cavalry form this direction, both columns to demonstrate on the devils, will probably be sufficient. Small parties only may be troublesome. Colonel Adams is in pursuit of small party of Indians near Abercrombie.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Saint Paul, Minn., June 3, 1865.

His Excellency Governor S. MILLER:

Yours of yesterday in relation to Indian difficulties in your State and the remedy which you consider appropriate is duly received. In a recent letter to your adjutant-general I gave my own views of your dangers as I see them, and also, as far as seemed to me consistent with proper concealment and my knowledge, I gave my views of the purpose of the Federal Government. I am glad to see that our views generally coincide. The Government seems anxious to favor my requisitions and important changes in the destination of some troops, and a promise of re-enforcements by sending more should satisfy all of us that the fostering hand of the Government will be kindly extended toward your anxious frontier. In the meantime I have considerably increased the force of General Sibley in this district, and his force, it seems to me, is located to the best advantage and is extremely vigilant and active. I also learn with great pleasure that you have several hundred militia in service, and I hope you will have that adult men generally enrolled, organized, and armed, for with all possible efforts small bands of Indians can and may avoid our utmost vigilance, and the frontier neighborhoods in such instances must be ready to take up the pursuit. While small parties have recently crept within our lines and murdered

