
SIOUX CITY, June 3, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: As a boat is about to go down the river with Colonel Du Bois, I write you in a hurry a few lines. The colonel will tell you all about the anties of Burleigh and accompany. I leave here in a few days for Pierre. There I will see a large body of Sioux, and will be better able to tell you what is going on that I can here, and also what is best to be done. I received a very long letter from General Curtis. Although it is a private letter, it contains instructions to me what to do. It appears Sibley reports the killing of four more Indians. General Curtis thinks it may be necessary for me to go east of Devil's Lake. Of course I will go where the general orders me, but I fear I will meet no Indians whatever. He is very anxious I should say nothing about where I am to go to any one. This I don't dare do, for it would raise such a howl with the Dakota people that the world would hear it; but as far as the fear of the Indians knowing it, this they will know as soon as I strike north. The general also directs me to winter my troops at Rice. This will involve a very heavy expense, and I will require a large amount of stores sent there. I don't believe in the necessity of it whatever. If you have a large force there the Indians won't come there, or anywhere near, but will go somewhere else. A sufficient number of men left at these very remote points to protect themselves and the friendly Indians against the aggressions of the hostile Indians is all that is required. A campaign against the warlike Sioux, who are near the British line, is useless without I can cross that line. I have written to you this unofficial letter, making these suggestions. I am now 300 miles from my place for information, and can probably tell you just as much reliable information as General Sibley or General Curtis can tell you at their headquarters. What I don't like is that I receive orders to go to a certain point, which orders I have to obey, though I feel assured, whileund and can see what ought to be done, that I will do no good whatever by going where I am ordered to. I would beg leave to remind you that the term of service of my troops expires this winter, and without I direct Major Brackett's battalion to remain at Fort Rice I will have no troops to leave there, except what is left of the four companies of the First U. S. Volunteers and the battalion of the Fourth U. S. Volunteers, that is fast mustering itself out by desertion. I have caught a great many of them, and have them in the guard house. This is the reason why I have asked you for more troops, and because you telegraphed me you and some you could spare if necessary. I shall go in a few days, perfectly willing to go with what troops you my order, but the more I have the more good I can do. The reason why I write this is that you telegraph me you think I ask for too much. I have asked for nothing whatever but what your ordered me to take, and am not even able to obey your order in this respect, for I have not the number with me you authorized me to take.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, June 3, 1865.

General A. SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

Will have provisions at Fort Abercrombie if you should go to Red River, but think you may better return to Fort Rice. The hostile

