
lodges are near Devil's Lake, Mouse River, and Turtle Mountain, about 3,000 aggregate, but not united in councils or localities. Small war parties are coming down and troubling settlers, but troops are killing most of them. Look well for such parties near Spirit Lake. When can you move forward?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 4, 1865.

(Received 6th.)

Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I have collected within the last ten days the following information in respect to the condition of affairs in Texas: Nearly all the Texas soldiers disbanded before the surrender of Kirby Smith. They broke into the magazine, supplied themselves with powder, destroyed most all of the Confederate Government property, and went to their homes. This was done in the spirit, I think, of General Hindman's address, and to avoid surrender and parole. There has been a great deal of discursion on the subject of going to Mexico, and there is an undoubted intention on the part of many to go. Some are for the Imperial side and some for the Liberals, and there is a very bad element in Texas. In view of the foregoing, which is unfavorable to quiet, peaceful pursuits, and to the fact I have always believed that Maximilian's advent into Mexico was a part of the rebellion, I will advise that a strong before be put into Texas, and will order the Fourth Army Corps there as soon as sea transportation can be prepared. General Steele is off with his command to the Rio Grande. General Granger will get off as soon as the transports ordered by the Quartermaster-General get to Mobile. This delay on account of these transports is very bad. The Twenty-fifth Army Corps has not yet reported at Mobile Bay. Orders are there awaiting it. I will collect a cavalry force here to be sent as soon as transports can be obtained. This may seem like the employment of a large force to you, but it is always best to go strong-handed. The Imperialists are strengthening at Matamoras, and, according to report, to Confederate property at Brownsville, including fourteen pieces of artillery, has been taken across the river to that place.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 148. New Orleans, La., June 4, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. Captain P. C. Hains, Corps of Engineers, is assigned as chief engineer, District of Louisiana. He will also, till further orders, retain charge of the funds and property of the engineer department now in his hands, disbursing and disposing of the same under direction of the chief engineer of the department.

3. First. Lieutenant A. H. Holgate, Corps of Engineers, will immediately report of Major General P. J. Osterhaus, for assignment as chief engineer, District of Mississippi.

4. Bvt. Captain A. H. Brunham, Corps of Engineers, is relieved from duty as chief engineer, Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, and

