
will report to Major General A. J. Smith for assignment as chief engineer, District of Alabama. Until the completion of the field-works at Mobile, Captain Burnham will be stationed in that city, and give his personal attention to those works.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, June 4, 1865.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,Commanding Southern Division:

GENERAL: Please instruct General Cameron to be prepared to support the troops at Washington by any additional force that may bet needed, and to notify the commanding officer (Confederate) that Washington is one of the places designated by General Buckner and myself as one of the places to be garrisoned by the U. S. troops and for paroling the Confederate troops under the convention of May 26. The notice from General Buckner has probably been delayed by accidental causes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRASHEAR, CITY, June 4, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Bart Able has just from Washington, where she arrived with Lieutenant-Colonel Rice's command on the 1st. The pilot says she is too large to make another trip, as the water up there is falling very fast. An old bride two miles below Washington makes quiet an obstruction, and it is doubtful if our boats can go above it in future. I gather from Colonel Rice's dispatches that there may be some difficulty with Confederate soldiers there. Captain Prescott, of the late C. S. Army, has a camp of 125 men at Washington armed, and there are reports that about 600 of the Reserve Corps, under one Colonel Thompson, scattered through the country. They had no information of the surrender, and agreed to an armistice of five days until they could receive information or orders. The colonel also states that the country is full of persons from Lee's, Johnston's and Taylor's armies who have not been paroled. The gun-boat 49 will remain at Washington with Colonel Rice at present. I respectfully request that the Ohio Belle, or some other transport, be sent here for the purpose of keeping up communication will Washington and New Iberia. The Bart Able is too large, and will be sent to New Orleans to-day. The captain of the Cornie says she must go to New Orleans for a week's repairs, which leaves as but the little Camargo, which is now used to carry the mails.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

