HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA, New Orleans, La., June 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General CAMERON,Brasher City, La.:

The major-general commanding the department directs that you be prepared to support the troops at Washington by any additional force that may be needed, and that you notify the commander of the Confederate forces that Washington is one of the places designated by General Buckner and General Canby to be garrisoned by our forces, and for paroling the Confederates under the convention of May 26. Acknowledge receipt.

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Brashear City, La., June 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICE,Commanding Post at Washington, La.:

Yours of the 1st is received. You will inform the commandant of any Confederate organization that by convention between Major-General Canby and Lieutenant-General Smith on the 26th ultimo all hostilities have ceased. You will also inform him that Washington is one of the places designated by said convention to be garrisoned by our troops, and as a point where officers and men of the Confederate Army are to report to be paroled. You will also inform him, as well as other officers and men of all organizations, reserve and otherwise, that Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson, appointed by General Canby to take their paroles, is expected to be at Washington in a few days. I send you two companies of the Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry with twenty-five days' rations. If you think they are needed there you will retain them; if not, return them with the rations in the Camargo. I learn unofficially that there is a steam-boat lying at Washington. You will learn whether or not she belongs to the Government by the terms of surrender and report as soon as possible. Pending such investigation you may order her to report here.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

JAMES R. FYFFE,

First Lieutenant, Thirty-third Illinois Volunteers, and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, No. 21. Shreveport, La., June 4, 1865.

In the occupation of this country the major-general commanding desires to impress upon the officers and soldiers of this command the fact that the war is over, and in future no foraging or lawless appropriation of private property will be tolerated. After the achievements of the past four years you should not permit your glorious record to be sullied by lawless acts, for by so doing you would change the admiration of the world into contempt. It is the mission of the army now to assist in the restoration of law and order, confidence, and good feeling among the people. It would be ungenerous to do less than this, or to forget now that the authority of the United States is established and acknowledged

49 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

