
MATAMORAS, MEXICO, June 4, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

(Through Brigadier-General Brown, commanding U. S. forces, Brownsville, Tex.)

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions, I arrived here a few days since, and have but little to communicate upon the Lone Star project as yet. I would beg leave to recall to the recollection of the General-in-Chief that I mentioned Mr. J. A. Quinterro as one of the parties concerned in the affairs, and that he had had an interview with Marshal Bazaine in January last in relation to it. Mr. Q[uinterro] was here last week in close conference with General Mejia, and returned again immediately to Monterey, and will be here again in a week. He is ostensibly enlisted in the Imperial cause, but in reality is working for an uprising in Texas, the French and Mexicans to hold the frontier. Of the other parties concerned in the enterprise two have gone to Europe; one was heard of in Montgomery two hours before General Wilson's entry into that place, endeavoring to purchase horses to go to Texas; one is now in San Antonio, and when I see Mr. Quinterro I will know what is expected of me. The citizens and foreign residents of this place are wholly enlisted in the Imperialist cause. Fortifications are being thrown up from bank to bank, encircling the city. There are thirty-five guns now here for defense. There are now about 600 Belgian troops and two battalions of Mexicans here. Four thousand infantry, artillery, and cavalry have just bee sent off to Camargo, while 2,000 French troops are looked for from seaward. A camp of instruction has been established at Monterey. An officer formerly in the rebel service is now here, engaged in raising a regiment of Texans for service with the Imperialists. To sum up, it seems the enterprise I spoke of has received a sudden shock from the rapid success of the Federal arms, but is by no means extinct. What this delegation now gone to Europe may effect with those that are the followers remains to be seen, but certainly the feeling and spirit evinced by the Confederates generally and Texans in particular is most decidedly in favor of an uprising in Texas, at least assisting the Imperial against its enemies, particularly the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. CANEDO.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF BRAZOS, Brownsville, June 7, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General P. Jos. Osterhaus, chief of staff. My information is that there is now desire on the part of the Government of Mexico to interfere with the affairs of Texas. General Mejia informed me in a personal interview I had with him yesterday that the services of former Confederate officers had been offered to him, and that they had been declined, and that his instructions were to cultivate amicable relations with the Government of the United States. The captured correspondence of General Slaughter, C. S. Army, shows that the former relations of the rebels with the government of Maximilian were of a very friendly character.

E. B. BROWN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

