
been occupied by troops in this department. A copy of letter (sent by steamer cleared by my order) to the commanding officer of the Third Division is furnished for your information. Anticipating the action of that officer, I respectfully request that you will approve.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., June 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Commander W. E. FITZHUGH,Third Division, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: The city of Camden, on the Ouachita River, having been recently occupied by troops of this department, I have the honor to request that you will permit steam-boats carrying troops or supplies under authority from these headquarters to pas sup Red and Ouachita Rivers to points within this department. Recent developments and events have rendered immediate action necessary; hence this direct request to you. The attention of Admiral Lee has been invited to this matter, and it is expected that you will receive instructions for your future guidance from him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 4, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

General Connor telegraph that Indians attack some station on telegraph line daily. That he needs two more regiments of infantry and five of cavalry. Part of cavalry are now on road. Rest will be in few days. That his stock is poor. That he has no doubt Mormons are connected with depredations west of mountains. That he can supply troops west of Rocky Mountains with forage from Utah. If you can get done, and have them shipped direct to Fort Leavenworth. The trouble now mostly west of Laramie. If Captain Coryell can send me 500 more horses I would like them. Approval of Colonel Potter's estimates arrived to-day.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

(Transmitted by Pope to Grant June 5.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., June 4, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in compliance with your indorsement of May 25 ultimo, on letter of Hon. William Hall, relative to one Harry Truman, that so far as Mr. Hall pretends to state facts he is to a very great extent incorrect. Harry Truman was tried in November, 1864, by military commission convened by General Rosecrans,

