
NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 5, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

For the information of the lieutenant-general I transmit the following communication:

SOUTHWEST PASS, LA.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I arrived off Galveston last Wednesday and communicated with Kirby Smith. On Friday afternoon he came off, and after adding a short amendment to it, he signed the agreement and other arrangements for the surrender. He and his officers report that a complete disorganization of the rebel forces through the department commenced about the 20th of May. The soldiers, under the lead of some of their subordinate officers, mutinied simultaneously in all parts and plundered the Government stores, arms, ammunition, &amp;c. The people seem to be anxious that more force should be sent to General Washburn's [?] order without delay.

E. J. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

A communication from Herron at Alexandria says that the Arkansas and Missouri troops had kept together and will surrender (as per agreement with the Government) property in their possession, but that most of the other troops had gone to their homes, carrying with them their arms. Everything on wheels at Alexandria had been run to Texas. The Twenty-fifth Corps has not yet reported at Mobile Bay, nor have the six steam transports reported yet. This delay is very annoying.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 5, 1865.

(Received 6th.)

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

I respectfully request permission to detain the steamers transporting the Twenty-fifth Army Corps for a limited period. We have been much inconvenienced for want of transports. The six steamers your ordered to report at Mobile have not yet been heard from.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant-General Grant's dispatch dated Washington, May 31, p. m., informing General Sheridan that the Fourth Army Corps had been ordered to New Orleans, only reached him to-day.

J. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., June 5, 1865.

(Received 6. 35 p. m. 6th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army,Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of the 3rd in relation to railroads has been received and the necessary orders issued accordingly.

Respectfully,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

