
(see War Department, General Orders, No. 257), and all military orders or regulations restricting in any degree commercial intercourse with such section of the country are revoked. The requirements of General Orders, Nos. 63 and 65, from the headquarters of the Division of West Mississippi, will apply to the country above referred to, except that no foreign or general commerce can be allowed with any ports that are affected by the laws of blockade. The same rules will be applied to that part of the present Department of the Gulf east of the Mississippi as was not included in the limits of the late Division of West Mississippi.

By order of Major Be. E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 85. New Orleans, La., June 5, 1865.

All railroads within the limits of this department, except such as it may be absolutely necessary for the Government to run, will be turned over to the companies owning them, to be worked on their own account, but under military supervision and control, subject to the condition that they shall first comply with the requirements of the 13th section of the Treasury Regulations of May 9, 1865, and that they shall carry all Government freight at such tariff as may be established by the Quartermaster-General. Military commanders will give to these companies all necessary facilities in procuring the materials necessary for repairing or running such of these roads as may be required for military purposes, or for transporting supplies to sections of the country that are destitute, but no expenditure on the part of the Government will be incurred without the previous sanction of the War Department. All applications for authority to introduce railroad material prohibited by the Executive order of April 29, 1865, will, after approval by the district commander, be forwarded for the action of the General Superintendent of Military Railroads. If any party of these roads has been repaired at the expense of the United States, the labor and material so expended will be turned over at its appraised value to be charged against any services that may be rendered by the company in the transportation of troops or supplies for the Government. This order will not be constructed as determining any question of private interest that may be involved in this property, or as waiving any right of the Government to it, or any portion of if, as confiscatable property.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 149. New Orleans, June 5, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XI. The following-named regiments will immediately be prepared for taking the field, and reported to and held subject to the orders of Major-General Sheridan, commanding Military Division of the Southwest: Eighteenth New York Cavalry, now at New Orleans; Tenth Illinois

