
all general and staff officers in their respective departments whose services can be dispensed with, sending to these headquarters by telegraph a list of the officers thus ordered.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., June 5, 1865.

(Received 3. 20 p. m.)

Captain JOS. McC. BELL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following report to the Headquarters of the Army is furnished for the information of the major-general commanding division:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock., Ark., June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

Pursuant to instructions contained in your order of the 3rd instant, Major General J. G. Blunt and Brigadier General J. M. Thayer and J. Edwards and A. N. Duffie, also Captain C. H. Gaubert, assistant quartermaster, have been ordered to their respective homes to report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The services of Brevet Major-General Salomon and Brigadier-General McGinnis, Shale, Bussey, and Clayton cannot be dispensed with at present, nor can other staff officer be spared. The general officers retained on duty desire to remain in the service. Full report made by mail as early as possible.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock., Ark., June 5, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: Your order dated Cairo, Ill., May 29, 1865, was received by the hand of Major Parsons on the 1st instant. The troops to fill the order about 5,000 are designated and ordered to assemble at Little Rock and Pine Bluff, pending the arrival of transportation as per your order to Brigadier General Robert Allen, of May 29, 1865. One regiment of cavalry, Eighth Missouri (about 500 strong), started for Camden, Ark., on the 1st, with twenty days' supplies. Two light-draft steamers left this point yesterday for Camden with forage and subsistence and a battalion of veteran infantry as post garrison (Ninth Wisconsin, four companies, about 300 effective). Since Major Parsons left I have learned that troops from the Department of the Gulf are now en route for the Red River, and think it possible that the latter movement may obviate the necessity of moving so many troops from this department to the Red River. The order for 5,000 troops to go from this department to Shreveport will take (see list furnished Major Parsons) nearly all the white troops whose service does not expire before the 1st of October. The garrison at Camden ought to be increased and it is very desirable to garrison one other point, say Washington, in the southern part of this State. Washington, Ark., has been the seat of the rebel State government, has not bee visited by our troops during the war and should have a garrison of about 2,000. If the troops that have gone to the Red River from the Department of the Gulf will render it unnecessary for those ordered from this department to go there, I will, if my views

