
are approved, at once garrison Washington with about 2,000 men and Camden also with not less than 1,000. From present indications and the present stage of the Arkansas River, it is by no means certain (my information makes it improbable) that Shreveport can be reached by the Red River in ten days from this date. If there should exist any uncertainty on this point when the water transportation arrives, I have plenty of land transportation here ready for the field and can nevertheless make the movement to Shreveport without any delay by land, and furnish the command on starting from the Arkansas River with thirty days' forage and subsistence. We cannot rely upon finding any subsistence on the route, but I now think (contrary to my opinion as expressed to Major Parsons when he was here) that it will to send the whole command, transportation and all, by land. It will require a large train, but we have it here ready for the road, and its use will save the expense of the water transportation even if the Red River remains navigable, of which I have great doubt. In fact, after maturely considering the matter, I would recommend that this movement be made overland, regardless of the condition of the river, as we have the transportation here to accomplish it, and the column will pass through a section of country most of which has not been visited by our troops. The trouble will not be in getting the troops to Shreveport, but in subsisting them there if the Red River should not experience a June rise. From Little Rock to Shreveport the best route is via Washington and Lewisville, total distance about 260 miles. From Pine Bluff to Shreveport, via Camden and Lewisville, is about 180 miles. The rebel troops in the Trans-Mississippi Department have been abandoned by their highest officers and have dispersed. Brigadier-General Dockery leaves here to-day and promises to exert himself to bring in as many as possible on the 20th instant at Washington, Camden, and Monticello, to be paroled in accordance with the surrender made to General Canby on the 26th ultimo. The troops in scattering took with them much public property, and we will lose many small-arms. I have directed the commanding officer of the cavalry now en route for Camden to use every endeavor to collect the Confederate cotton remaining on the Ouachita, which is about only Confederate property of value to the Government except the artillery. My preparations are going on to carry out your order precisely as it stands, but if any modification should in your judgment be deemed advisable, please communicate it by the officer who bears this letter, Lieutenant Colonel S. C. Benham. Shall the whole 5,000 go to Shreveport, or a less number? If a less number, is the garrisoning of Washington, Ark., approved? (I cannot do this now if 5,000 go to Shreveport.) A reference to the list furnished Major Partons will show that most of the remaining white troops will be mustered out as soon as others can replace them from General Sherman's division, which I am informed by Lieutenant-General Grant will take place without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., June 5, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military Division of West Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your letter of 26th ultimo, accompanying terms of surrender, &amp;c., duly received. Brigadier-General Dockery, C. S. Army,

