
proper military tribunal, but it was claimed that the murders were committed in retaliation for some part offense of Captain Weber. The spirit actuating the guard is shown by this fact: On the way up the river, at a house not far from Mrs. Prince's, the prisoners were desirous of obtaining some breakfast, and the women of the house wished to prepare it for them, but this was refused by the sergeant, who said they would "get their bellies full in a short time," or words to that effect. Their bodies lay unburied until the troops under Major-General Mower, passing through, that portion of the country, hearing of the fact, sought them out and gave them a soldier's burial. Captain Weber and Lieutenant Bainum were among the most excellent, reliable, and capable officers in the regiment, possessing the confidence and regard of all who knew them, and always rendering most efficient service for our cause. Frequent efforts have been made to learn directly from the rebel commanders more particulars; personal letters have been forwarded through the lines and official communications sent up for transmittal, but never from rebel sources could any reply be had. Now that these rebel officers are within our power, I ask, in the name of violated laws of war, of the bereaved families of Bainum and Fenlason, and of outraged humanity, that they be held to answer for this offense. No terms of surrender can protect them for previous illegal act such as the crime thus alleged against the perpetrators. At the time the prisoners were sent from Jacksonport to their death Brigadier-General McCray was in command of that post. I do not know where he may be now, but I presume the proper authorities can all in Raibon at any time, and I respectfully request that this be done to the end of examining concerning the affair. I do not understand that he was responsible for the murders, but that they were committed under orders from Brigadier-General Shelby; still, Raibon can doubtless throw much light upon the subject. If further information is needed upon the subject I would respectfully request that some officer of this regiment be ordered to Jacksonport and Batesville and take evidence concerning it. That country has not been occupied by our troops since the murders were committed until recently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. DWIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, June 5, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Little Rock:

Above dispatch just received. * You will please relieve General Blunt accordingly and order him to report here. If you need an officer to replace him let me know.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SHALER,Devall's Bluff:

The major-general commanding directs that the detachment of First Indian Cavalry be placed at Saint Charles. One company of Thirty-sixth

---------------

*See Grant to Pope, June 4, p. 772.

---------------

