
GLASGOW, June 5, 1865.

Brigadier-General SPALDING:

The Carters, noted guerrillas, have offered to surrender at Rocheport. They send word that the outlaws Anderson and Clement will also surrender, and the other guerrillas in Boone, if they can good terms.

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.

MACON, June 5, 1865.

Colonel A. F. DENNY, Glasgow:

General Spalding directs me to say that you are authorized to receive the unconditional surrender of the guerrillas parties referred to in your telegram of this date.

W. T. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Fort Scout, June 5, 1865.

Captain HUTCHINSON,Company G, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: The duties of your company stationed at Fort McKean will be as follows: To scout the country north of you, so as to connect with the scouting parties from Fort Insley, and to the southwest as far as Pawnee. You should also scout in your front as often as necessary for information as to the condition of affairs. You are particularly enjoined to prevent a system of depredations committed by lawless characters residing in this State over into Missouri, and vice versa. Civil law is in full operation in this State, and you will aid civil authorities wherever necessary. The portion of Missouri in your front is not so well provided for, and will need more protection. In all cases of difficulties between neighbors throw the matter into the hands of civil agents whenever practicable. I wish particularly that you would encourage the citizens residing in Missouri to being to do something toward taking care of themselves, but have the soldiers abstain from all discussion of local affairs. Encourage the people to organize in both a civil and military sense, giving them to understand that the time is not far distant when national troops will be withdrawn from this vicinity. A copy of a telegram from the major-general commanding department will be your guide as to what course to pursue toward those who have lately been in arms against the Government, the enforcement of which will require constant watchfulness on your part. In all that takes place of any importance report the fact at once to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. B. PARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Fort Scot, Kans., June 5, 1865.

Captain JOHN HERBERT,

Company D, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: The duties of your command at Ball Town, Vernon County, Mo., will be as follows: First, scour the country as far south

50 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

