
of you as to connect with the detachment stationed at Fort Insley, and north so as to connect with the troops, or rather cover those at the Trading Post. You will communicate with each station as often as twice a week and report anything of interest or importance to these headquarters. There is a detachment of the Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry stationed at Land Settlement, about southwest of you, whom it would be [well] to communicate with occasionally. The people of Vernon County are represented by Captain Carpenter, of the Third Wisconsin, formerly stationed there, as being loyal and well disposed, but considerably discouraged. It is all right and important that their stock should be afforded protection, and you are authorized to arrest marauders of every description within the limits of your command, whether soldiers or citizens. There is no civil law at present in Vernon County, but the people are making efforts to have it and will with proper encouragement from the military. Place your scouting parties in charge of good men who will prevent lawless acts of every description. If the polls are opened for voting be careful and keep the men away from the same, and interfere in no manner except to avoid bloodshed. Have the soldiers abstain from entering into arguments about the local affairs of Missouri, and arrest no person for disloyalty except it be to the national Government; encourage the organization of the citizens in both a civil and military sense, in view of having them prepared to do without national troops. Wherever civil law is established give them every opportunity for carrying it into effect. Private Frank Longacre, Second Kansas Battery, has been a scout in that vicinity for some time and will be under your control. He is trustworthy and can render much assistance.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. B. PEARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS, Fort Scott, Kans., June 5, 1865.

Captain CHARLES PARKER,

Company E, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: The duties of your company at Fort Insley will be as follows: To scout the country in your front and on either flank [so] to connect with the scouting parties from the troops stationed at Ball Town on the north and Fort McKean on the south. General protection to the people will be given and to prevent people from Kansas crossing over into Missouri and committing acts of depredations, or vice versa. Have the soldiers abstain from entering into arguments with the people about their local affairs, and in case of election being held keep the soldiers away from the polls, and interference in no manner except to avoid bloodshed. Wherever difficulties occur between neighbors and recourse can be had to civil law, encourage and insist upon this way of disposing of them. Place your scouting parties in charge of good men, who will permit no depredations of whatever kind to be committed. Encourage trade and strict returns to peaceful pursuits, giving the people to understand that the time is not far distant when it will be expected of them to take care of themselves. Arrest no persons on account of opposition as to local affairs, but only on account of disloyalty to the national Government. Keep your troops well in hand,

