
and husband the use of your horses except when on duty. If anything of importance or interest occurs make reports immediately to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. B. PEARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 5, 1865.

Colonel U. B. PEARSALL,

Fort Scott:

Report immediately by telegraph at what stations the officers and men selected for bridge-building are, giving the number at such stations by telegraph. Send lists by telegraph of names of the men selected from Lawrence. Station one officer and twenty men with bridge-building party of Marmaton River, Fort Scott. One officer and twenty men with two Government wagons and twenty days' supplies to be sent to Mound City, to report on arrival by telegraph and await orders from Paola. One officer and twenty men to be sent to Ossawatomie with two Government wagons and twenty days' supplies, to upon report upon their arrival and await orders from these headquarters. It is of the utmost importance that these parties should be at the bridge-building stations immediately.

By order of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JOHN. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, No. 111. Fort Riley, Kans., June 5, 1865.

1. The commanding officers Squadrons C, D, E and F, Second Colorado Cavalry, will at once report for duty to the commanding officer Fort Riley, Kans.

*		*		*		*		*		*

6. The commanding officer fifth U. S. Volunteers Infantry will relieve from duty with the regiment two companies, to proceed to the Cimarron Crossing of the Arkansas River. The battalion commander will report to these headquarters for further instructions.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

JOHN. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 5, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNER,

Junction:

Families of Cheyennes and some Sioux, principally on Powder River, 220 miles from Laramie, balance on Tongue and Big Horn, spoiling for a fight. Colonel Moonlight says unless corn is furnished horses will have to be withdrawn from telegraph line. He is distributing Eleventh Kansas by battalions from the bridge to Laramie. Indians stole stock within eight miles of Laramie seven days ago. Detachment of forty men after them. Sixteen miles telegraph destroyed between Horse-shoe and Lanbonte a week ago. Must be all right now. Received dispatch

