HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., June 6, 1865.

General. W. W. ORME,Special Agent Treasury Department, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Major-General Reynolds instructs me to say to you that he has this day made request through the War Department to have trade restrictions "raised" within the limits of this department, and so much of Louisiana as is north of (and embracing places on) Red River. All rebel troops in the territory designated, and in fact in all country adjacent thereto, have been disbanded. They will be assembled in a few days and formal surrender made at Monticello, Camden, and Washington. The people throughout this country have money, but there are to supplies accessible to them, exposing the Government to the necessity of feeding them. Permits granted by you to reliable parties to take supplies into this district will be approved at these headquarters according to Treasury regulations, the points being within our line.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock., Ark., June 6, 1865.

Colonel A. H. RYAN,Lewisburg, Ark.:

The major-general commanding instructs me to say that you have no authority whatever over the civil governments in your vicinity. You will call no meetings nor furnish guards unless specially authorized from these headquarters. This will not prevent your interference with military force to suppress any riot which may occur within your jurisdiction, whether called upon or not. The Governor of the State must devises means for reorganization of civil matters.

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 6, 1865.

(Received 2. 45 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

Take General Sherman if you think he can do more good in Minnesota than in Missouri. I suppose matters are getting very quiet in his district. I will have to hunt up some man to replace him; hardly know who.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI, June 6, 1865-2. 40 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,Fort Leavenworth:

I have ordered the Third Illinois Cavalry from Benton Barracks to Minnesota, where cavalry is loudly called for. The Second Ohio and Eighth Illinois Cavalry are on the way here, and will be held subject to your orders.

JOHN. POPE,

Major-General.

