
would kill every damned man in the country. Swore that they were all a set of thieves. Acted very unsoldierly and violated existing orders now in force, which I believe to be wrong will have a bad effect in bringing and restoring law and order among the citizens. It will lead them to believe that we will disregard said paroles and all obligations, and that they will believe that they won't have any protection from the Federal Government, and will return to their former mode of warfare. I would suggest that you demand of the commanding officer of the Springfield district the name of the officer in charge of said scout. They told that they belonged to Captain Turner, of the Sixteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers. I think we should act in good faith if we expect good faith. The bearer of said dispatch was present when they arrested the man that was killed. I think he is a man that might be relied upon for truth and veracity. I also send the affidavit of a lady who was insulted and her house pillaged by those men. The people generally show a willingness to return to their allegiance and lay down their arms and do all in their power to restore law and order. I don't think that such acts should be tolerated.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MONKS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LICKING, Licking, Mo., June 5, 1865.

Personally appeared before and Margaret Smyer, of Texas County, Mo., who, being of lawful age, deposes and says: I have on Hamilton Creek, on the waters of Big Piney, Texas County, Mo. On or about last Saturday, June 3, 1865, there came twenty men to my house dressed in Federal uniform, plundered my house, and threatened to burn my house and kill my son, and swore that they would kill him, and ordered him to go with them. They insulted and abused me and acted unsoldierly. The citizens stating that they had all surrendered, they disregarded what was told them; swore that they were all thieves, and that they would kill them all. They took a chunk of fire and threatened to set fire to Mrs. Greenly's bed and treated her in a disrespectful manner. One man I supposed to be an officer stated that his names was Lieutenant Smith, from Hartsville, of Company G, Sixteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers.

MARGARET SMYER.

The above affidavit was sworn to and subscribed before me.

WILLIAM MONKS,Captain Company K, Sixteenth Cav. Missouri Vols., Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, No. 112. Fort Riley, June 6, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. The Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Colonel E. C. Catherwood commanding, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to instructions from department headquarters, will go into camp near Fort Riley, Kans., until further orders, for the purpose of procuring the necessary quartermaster's stores and camp and garrison equipage

