
preparatory to an early and vigorous Indian campaign. The usual tri-monthly and monthly reports and returns will be made direct to the adjutant-general's office at these headquarters.

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

JOHN. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., June 6, 1865.

Lieutenant WILLIAM WISE,Commanding, Eldorado, Kans.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 27th and 30th of May, and one bearing date of June 3. Those of the 27th and 30th ultimo, relative to the advance of a large party of rebel Indians upon New Mexico road, the same were telegraphed at once to department headquarters for the information of the general commanding. No further report has yet been received in regard to the movements of these troops. Per advices received from department headquarters, the Fifteenth Kansas has been ordered into this district by way of Eldorado, for the purpose of moving against any rebel force that may be in that part of the country. You will report their arrival at once to these headquarters. Yours of the 3rd has been referred to the provost-marshal District of the Upper Arkansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 6, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,Fort Leavenworth:

I have just returned from up the road. Indians attacked stage line west of North Platte; carried off stage stock; killed several persons. Send me four regiments of cavalry and two of infantry, with necessary supplies. The cavalry should come by forced marches. I will move my headquarters to Laramie in four days, and will move against the Indians as soon as cavalry arrives. Indians have made no overtures for peace; on the contrary, they are getting bolder every day. Please send me six traveling forges, 5,000 shoes and nails for horses, and same number for mules.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 6, 1865.

General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I send orders and instructions by telegraph and mail to General Sully. Will also send by express as you suggest.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

