
the telegraph operator, evacuated Norristown this a. m. but the telegraph line has not been disturbed, and it is now, 9 p. m., working to Little Rock. No word of Shelby being on the south side.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 87. Saint Louis, Mo., April 1, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

14. The military post of Franklin, Mo., will be abolished and the commanding officer of the post and the troops now stationed there will join their respective regiments. The commanding officer of the artillery camp at Franklin will furnish the necessary details required by the provost-marshal at that point.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, April 1, 1865.

General DODGE:

Three companies of infantry arrived here to-night. They were short of officers and short about thirty men to each company, on detached service. I expected four full companies. No cavalry has reported as yet. General Blut telegraphs made that he had started what you had ordered, but that they were delayed by high water. If I get the men your ordered to me I think I do not need more. I shall of course act with General Blut or any other commander in this region.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, April 1, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

I am informed by General Bussey that 100 Missourians (rebels) crossed the Arkansas near Clarksville on the 28th and came directly north; also that General Shelby is at or near Dardenelle, this afternoon, trying to cross the river. A detachment of my command attacked a squad of fourteen rebels about twenty miles from here on the 29th ultimo, and captured three and several horses. These men were directly from the army, and stated that it would not attempt to cross the Mississippi River at present, an that some portions of the army were being dismounted and others mounted. There are some indications and information that Shelby designs moving into the State at once, and to come to a pass near this place. This latter information comes from a scout of Shelby's, recently in this vicinity. I am moving some troops west and organizing some troops for constant field service, and shall try and force these rebels to fight in this district. My stock is poor.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

