
small guard. The block- house is commanded by the guns of the fort. The communication also states that a Yanktonnais Indian came in from Wadsworth; left there fourteen days before. This Indian reports about 400 lodges of Santees at the Corn- Stalk Butte. This is not far from the Maison du Chien Butte. (See Government map.) My troops commence their march to- morrow. I start them before they are altogether ready, as I know the importance of getting up the country as soon as passible, and I will do the best I can with the means I have. I have sent a copy of this letter to Major- General Pope's headquarters, as I thought he would like to communicate it to General Dodge.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN, June 6, 1865.

Honorable S. FINCH,

Mankato, Minn.:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 27th ultimo, concerning an effort which is being made to procure blood- hounds to hunt down the skilking Indians in your neighborhood, m and requesting my assistance in procuring transportation, was handed me by Major Evins, I believe, an officer of the State militia. I told the major it was not my province to interfere with any State matters designed to regulate the police or safety of citizens, but my inclinations, previous conduct, and best judgment were all opposed to te movement. I have publicly denounced the use of blood- hounds as dishonorable and despicable, and I could not allow my troops to directly or indirectly participate in such an effort to procure or use them. The cry of needless alarm and inordinate cruelty is constantly raised against us, and the belief that frontier men are themselves savages seems to prevail in some quarters, much to my vexation and often to our injury. I have met this feeling as a military obstacle int he way of procuring or retaining adequate force. This move is very likely to return upon us in the same way. Besides, Indians are not afraid of dogs; they like and eat them. The trail in Florida was a failure, a folly, and a disgrace which hoped to break down Van Buren's administration. I have talked in this wise to Major Evins, who, being the near relation to the Jewtt family (brother, I believe, of the unfortunate victim, Mrs. Jewtt), is of course most anxious to secure some means of avenging the barbarous outrages of his kindred and protecting the rest of his people against their repetition. But I do not think the major will doubt my desire to do the very best I can in the efforts to guard the settlements, although I do not favor this blood- hound movement, and I am sure you will not doubt the sincerity of my purpose. I have been through the region of Arkansas where the rebels have freely used blood- hounds, and understand what I am talking about. Our Indian scouts are far better followers and hunters of vagrant Indians, and our troops, even if you have hounds, will be the only dependence. Troops are moving and more are coming. There is a vast difference between your danger in 1862 and to- day. Then you had some 6,000 foes in your own immediate neighborhood. Now those Minnesota Indians are most of them dead and the remnants are far away near Devil's lake and Turtle Mountain, on the very border of the British Province, and there we will strike their settlement or frighten them still farther from you.

51 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT II

