
easier to supply all deficiencies of coal and water than if they remain at Mobile. Unless there are controlling reasons to the contrary, I suggest that this be done, as their is no enemy to resist landing. Should not the vessels proceed with all speed to their ultimate destination and avoid confinement of men on shipboard in this hot season on the souther coast! This would shorten the voyage, and diminish also the cost of the vessels by discharging them sooner.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General and Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 4. New Orleans, La., June 7, 1865.

1. The order directing Major G en. J. J. Reynolds, commanding Seventh Army Corps, to send a portion of his command to Shreveport, La., is hereby countermanded.

2. The transports ordered from Saint Louis to transport troops of Major- General Reynolds' command from White River to Shreveport will be sent without delay to Vicksburg, Miss., to transport troops from that point to Shreveport.

3. Bvt. Brigadier General G. A. Forsyth, acting assistant inspector- general, is hereby ordered to proceed to the mouth of White River and execute the foregoing order I relation to sending transports to Vicksburg. on the completion of his duty General Forsyth will return to these headquarters without unnecessary delay.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. . C NEWHALL,Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, June 7, 1865.

General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

GENERAL: In answer to the letter of the mayor of Franklin, indorsed by you, the brevet major- general commanding directs under authority from Major- General Canby, that the local commanders in your district west of Brashear organize boards to ascertain and report all cases of actual suffering from want of food and inability to purchase, and recommend the amount of provisions to be issued in each case. You are authorized to approve such proceedings and take action accordingly. Timely requisitions should be made upon the debts for such an additional amount of provisions as this exigency may call for.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

Wickham HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 7, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana, Shreveport, La/:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding directs that you turn over to any person who may present himself to you duly accredited

