
from the Governor of Louisiana the archives and any other records or property pertaining to the State of Louisiana that may have been or may be in the possession or under the control of the Governor or other executive officers of te rebel government of that State. If these records have not yet been surrendered you will take such measures for securing them as may in your judgment be necessary and proper. in transferring any papers or property from the military to the civil authorities you will direct accurate inventories to be taken, one copy of which will be delivered to the officer who receives and the other to be forwarded to these headquarters. A copy of this letter will be furnished to the Governor of Louisiana.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 106. Shreveport, La., June 7, 1865.

* * * * *

II. BRIGADIER- General Dennis will assume command of the city of Shreveport, La., and will be charged with its police and general management. The troops under his command will be camped outside of the city, and only men enough stationed within the city limits to do the necessary guard duty and preserve order.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, La., June 7, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

The major- general commanding authorizes you to have te railroad between Big. Black and Jackson put in running order, as suggested in your dispatch of yesterday, to be worked by the military authorities for account of the Government. General Canby intends to visit you some time in the course of the coming week.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 134. Little Rock, Ark., June 7, 1865

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General George F. McGinnis, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders, is assigned to command

