
of the post of Camden, Ark, and its dependencies, and will proceed to that place without delay.

* * * * * *

4. The Fortieth Iowa Infantry Volunteers, Colonel John A. Garrett commanding, will proceed without delay to Fort Gibson, Cherokee Nation, for duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

5. Paragraph 8, Special Orders, Numbers 105, dated May 2, ultimo, from these headquarters, is hereby revoked. The troops in the District of South Kansas will be reported as a part of the Third

Division, Seventh Army Corps, through Brigadier General C. Bussey, commanding division, headquarters at Fort Smith.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Gibson, June 7, 1865.

Colonel John LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

COLONEL: For the information of the general commanding I deem it proper to call your attention to some facts to be considered in determining the amount of military force required, present and prospective, to preserve order int he Indian Territories. Since the muster out of the Indian regiments there is a disposition manifested among them (which I had anticipated) to organize in small bands, fort he purpose of thieving and preying upon the country, and they do not hesitate to kill whenever necessary to accomplish their ends. To suppress this evil their can be no authority except military for a considerable period of time. In addition to the lawlessness and disorder already manifesting itself, still greater difficulties have to be encountered if the disloyal Indians should return to their homes under the terms of the surrender. The old feud existing between the two factions - proslavery and anti- slavery- before the war has become very much intensified during the events of the last four years, and I know that there is a bitter and determined feeling with the loyal Indians here against permitting the disloyal portion ever to return to their homes under any circumstance, and I am fully convinced that nothing but the presence of a military force can prevent frequent collisions of a serious character. in view of these facts I think that not less that a full regiment of cavalry will be absolutely required at this post and vicinity to preserve order in the Cherokee and Creek country. This I mean exclusive of the forces for the garrison of Forts Washita and Argbofckle, and other posts bordering on Red River, that will be required to preserve order among the Chickasaws, Choctaws, and Seminoles, &amp;c. As the Choctaws have been united in political sentiment (all disloyal), there is likely to be less internal strife with them hereafter than among the other tribes. The Creeks and Cherokees have been nearly equally and, unlike the white population, they cannot be reconciled toward those who have taken part in the rebel cause and may now wish to return. I have had the very b est opportunities to know the feeling

