
FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 7, 1865.

Major J. W . BARNES,

Saint Louis:

See if General Sanborn wants any troops to replace those who go out under Order 83, and answer. I will not send Cole's regiment in place, as advised, at present. I want to know if the rest of thirteenth Missouri has left Rolla. Where are the two regiments ordered here!

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 7, 1865.

Major DE BOLT,

Macon:

To all returning Missouri rebel soldiers administer the oath of allegiance. They are accepted from the benefits of the amnesty by article 10 of President Johnson's proclamation. on the oath of allegiance they will be permitted to return to their homes. Keep a careful record in each case.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. H. BAKER,

Provost- Marshal- General.

(Same to Captains Lyle, Glasgow; Rogers, Warrensburg; Baker, Sedalia; Slaughter, Rolla; Ewing, Cape Girardeau; Bulkley, New Madred; Braden, Springfield. Lieutenant Ganett, Mexico; Pollock, Weston; Whitney, Lexington; James, Lebanon; Hembree, Cassville; Shattuck, Pilot Knob; Chesmore, Charleston.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 127. Saint Louis, Mo., June 7, 1865.

* * * * *

2. The second section Battery L, First Missouri Artillery, Second Lieutenant George Ude commanding, having reported in compliance with orders from department headquarters, will report to Colonel J. Weydemeyer, commanding post Saint Louis. Lieutenant Ude will at once encamp in some convenient place in the suburbs of the city.

3. Company I, Seventh Kansas Veteran Cavalry, Captain Anthony commanding, will at once march to Saint Mary's Landing, Mo., taking ten days' rations for men and animals, and what it is impracticable to carry in one wagon will be shipped by steamer to Saint Mary's Landing. on his arrival at the point designated, Captain Anthony will investigate the charge of alleged outrages upon the persons and property of citizens of Perry County Militia, under Captain Minor, and report the result of his investigation to these headquarters with as little delay as possible. After he shall have completed his investigation, Captain Anthony will march his command to Cape Girardeau and report to commanding officer Second Sub- District, unless he shall find it necessary to remain at Saint Mary's Landing longer, of which he will give due notice to these headquarters. Should it be necessary to purchase forage en route, Captain Anthony will purchase it, if possible,

