
their property. Within the limits of this town it is represented that citizens are insulted and threatened by soldiers every night. Ladies are grossly insulted and the safety of every one endangered by the promiscuous firing so constantly indulged in, in the face of repeated orders to the contrary. in view of all these complaints, which are doubtless well founded, and fort he purpose of terminating a condition of affairs so disgraceful to the command, the general commanding directs: First. That you renew the orders heretofore issued relative to the absence of soldiers from their camps without proper passes, limiting the number of passes and allowing none after dark except in urgent cases. Second. That you direct commanding officers at his post to allow no man to leave his camp with his horse, except when on duty requiring him to be mounted. You will cause camp- guards to be established and maintained at every camp of sufficient strength to enforce the above provisions, and will hold the officer in command of each camp responsible for their strict and impartial enforcement. When men are sent off on any duty the officer in charge will be furnished with a written detail which will protect him and his men. All men of Your command found riding U. S . horses or mules, who have not written orders allowing them to do so, will, after this order has been duly published, be arrested and sent to their commands in arrest and their names, company, &amp;c., reported to Your headquarters. in all such cases You will at once ascertain what officers or men are responsible for such violation of orders, and will cause them to be promptly punished, if commissioned officers, by arrest; if enlisted men, by confinement. A system of roll- calls, inspections, &c., at unexpected hours will also be adopted to assist in promoting these measures. Small patrols of reliable men will also be sent out around the outskirts of the town, who will take up and bring in all U. S. horses or mules found hitched near houses, refugee camps, and other similar places. You will take charge of the animals so brought in and ascertain the persons responsible for such violation of orders, and punish them as above. Running horses in and through the town will also be stopped at once.

Very respectfully,

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, June 7, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of several dispatches concerning Chippewa Indians from You, and also Your letter of the 29th ultimo, which is just received; and although I have sent pretty full telegraphic reports, I deem it also necessary to write by mail. The reports concerning the Chippewas are contradicting and show a restless spirit, which some fear forebodes trouble. A band residing near Red Lake is especially distrusted; but there is nothing which, in my judgment, requires initial steps, such as the seizure of chiefs would be, and by a careful fulfillment of Indian treaties on the part of the Interior Department and an honest department of Indian agents, I believe peace may long continue with these tribes. They are the enemies of the hostile Sioux, and that animosity may prevent alliances against us and operate

