
SAINT PAUL, June 7, 1865.

General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost- Marshal- General, Washington, D. C.:

If the Veteran Reserve Corps and Draft Rendezvous in this department were all under my command I could use the troops to great advantage that are now no use whatever. I would make only one command where we now have two, and place the feeble in such garrisons as require defenses. Garrisons in Wisconsin could be sent to Fort Ridgely and elsewhere in this State of Minnesota, where Indians threaten our border. Can't this matter be so arranged!

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 7, 1865.

Major- General CURTIS,

Saint Paul:

Every member of staff thinks that Your interests require Your immediate presence. As You have seen most important dispatches, they don't wish to say Your presence absolutely necessary. I would advise You to com, e even if You go back to Minnesota.

T. J. WEED,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 7, 1865- 3. 15 p. m.

General SULLY,

Sioux City:

General Dodge will attend to the Cheyennes int he Black Hills. If You will settle with the Sioux, either by fighting or making peace, You will have accomplished everything that is desired from You.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 7, 1865.

Brevet Major-=General SULLY,

Sioux City:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 23rd and 26th ultimo, by which I see You had arrived at Sioux City and received my telegraphic order directing Your movement on this side of the Missouri on the 26th ultimo. I have sent several dispatches and letters which You had not received when You wrote. I also wrote You yesterday, sending by express across the country via Spirit Lake. In all these I urge You to move Your available force with, all due dispatch against hostile lodges of Sioux in the region of Devil's Lake; that You arrange supplies at Fort Rice sufficient to winter upon if occasion requires; that provisions will also be sent to Abercrombie for Your convenience if it is found best to extend Your movement to Red River, and that You select a point for a permanent fort at Devil's Lake. These

