
before, first selling their artillery to the Imperialists in Matamoras. Slaughter's forces are scattered. he is at the head of a marauding party, levying taxes upon cotton from the interior. The forces of Cortina were hovering near Matamoras on the 22nd. Mejia marched out their to drive him out. It was rumored in Brownsville on the 30th that the Imperialists were driven instead. Health at Brownsville and Brazos excellent. Business at Matamoras at a standstill. Steam transport Patron left Brazos at noon 3rd instant. H. G. Agnew commands. P. S. Rushwood in Brownsville heard report that Galveston had surrendered.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, June 8, 1865.

(Received 1. 30 p. m. 9th.)

Bvt. Major General J. A . RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I have to request that I be authorized to order the following- named regiments, now serving near Memphis, Tenn., to Shreveport, La., Seventh Indiana Cavalry, First Iowa Cavalry, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Second Wisconsin Cavalry, fifth Illinois Cavalry. My instructions do not authorize me to give the necessary order in these cases. I need these regiments here an they can be taken from Memphis and will than have a sufficient cavalry force in the country.

Please answer without delay by telegraph.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPT. OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, June 8, 1865.

Major General E. R. S . CANBY,

Commanding:

Permanent works, Gulf Coast, estimated minimum artillery garrisons: Time of peace. - Fort Taylor, 1,000 men; Fort Jefferson, 1,500 men; Fort Pickens, 1,350 men; Fort Barrancas and redoubt, 400 men; Fort Morgan, 500 men; Fort Hines, 300 men; Fort Ship Island, 250 men; Fort Macomb, 400 men; Fort Pike, 450 men; Fort Livingston, 200 men; Fort Jackson, 800 men; Fort Saint Philip, 530 men; Battery Bienvenue, 80 men; Tower Dupre, 30 men. Estimates be sent generally on ten men for each heavy gun, and four for each flank howitzer now in position. No reference had to the capacity of existing quarters.

Respectfully submitted.

M. D. McALESTER,

Brevet Major and Chief Engineer.

---------------

*Indorsement on letter from Houston to Banks, January 22, 1864, concerning routes from the Mississippi River to the interior of Texas, for which see Vol. XXXIV, Part II, p. 125.

---------------

