
readiness to transport about 400 men of the above- named regiment. It is important that the transport should not be detained, but loaded and sent off with dispatch.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV., FORCES, DEPT. OF THE GULF, Numbers 3. New Orleans, La., June 8, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry will proceed without delay by the most direct a d practicable route from Thibodeaux to New Orleans, La., reporting upon arrival to these headquarters for further instructions. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for men, horses, and camp equipage.

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

Shreveport, La., June 8, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Since the occupation of Baton Rouge by the U. S. forces this point has been the rebel State capital, and all of the State officers with the exception of Governor Allen were there when I arrived. I served an order upon them requiring that all State records and property should without delay be turned over, and that they would not be permitted to leave the place until this was done. In a few days I will have all these documents boxed up and will send them to You to be passed over to the proper authorities. They comprise the records carried off from Baton Rouge and the rebel State records since that time. The State treasurer has, among other thing, about $1,000,000 of bonds, the securities of various banks, the school fund, and other matters. All this property, which is exceedingly valuable, will be sent to You as soon as it can be properly packed, and an officer will go down in charge of it.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., June 8, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: We reached Grand Ecore on the 5th instant, leaving the Twenty- first Iowa Infantry and two squadrons of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry as garrison at that place. Major General HJ. T. Hays made that point the headquarters of this district, and had with him about 600 men. At least 2,000 will be paroled there, many of them stragglers from the other commands. Twenty- one pieces of artillery and 500 stand of small- arms were turned over to the ordnance officer at that point. Late on the evening of the 6th we reached Shreveport,

