
the troops, however, not getting here until the evening of the 7th instant. Brigadier- General Dennis has been assigned to command of the post, the remnant of his division being camped one mile from town. There will be but little public property turned over aside from artillery and ordinance stores, although Generals Buckner, Fagan, and the other officers show every disposition and make every effort to have the property pass into the hands of our officers. When it was known here that commissioners had gone to New Orleans to negotiate there was a general breaking up of the organizations, the troops scattering in every direction and carrying with them everything, public and private, they could lay hands upon. The single exception to this was in the case of the Missouri troops, who retained entire their organization and protect all the public property we have received. Their conduct has been very good. They have acted in good faith, and have turned over everything, and immediately upon receiving their paroles took the oath of allegiance as provided in Special Orders, Numbers 215, Headquarters of the Army. At least 5,000 Missouri and Kentucky troops will take the oath here. Just after reaching Grand Ecore five boats came down with one brigade of Missouri men that General Fagan had started to Alexandria, he not having rations to feed them. I directed them to land at Alexandria, procure paroles, and take the oath (that being their desire), and from that point proceed to Baton Ruge, where transportation will be furnished them home.

All of the Missouri and Northern Arkansas troops I will send to Baton Rouge, where they can be cared for until boats are sent up. owing to the great scarcity of provision, s I have been compelled to send them away from here as rapidly as possible. There will be paroled at this point about 15,000 in all. The artillery and ordnance stores will be sent to New Orleans without delay. The Treasury agents sent up by Mr. Flanders have arrived and are collecting the Government cotton. We will get quite a large amount of the Red and Washita Rivers, but muoff by the soldiers and other persons, so that it will require a little time to collect it. With the approval of the Treasury agent I have passed several boats loaded with private cotton out of Red River and to New Orleans. There is an immense amount of private property, cotton, &amp;c., along this river waiting an opportunity to get down, and I believe it should be pushed through while the river is up. The country is badly off for supplies, and I hope all parties will be permitted to bring them up. It will do much toward restoring good feeling. Captain Fitzhugh, of the navy, accompanied me to this point, and leaves to- day for the Mississippi. He received from the rebel naval officer the iron- clad gun- goat Missouri and a supply steamer, the Cotton. We found in the quartermaster's department but two boats, the Champion and Beauregard. As soon as supplies arrive I will send a regiment of infantry to marshall, where there is a large amount of ammunition and other property. A messenger reached me to- day from Colonel W. H. Dickey, announcing his arrival at Monroe, and also the arrival of the garrison at Camden. The stage routes are mostly operating, and in a few days the telegraph will be at work to Galveston, Camden, and other points. I have written Colonel Beckwith abut supplies, and would specially request that a good quartermaster be sent here. The work is too great for a green hand. Will report by every mail.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major- General.

52 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT II

