HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., June 8, 1865.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL; Some time ago the various tribes of Indians in Texas and the Indian Territory were invited by the rebel authorities to meet in council at Fort Towson, their to meet agents of the Confederate Government and arrange a treaty. This council will be held on the 10th instant, and I learn that representatives from a majority of the tribes will be present. General Buckner has furnished me with copies of his communication to General Cooper, commanding the Indian Territory, and his instructions to General Throckmorton and Colonel Reagan, the commissioners appointed to meet the Indians, which I inclose herewith, together with copy of a letter written to me by General Dunning* [Cumming]. This is a matter of importance and a fine opportunity to meet the chief men of the different tribes, and to have at the same time the co- operation of the Confederate commissioners. I have taken the responsibility of also sending two commissioners to be present at the council. They leave here to- morrow and will carry General Buckner's letters to the rebel commissioners. The effect of this meeting, I feel confident, will be goo. I have instructed my commissioners to notify the Indians that all of the rebel armies have been captured or surrendered; that the Government at Washington controls the entire country as formerly; that the Indians are expected to return to and remain quietly at their homes, not interfering in any way with the whites or the Indians who have been in our service; that bad faith on the part of any of them will cause the United States Government to send troops an punish them; that they can prepare an address to the Government at Washington which the commissioners will bring back with them to forward, and finally that they can appoint a grand council to meet about six weeks later than this at some point in the Territory, at which a representative of the United States Government will meet them. I thought the latter would be a good plan to communicate with all the tribes and that if the authorities at Washington did not see proper to send an agent to meet them the military division commander might, and thus save a great deal of trouble on the border. The commissioner appointed by me, Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Matthews, leaves to- morrow, accompanied by two Confederate officers and an escort of one company of ht sixth Missouri Cavalry. it will take him four days to reach Fort Towson, and he will probably be tone from here two weeks. I hope for much good from this conference and trust my action in the matter will meet Your approval.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, June 8, 1865.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Indian Territory, Doaksville, Ind. Ter.:

GENERAL: I inclose communications addressed to General Throckmorton and Colonel Reagan, commissioners for negotiating with the prairie Indians. You will please read them, forward them to their

---------------

*Only one inclosure found.

---------------

