
address, and be guided in Your own action by te instructions therein given. Give every assistance in Your power to the commissioners appointed by General Herron, and employ all Your influence t bring their pacific mission to a successful conclusion.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Lieutenant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S . FORCES,Fort Morgan, Ala., June 8, 1865.

Brigadier General R. H. JACKSON,

U. S. Volunteers, Commanding:

GENERAL: Major- General Sheridan directs that You proceed with Your command to Brazos Santiago at the earliest possible moment, and there report to Major General F. Steele for instructions. From the Twenty- fifth Army Corps You are to furnish garrisons for Indianola and Corpus Christi, one brigade at each point; the balance of the command will be landed at Brazos Santiago, and report as above directed. After supplying Your transports with fuel and water, they will push forward at once without awaiting the arrival of the remainder of the fleet, to their ultimate points of destination. As soon as the troops and stores are disembarked You will order the fleet to rendezvous at New Orleans, La., reporting to the chief quartermaster, Department of the Gulf or Division of the Southwest.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Memorandum.]

Make requisitions by return steamers for such supplies, transportation, ordnance, camp and garrison equipage, and medical stores as You are in need of upon the proper staff departments at New Orleans.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Military Division of the Southwest:

Official copy of the above furnished for information. I verbally instructed General Jackson to exercise his discretion as to sending into Indianola and Corpus Christi vessels of suitable draft to enable them to cross the bars and enter the harbors above mentioned. Also to leave copies of this order for those following him for their information. General Weitzel is not expected for eight or ten days.

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JUNE 8, 1865- 9. 40- p. m.

I have just returned from Fort Morgan. The Second Division, Twenty- fifth Corps, has arrived. I have directed that the division proceed to Brazos Santiago as soon as fuel and water can be taken on board, dropping one brigade each at Indianola and Corpus Christi.

GORDON GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

