HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 8, 1865.

General W. W. ORME,

Special Agent Treasury Department, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding instructs me to inform You that the military force heretofore stationed at Norristown, on the Arkansas River, has been transferred to te post of Dardanelle, nearly opposite, and to request that the agreement entered into with You in April, 1865, for a monthly allowance of supplies equal to $10,000 for the town of Norristown be transferred and made to apply to Dardanelle. I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S . FORCES,Camden, Ark., June 8, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

COLONEL: I sent report by way of Pine Bluff, which you may not have received yet. I arrived here at 9 a. m. on the 6th. Found all quiet. There are a few bushwhackers and thieves south and west of here. There are 250 of the Eighty- fourth U. S . Colored Infantry here, sent by order of Major-General Herron, without any instructions except to occupy the place. They came up the river within fifteen miles of this place on the steamer White Cloud. The citizens that are acquainted with the river tell me that boats drawing not more then there feet of water can reach his point for the next week. The river is falling slowly. A great number of the citizens are without any means of subsistence. The country is entirely destitute of provisions. Brigadier- General Dockery left here yesterday morning to try to concentrate his command for the purpose of having them paroled. The corn issued to me from Captain Haskell's warehouse was almost worthless. I will hardly be able t make it last my stock until the train can return from pine Bluff. Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel Eighth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding.

[JUNE 8, 1865. - For Pope to Dodge, relating to Ford['s expedition, &c., see Part I, p. 359.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 8, 1865.

(Received 2. 35 p. m.)

Major- General POPE:

I received You dispatch about McCook's order. I know General McCook acted under instructions from the committee. They started runners to the Indians to make an agreement to meet them. Had I ordered Ford to proceed it would only tend to mix matters. I am willing they should try, and as stated, and I shall wait to hear from runners. The committee think the military are in the wrong; that we should act wholly on the defensive and conciliate the Indians. I could get an interview with the Indians. They desire to treat with an

