
offenders liable to trial before military courts. This act is a violation of the laws of the United States and punishable through U. S. courts. Please make me an official statement of the whole affair, to be forwarded to Washington. Send me as soon as possible a list of general and staff officers whom You have ordered to their homes. I have sent on the list You telegraphed me a day or two ago.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 8, 1865.

Major G en. JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following communication of General Connor, in relation to Mormon affairs. * I have no doubt that the Mormons are engaged in the Indian troubles indirectly. I approve the course General Connor pursues, wiz, protect Gentiles and Anti- Polygamists, and aid them in every way consistent with his duties, invite immigration of that class of people, develop the mineral resources, root out gradually but surely that blotch on our continent; but at the some time avert any direct conflict. As soon as the troubles o the plains are settled, which I believe will be done this summer, General Connor will go to Utah. I shall send another regiment of infantry there as soon as possible. under the judicious policy so far pursued there the power of the Mormon church is waning; they see it, and no doubt will make extraordinary efforts to avert it.

Very resepectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 8, 1865- 4. 30 p. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General;

Hold Colonel Cole's regiment for the present where it is. I want horses for the cavalry ere first. If they are all furnished, fit up the Second Ohio.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

STATE OF MISSOURI, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

City of Jefferson, June 8, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri and Arkansas:

GENERAL: In the effort to secure the co- operation of the people of Callaway County to hunt down bushwhackers and enforce the law I have every indication of complete success. Under the lead of the sheriff companies are being organized in every township of the county. All the best citizens are taking hold in earnest and compelling the co- operation of those who hesitate. The people of that county complain to me of the orders and acts of the provost- marshals in reference to the family and property of Doctor Martin. The recent order requiring the citizens to take their teams to move the family of the

---------------

*See Connor to Dodge, May 28, p. 646.

---------------

