
doctor to Mexico, the manner of enforcing that order, and the arrest of Mr. Baynham, growing out of that affair, has for a time broken up the organization against bushwhackers I had effected in that neighborhood, through the efforts of Mr. King, the sheriff. The bearer of this and the gentlemen who accompany him are regarded as men of honesty, and though their sympathies, for aught I know, may have been with the rebellion, they evidence a disposition now to assist in enforcing the law and restoring peace and security to their county. I respectfully suggest that if they, or any persons, are subjected to fine or sentenced to labor without conviction or trial by civil or military tribunal it will destroy the confidence we have been so rapidly gaining. The sheriff informs me that these men have taken hold in earnest to assist him.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

THO. C. FLETCHER.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo. l, June 9, 1865.

Major Barnes will inform me immediately if there are any orders given by General Dodge which justify the section herein reported of provost- marshals in Callaway county. If so, by what authority General Dodge issued such orders.

JOHN POPE,

Major- General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 9, 1865.

Colonel Baker, provost- marshal- general, now has in his possession a report from the local provost- marshal in relation to the matter. I have not yet seen it, but have called on Colonel Baker to forward it at once. The desired information will be furnished as soon as possible.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. D IST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 38. Springfield, Mo., June 9, 1865.

I. The general commanding having been ordered to duty elsewhere, hereby relinquishes the command of this district, and transfers the same to Colonel John D. Allen, fifteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers. .

II. To the officers and soldiers of his command, who have obeyed all orders with promptness and alacrity, and labored with an upright zeal to restore order, establish the supremacy of the laws, and break down and destroy all armed opposition to the Government, the general commanding tenders his warmest thanks and sincerest wishes for their future happiness and welfare. The general commanding would also express his heartfelt gratitude to the citizens and inhabitants of this entire section for the willing and strong support they have given to all measures adopted by him to drive out the public enemy and restore peace, and for the better protection of life and property. At the same time he would congratulate them upon the improved condition of their

