
country, the return of peace, and the bright prospect of plenty and comfort in store for them in the early future. Your long and anxious labor and sacrifice for the maintenance of the authority of the Government, and for self- preservation, should bind you together by indissoluble ties, and induce You to co-operate in all efforts to improve your condition. By co-operation and concert of action you will speedily make this section what nature designed it to be- the paradise of Missouri, the Elysian field of the West.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB- DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Fort Scott, June 8, 1865.

Captain CURTIS JOHNSON,

Commanding Colonel E, Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., OSAGE Mission, Kans:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of yours of yesterday. In reply I will state the change proposed is postponed for the present. Your regiment is under marching orders, as major Haas should have informed You ere this. Draw rations from Humboldt for next ten days. keep You men well in hand, and clean out those bushwhackers if possible. Report the result of the party You have sent out, and as soon as they return get the men in condition to march. If you have not saddle blankets use gunny- bags instead. Be in readiness to turn over surplus property of all descriptions, so that when the order comes there will be no delay. Send estimate to Major Haas of the number of horses yet required to mount Your company, and confer with him regarding the proposed move.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. B. PEARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 8, 1865.

Brigadier G en. P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

Have Your proper staff departments in Utah make their contracts for forage and fuel in such manner as the best interest of the Government will be served.

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 8, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

I have five regiments of cavalry which will get off this week, a d two Monday ro Tuesday. The infantry I have to get from the East. This cavalry is all armed with Spence rifles, and veterans from Sheridan's and Sherman's armies. It is important that You should put a force int he Black Hills immediately. If it is not done they will trouble those wagon- road parties. Can not You send a good officer up there with 800 or 1,000 cavalry and get after that force!

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

