HEADQUARTERS,South Loup Fork, Nebr. Ter., June 8, 1865.

Lieutenant F. A. McDONALD,

Actg. Asst. Adjut. General, Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter:

LIEUTENANT: I immediately started in pursuit of the Indians who killed one of my men, according to instructions I received from You. Struck their trail due west, followed them to Cedar Creek, and found they had left suddenly. one of their party lay there dead, and I think killed by one of my men. Found portion of mail matter, Grubb's horse, belonging to the soldier they killed, stabbed and left. Most of their provisions left on the ground. They then took due course north. We followed on and found ourselves within two miles of my camp, west. Here we captured a pony and saddle. They still kept due north. Camped for night and pursued them early. Rained quite hard during night. We could not trace them beyond the stream north of my camp, about fifteen miles, should judge. I was obliged to abandon the trip and returned to camp. Their course was directly northwest from my camp. Some of the men belonging to the command think them Yanktonnais Sioux. Party consisted of about thirty. They took a course through the most unbroken country I ever traveled.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JAS. B. DAVID,

Captain company E, Seventh Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bascom, N. Mex., June 8, 1865.

Major WILLIAM McCLEAVE,

First California Cavalry, Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: Sergeant Andrews and his party, whom You sent as escort to Mr. Watts, arrived here safe and I send them back this morning. They have been rationed to include the 10th instant. In my letter which I sent You by Ganado Balanceo I forgot to tell You that information was brought t me the other day from parties on the lookout below this post that the Comanches have during this spring killed some twenty Navajoes, whom they encountered in small parties on the Llano Estacado. They are continually watching, and I allow myself the sugint the Navajoes with this fact, and not to permit them t go too far away from Sumner, for the Comanches and Kiowas are sure to catch them.

Very respectfully, major, Your obedient servant,

E. H. BERGMANN,

Major, First New Mexico Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, minn., June 8, 1865.

Major ROBERT H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter.:

MAJOR: You are respectfully informed that Your dispatches of 26th ultimo and of 1st and 2nd instant have been duly received. The former appears to have been unaccountably delayed. It is quite gratifying to note the success of the scouts under Your immediate command in the

