
destruction and dispersion of raiding parties of the hostile savages. They are receiving a just meed of praise at the hands of the public generally, and the zeal and fidelity thus evinced will strengthen the representations made in their behalf and that of the other surrendered Indians by General Sibley to the superior military authorities. General Curtis has forwarded and indorsement of the brigadier- general commanding, strongly urging that aid be given to these people, to the Secretary of the Interior, with his own strong recommendation to that effect, and it is to be hoped the appeals will produce corresponding favorable action on the part of the 	Government. The recommendation contained in Your dispatch of the 24th ultimo for an increase in the number of sub- chiefs of scuts, and Fort he appointment of S. J. Brown as interpreter, is under consideration, and You will probably receive instructions by Major Brown, who intends to leave on the 10th instant on his return. A regiment of cavalry (Third Illinois) left Saint Louis on steamers for this district on 5th instant. General Sibley will probably push them forward to the front as soon after they arrive as practicable, but it is well that You keep this information private inasmuch as it has been found that any intelligence touching military movements which once leaves these headquarters soon reaches the hostile camps by way of Red River. General Sully is moving to Fort Rive with instructions to march against the Indians said to be concentrated in the Devil's Lake region, but he has been delayed by the sinking of three steamers and a lighter on the Missouri laden with Government supplies. The train for Fort Wadsworth has left and will probably be at Sauk Center on 12th instant, taking the new route which will pass between Big. Stone Lake and Lake Traverse.

By command of BRIGADIER-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIOUX CITY, June 8, 1865.

(Received 10.20 a. m. 10th.)

Major- General POPE:

Reports from Fort Rice, dated May 22, say the 3,000 Sioux Indians on Heart River have been joined by the Indians from the Platte River, and say they are going to clean out all the forts. Fort Rice was attacked last night; nobody hurt. The Sioux who don't want to fight are coming into Fort Rice; also reported large camps of Minnesota Sioux Indians north of Fort Berthold. My troops start to- morrow. I will do the best I can.

SULLY,

General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION,Sioux City, Iowa, June 8, 1865.

ASST. ADJT General, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI:

SIR: I have received the letter of the agent for the Blackfeet which the general directed to be sent to me. I agree with the writer that the movements of troops will have the tendency to drive the hostile Indians to the vicinity of friendly tribes. It has already done so. I, however, don't think there is much danger for the Blackfeet yet. There

