
his own men and subsequent release by paying them about $20,00 is confirmed. I am informed that the enemy is crossing cotton in considerable amounts above on the Rio Grande.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 4. New Orleans, La., June 9, 1865.

Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the major- general commanding for duty, is hereby announced as chief of cavalry for the Military Division of the Southwest, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major- General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 5. New Orleans, La., June 9, 1865.

1. Bvt. Major Vanderbilt Allen, Corps of Engineers, is hereby appointed receiving and disbursing engineer officer for the Military Division of the Southwest, and will assume the duties of the office without delay.

By command of Major- General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 153. New Orleans, La., June 9, 1865.

1. The officer in charge of the pontoon- bridge train at Baton Rouge will report to the commanding general of the Military Division of the Southwest for orders.

2. The provost- marshal- general of the department will turn over to Captain C. D. Mehjaffey, First U. S. Infantry, the following prisoners now in his custody: A. B. Moore, late self- styled Governor of Alabama; George W. Gayle, author of a certain inflammatory article in the Selma Dispatch of December 1, 1864; John Cantler and Watson Graves, witnesses in the case of Gayle. Captain Mehaffey will be furnished with a guard of one non- commissioned officer and ten men of the First U. S. Infantry, and will proceed with this guard and the above- named prisoners by the steamer Constitution, which leaves this port to- morrow morning, the 10th instant, at 8 o'clock. On her way to New York the steamer will touch at Fort Pulaski, where the prisoner Moore will be delivered to the commanding officer, in accordance with the orders of the Secretary of War. The other three prisoners will be taken to New York, and thence to Washington, where Captain Mehaffey will turn them over to the provost- marshal of that department, together with the documentary evidence in his possession, reporting the fact to the Secretary of War. on completion of this duty Captain Mehaffey will return to this city by first opportunity. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

