
6. The Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery is hereby transferred to the Military Division of the Southwest. The commanding officer will at once report by letter to Major General P. H. Sheridan and prepare and hold the regiment in readiness at the points where it is now serving (Forts Gaines and Morgan, Ala.), to embark at a moment's notice.

* * * * *

12. Captain George N. Carpenter, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as post commissary at Thibodeaux, and will turn over all public property in his possession to such officer as the commanding officer at that post may designate.

13. Captain Joseph Rudolph, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as post commissary at Ship Island, and will report to Colonel M. P. Small, chief commissary military Division of the southwest, for orders.

14, The commanding officer at Ship Island will detail an officer from his command as acting commissary of subsistence, who will receive all public property turned over to him by Captain Rudolph, commissary of subsistence.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, June 9, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of General Orders, Nos. 81 and 82, from Your headquarters. The troops of this command now west of the Mississippi River are as follows: First Louisiana Infantry, at Donaldsonville and on La Fourche; Seventy- eighth Colored Infantry, at Donaldsonville and on La Fourche; Fourth Iowa Light Battery, on La Fourche; Sixteenth Indiana (mounted) Infantry, on La Fourche and Plaquemine; Third Rhode Island Cavalry, on La Fourche; Ninety- eighth Colored Infantry, Brashear and New Iberia; Seventy- fifth Colored Infantry, on railroad and at Washington, La., one company Louisiana cavalry, at Washington, La; Twenty- fifth New York Battery, at Brashear; one company Wisconsin heavy artillery, at Brashear; one company Missouri light artillery (dismounted), at Brashear; one battalion (four companies) Eleventh Colored Heavy Artillery, at Brashear; one battalion (four companies), Fifty sixth Ohio volunteers, at Algiers; one battalion (four companies), Eleventh Colored Heavy Artillery, at Plaquemine. I propose that the battalion of the Eleventh Colored Heavy Artillery, the company of First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery, and the company of Tenth Colored Heavy Artillery, now at Brashear, remain their in charge of the defenses. That six companies of the first Louisiana Infantry remain in charge of the defenses at Donaldsonville; four companies of the same regiment, the Fourth Iowa Light Battery, and four companies Thibodeaux. That the four companies Fifty- sixth Ohio VOLUNTEERS remain at Algiers. That the battalion of Eleventh U. S . Colored Heavy Artillery now at Plaquemine remain in charge of those defenses until evacuated. That the post of Plaquemine be evacuated at once,

