HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 12, 1865 - 11. 50 a. m.

Major-General BLUNT,

Paola:

We have pretty reliable information that Stand Watie, under orders of the rebel authorities, has made a combination of all the southern Indians, except what are known as Pin Indians, for operations against Kansas. how large a force he could collect you can better judge than I can. I suppose it includes Indians along Red and Arkansas Rivers, but not Plains Indians. However, I do not know as to that. Colonel Leavenworth, Indian agent, says the Comanches and Arapahoes. You had better retain the Fifteenth Kansas until we ascertain the facts. I expect the balance of Third Wisconsin soon, and they will be pushed out to you. Put some good man after Stand Watie if you can.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

OLATHE, KANS., April 12, 1865.

Major-Generals POPE and DODGE:

The following telegram just received from Colonel Blair. I will be in Leavenworth to-day:

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT:

I am just starting from here. From a report just received from Captain Donovan I am satisfied the rebel force is composed of about 400 Indians and nothing else. I think they contemplated killing all the whites, but are going to wait until grass grows. Don't give yourself any uneasiness about this raid; I will answer that it will be harmless.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., April 12, 1865.

Captain GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola:

Colonel Blair left here this morning with all the available men of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry and Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry. Just before he started he instructed me to telegraph to you and request you to use your influence to get the detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry now at Hickman Mills ordered back to this place, as this point is left almost entirely destitute of troops.

WM. H. HEWETT,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant W. H. HEWETT:

The detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry will soon be relieved from duty at Hickman Mills and will be sent to Fort Scott. Seven companies of the Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry will be sent to Fort Scott in a day or two. They will be here to-night.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

