
Government at Washington will control the entire country as formerly; that it is teh desire of the United States to be on terms of friendship with all the Indian tribes; that this object can be accomplished by their returning to their homes and remaining quietly, not interfering in any way with the whites or the Indians who have been in the U. S. service; that if they will do so the United States will not interfere with them; that they can prepare an address to the Government at Washington, and hand it to You for transmittal, or send a bearer, whom You will conduct to this place, to be forwarded to Washington. You will also suggest that another grand council be held about the 1st of August at some point in the Territory, at which council commissioners direct from Washington will meet with the council, and arrange a full and complete treaty. These are the main points, and You will use every exertion in making an arrangement with the tribes for peace and quiet. The cavalry force now being prepared for operations in the Indian country will not be sent forward if the council will agree that the various tribes shall keep quiet. Upon completing this mission You will return to this point and report.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. F. HERRON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 23. Shreveport, La., June 9, 1865.

Persons having in their possession Confederate Government or State cotton will immediately notify the agent of the U. S. Treasury Department at this place and turn over the same to him. Persons having knowledge of such cotton are required to make immediate report of its locality. If after thirty days from the date hereof any such cotton that has not been reported is found in the possession or on the premises of any person they will be arrested and punished. All arms which were the property of the confederate Government, including muskets, pistols, sabers, &amp;c., must be turned over and delivered to the ordnance officer. Any person retaining possession of such after thirty days from the date of this order will be arrested and summarily dealt with. By promptly notifying the officers of the United States of the locality of such property of the Confederate Government as was included in the terms of the late surrender, citizens will the sooner receive the benefits of unrestricted trade and civil government. Prompt measures will be taken to bring to punishment any person or persons guilty of riotous or lawless conduct, and paroled Confederate soldiers are cautioned to refrain from any interference with citizens, and to remain quietly at their homes, strictly observing the terms of their paroles. Any persons committing depredations upon citizens or property, if captured, will be promptly and severely punished.

By command of Major- General Heron:

WILLIAM H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, June 9, 1865.

Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN:

I assume command this morning. Will there [be] an order from Your headquarters dividing the State into sub- districts! Are all the troops

