
stationed in the State to report to the commanding officer of this district! Garrisons at Grenada, Macon, Columbus, meridian, Pascagoula, &amp;c., were furnished from other commands. What will be their relation to these headquarters.!

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL; There is a good deal of marauding going on in such sections of this State as are without the protection of our troops- that is to say, over by far the greater portion of the State. In all Northern Mississippi there are but some 200 cavalry (at Grenada), and the reports and complaints from there about jayhawking bands are very frequent. A similar state of affairs reigns in Southern Mississippi. If the cavalry now concentrating at Vicksburg (General Lucas' command) could be ordered to assist in suppressing the above- described irregularities it would be done much more effectively than it is possible with the scant means at my disposition, and it would help greatly to restore quiet to the alarmed people. You will oblige me greatly by communicating to me at an early date the general's decision in this matter- whether I can dispose of the available cavalry or not.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

PL. JOS. Osterhaus,

Major-General.

JACKSON, June 9, 1865.

(Received 9. 20 a. m. 11th.)

Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please let me know when I can expect General Canby. I would prefer to await his arrival before dividing up the State into sub- districts. Are all well!

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Answer. - General Canby intends leaving here for Vicksburg Wednesday evening, the 11th [14th] instant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 9, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

The cotton belonging to the Southern Railroad Company may be shipped subject to the express condition that the interests of the united States shall not be prejudiced thereby. The division of Your command into sub- districts is a matter for Your own decision. The question in relation to troops within the limits of Your district and assigned from

