
NEAR WARSAW, June 9, 1865.

General SANBORN:

DEAR SIR: Having learned that there has been a communication forwarded to you in regard to my shooting one of Smith's spies, and not knowing the exact purport of it, I have concluded to give You the statement in full. In the first place, Captain Hill's company came through from Lebanon to this place; on the route murdered twenty- three men, missing me only fifteen minutes. About te same time John Smith's crowd caught James Taylor, a discharged soldier, formerly of your command, and who belonged to the Seventh Missouri State Militia, as well as I remember, stripped him naked in the presence of his wife, and cut his throat from ear to ear. This man Davis that I shot lives in what is called here Smith's confederacy. Every loyal man has been burnt out or murdered that lived in is scope. I took Davis out of Warsaw; gave him a sign of the 	Knights of the Golden Circle. At the first sign he looked me close int he eye, at the second he smiled, ad to the third sign he responded. One more word of recognition, and he opened his bellows. He told me that he knew where Smith's [crowd] were, and would take me to them, but would not tell any person of their whereabouts unless they wanted to go to them. He said he came to town the day Hill's company came to the ferry and demanded the boat, expecting to find the rebels in Warsaw. Knowing that their were no troops he supposed they would cross, being aware of their intentions, and stated that Smith intended remaining in this county, and would cut more of their damned throats before they quit. He acknowledged bing in town for information for Smith, all of which Mark Gentry, of the Eighth Missouri State Militia, heard. Gentry was with me; has been tried and acquitted. General, there would have been no disturbance had it not been for the rebels in Warsaw. There are but four or five loyal men in the place. There is not a radical Union man in the county but what is my friend, and there is not a rebel sympathizer by what is done on me. These Knights of the Golden Circle that want the civil law enforced so bad in this case never say anything about writs for Smiths' crowd, which has been within from three to ten miles of Warsaw for two years. When Taylor was murdered I heard a dozen men remark that it was nothing more than they expected; they were afraid that Smith would kill every discharged soldier that returned to this county. I do not intend being tried by civil law if I can help it. If the sheriff or his deputy were to come on me I would surrender, but if those rebels undertake to arrest me it is as good as I want, for I will be sure to strike fire, let the consequences be what they will. I have not been five miles from Warsaw, nor have I lain gout an hour. I have plenty of friends here, but am going to leave to- day.

Your most obedient servant,

D. G. HART.

P. S. - show this to Jinks. Tell him when I burst another cap I will write to him.

GLASGOW, June 9, 1865.

Captain W. T. CLARKE:

On receipt of General Spalding's order to accept unconditional surrender of Clement and Anderson, I sent order to Captain Harris, at Fayette, to receive their surrender and send them to Glasgow. He proceeded to and received the surrender of eight of the scoundrels, and left them at Rocheport under guard, while Anderson and Clement were to hunt up the rest of their men and have them there by Sunday

