
next. Captain Harris sends me a dispatch that Captain Cook, of Columbia, has ordered the prisoners kept at Rocheport subject to his orders. Is Captain Cook acting under orders from General Spalding in this matter! This conflict of authority must be settled speedily.

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.

MACON, June 9, 1865.

Colonel A. F. DENNY:

Send at once to Captain Cook with this dispatch:

Captain Cook:

Colonel Denny has full authority to manage affairs connected with the surrender of Anderson's and Clement's guerrillas. You will keep You hands off these men until You are ordered to take them into custody.

GEO. SPALDING,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GEO. SPALDING,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

LITTLE PINEY, [MO.,] June 9, 1865.

Colonel MORRILL:

SIR: On the 15th ultimo I killed 2 bushwhackers, Adam Morris and another man, who said his name was Davis. I captured from them 2 horses, 1 U. S. horse and 1 gray mare, that has since died, and killed another in the fight. The U. S . horse I send with this report by Captain Monks.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN SAMPLES,

Captain Citizen Guard.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 9, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

Colonel Leavenworth telegraphs You to get General Pope's answer to General McCook's order. Has he not done anything yet toward getting those chiefs together! I don't understand what he means.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, June 9, 1865.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports just received from Captain Johnson, at the Osage Mission, state that large parties of bushwhackers have made their appearance in the vicinity of Lightning Creek. Captain Johnson reports his men fired upon, and a party sent out by him came across a body too strong for them to cope with. Four men came in there and delivered themselves up, claiming to be discharged soldiers of the Ninth Kansas, and have been to Stand Watie's forces on Canadian River. They report large bodies of bushwhackers coming up from below, and reports were current among the rebels that Shelby with 5,000 cavalry had just left Boggy Depot for New Mexico; also that Cy. Gordon and Dick Yeager are in Missouri with their commands. The post at the

