
mission states that the schoolboys saw bushwhackers yesterday near the crossing of Walnut Creek between here and the mission. I will send the letter by mail to- morrow. If these reports are not exaggerated beyond precedent my cavalry force is too small to patrol the country properly. Company E, of the Seventeenth Illinois, will reach the Mission to- night, and Captain Johnson starts for Humboldt to-morrow. The companies from there leave also. Humboldt will be left without any force.

U. B. PEARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP OF COMPANY E, FIFTEENTH KANSAS VOL., CAV.,

Osage Catholic Mission, Kans., June 9, 1865.

Colonel U. B. PEARSALL,

Commanding FIRST Sub- District of South Kansas:

SIR; I have the honor to report that a member of my company who was returning from the escort of Major Snow, U. S . Indian agent, was followed for several miles and fired upon by bushwhackers. They only succeeded in putting a ballhole through his jacket. As soon as he came in and reported I started out detachments after the bushwhackers. One party came upon a body of some fifteen or sixteen, but being too weak to attack returned to camp. I immediately started out with about twenty men; found their trail, followed it nearly to Lightning Creek, and night and a heavy storm coming on I was forced to return. I also have the honor to report that early this morning four men came in and gave themselves up. They claimed to be discharged soldiers from the Ninth Kansas and have been prisoners to Stand Watie's forces, on Canadian River. They report large bodies of bushwhackers constantly coming up from below, and it was a current topic of conversation among the rebels that Shelby with 5,000 cavalry has just started from Boggy Depot for New Mexico. I also acknowledge the receipt of Your communications of yesterday, and in obedience thereto shall start for Humboldt if relieved in time by detachment Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry at daylight to-morrow. The four prisoners whom I have sent to Major Haas this morning also report that they learn from some of the rebels that Cy. Gordon and Dick Yeager, notorious bushwhackers, are already in Missouri, having gone up in advance of the force of Statnd Watie, taking their commands with them. Father Shoemaker reports that eight bushwhackers were seen by some of the schoolboys from the mission yesterday near the crossing of Walnut Creek on the road between this place and Fort Scott. When they discovered they were boys they withdrew into the woods.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

CUTIS JOHNSON,

Captain, Commanding Company.

CHICAGO, ILL, June 10, 1865- 12. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

New Orleans, La.:

The eighth Illinois Cavalry has not gone West; but if more is required, take any that is being reserved in Canby's or Thomas' commands, and if necessary I can replace it.

U. S . GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

