
will return to these headquarters without unnecessary delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. Major T. W. C. Moore, acting assistant inspector- general, is hereby ordered to proceed to Brownsville, Tex., for the purpose of communicating with Major General F. Stele at that point. Upon the completion of this duty major Moore will return to these headquarters without delay. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. Newhall,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 10, 1865 (Received 11th.)

Major G en. GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster, sends over another steamer to- day. This, with those he has already sent, will furnish transportation for 1,800 men. Get them off for Galveston. There is not a very wholesome state of affairs in Texas. The Governor, all the soldiers, and the people generally are disposed to be ugly, and the sooner Galveston can be occupied the better. Slaughter sent his artillery over to Matamoras, and has gone up the Rio Grande.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 10, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER PONTOON TRAIN,

Baton Rouge, La.:

Major-General Sheridan directs that a train of twelve boats be put in complete readiness without dely to move to Shreveport. Please acknowledge receipt.

F. C. NEWHALL,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brazos Santiago, June 10, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Military Division of the Southwest:

GENERAL: Your letter of instructions dated New Orleans, June 2, 1865, is just received. I wrote to General Canby on the 7th instant about matters here, and requested him to inform You on Your arrival in New Orleans in regard to them. Requisitions have been made on the proper staff officers of the Department of the Gulf to supply our immediate necessities. Lumber for the quarters to be erected at this post is arriving daily, and if the mechanics were here the work might commence at once. I have given authority for the erection of a hotel on private enterprise for the accommodation of transitory officers, &amp;c. It is a necessity. . The bridge across the Boca Chica was completed

