
yesterday, and the troops can move up the Rio Grande as the boats arrive for the transportation of supplies up the river. There are now only twenty- six mule teams on the island. My order was to bring a six- mile team for every 200 men of the command that came with me from mobile, but for want of transportation or some other cause all the regiments have not complied with the order. Boats drawing over nine or ten feet of water cannot cross the bar of this harbor with safety, and there is only one small steamer to lighter. General Canby informed me that four others had been ordered here for that purpose and to ply on the Rio Grande. I hope they may be sent over immediately, as they are very much needed. T	here is no water on the island except what is condensed by machinery. The condensers produce only 6,000 gallons per diem, so hat it will be necessary to move the troops destined for the Rio Grande and the "movable column" to te river at once. Brigadier- General Brown had on my arrival a total of 1,915 effective, stationed as follows: The Sixty- second U. S. Colored, 675; Thirty- fourth Indiana Infantry, 300; Second Texas Cavalry, 250 (50 mounted); total 1,425 at Brownsville, and the Forty- sixth U. S . Colored, 490, at Brazos. I have been waiting to hear from You before designating the stations on the Rio Grande above Brownsville. I suppose it will be best to establish a camp for the "movable column" as near Brazos as practicable. We have a depot at Clarksville, nine miles from here, and one small steamer to supply Brownsville at present. The hauling is very heavy, and when the posts are established up the river it will be necessary to have more land transportation or steamers that can cross the bar at the mouth of the Rio Grande. The people at Bagdad say that Walker's division of rebels is in Mexico at Piedras Negras, and that it is going to Sonora to join Doctor Gwin. Yesterday I saw Doctor Canedo, a secret- service man sent here by General Canby. He goes to New Orleans to- day, and can give You all the rumors and tell You what he saw. When the rebels see the President's late proclamation I think they will declare for the Imperialists. A strong feeling of sympathy between them has been manifest. The rebels would like to be sure of being on the wining side, and if they could be pardoned for past offences I think they would join the Liberals, believing that it is the popular side in the united States. I will write You again by the first opportunity. Please send me the order announcing Your staff.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. STEELE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 16, 1865.

Official copy furnished Major- General Granger for his information.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 154. New Orleans, La., June 10, 1865.

* * * * *

6. The entire bateau bridge equipage (except wagons), and corresponding to ninety bateaus, received from Engineer Bureau on requisition

