
of Major M. D. McAlester, corps of engineers, dated September 21, 1864, together with the complete land transportation of the detachment of the bridge, in charge of Lieutenant A. M. Conrad, at Baton Rouge, La., will be transferred to Bvt. Major V. Allen, corps of engineers. The First Company Pontoniers, U. S. Volunteers, Captain J. J. Smith commanding, will report to Major Allen for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Brashear City, La., June 10, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

The water having fallen here more than a foot, which equals six feet in the Catahoula, as that bayou rises or falls ix inches to one sat this point, at which rate it will not be long before it will be impossible to enter that stream with steam- boats, I would respectfully ask what preparations I shall make to have the garrison at Washington supplied during the summer months! It is believed that good beef can be purchased their at 6 or 8 cents, but otherwise everything will have to be sent up by the Catahoula while it is up or sent by wagon train a long route under guard of Romney Iberia. I would respectfully suggest that if they are to remain that there be sent to them, with the exception of beef, subsistence for six month and forage for six month, including only half rations of hay. New Iberia, being differently situated, can be supplied at all times of the year.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Osterhaus to acknowledge receipt of Your communication of May 28 ultimo, and to say in reply: General Canby forbids, emphatically, all searches for Government cotton by the military authorities. It is exclusively in the province of the Treasury Department to collect all produce belonging to the united States Government, and any assistance which that Department may need of the military in bringing the produce to market can only be rendered where there is no doubt of the right of the United States Government to seize. The course of action proposed in Your communication above referred to is fully approved by the major-general commanding. /

I am, general, very resepectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

