HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 10, 1865 (Received 6. 30 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

I have to request that trade restrictions of the Treasure Department be raised or abolished within the limits of this department and that portion of Louisiana north of and including places on Red River. Many of the people have money, while the country south of Arkansas is destitute of supplies, farming implements, &amp;c. In present condition of affairs they will have to be fed at public cost. Our troops now occupy Camden and will soon be at Washington and Shreveport.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Cock, Ark., June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General C. BUSSEY,

Fort Smith:

Fort Gibson will be held. The Fortieth Iowa is designed to replace the Second and Fourteenth Kansas until troops can be sent to relieve them in time.

By command of Major- General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

QUITMAN, VAN BUREN COUNTY, ARK., June 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Seventh Army Corps,

Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark:

GENERAL: II dislike very much to so often trespass upon You time, knowing the vast amount of business that necessarily comes before a district commander and of greater importance than this can possibly be, but seeing from Your letter of the 25th ultimo that You did not understand me in regard to the kind of commands I wish disarmed, hence it is I trouble You again. It is not Your home colony companies, composed of good, honest citizens, whose antecedents are clear and will composed of good, honest citizens, whose antecedents are clear and will do justice to all parties, I object to. Something of this kind I hope will soon be established for our protection, as we have been paroled in good faith and with to return to our homes and again resume our several evictions unmolested; but it is these squads or companies that You call jayhawkers or marauder, which are very numerous in our country, and call themselves independent companies, I object to, headed by Chris. Denton, Thomas Kampton, Dick or Nath. Williams, and others, who say what they do is under the direction of the U. S. authorities. About the 1st of this month, after I had ordered my men to gather up all arms and U. S. property and report at Jacksonport, in pursuance to General Orders, No. 8, issued from General M. Feff. Thompson's headquarters, for the purpose of being paroled, some of these illegal bands above spoken of caught one of my men, held him as a prisoner of war, and perhaps have killed him; did not at least permit him to report and be paroled; took four or five guns that had been collected, pillaged a house, and even took out of it feather beds. These are the squads or kind of men that our paroles are no protection for us in any way whatever,

