
and when we lay down our arms at the same time we lay down our lives, a should we offer to return to our homes. And these are the bands we are so desirous and respectfully aks that You disarm, and not any legal body of men that You may authorize, for we well know the position You occupy, and Your better judgment would dictate that such men would not restore order and peace in the country, and, of curse, are not recognized by You.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. R. WITT,

Colonel Tenth Arkansas Regiment

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES

Searcy, Ark., June 11, 1865.

Upon consultation with Colonel Witt, who desired me to indorse to him paper without sending it through his intermediate commanders, to whom I generally report, I have the honor, in complying with his desire, to respectfully indorse his within- given opinion in regard to these bands calling themselves "independent companies. " I have no doubt whatever that these depredators are jayhawkers and not members of home colonies properly authorized. These robbers are very quiet at present, but if some protection is not granted, paroled insurgents and other peaceably disposed men will be, to say the least, insecure in the pursuit of agriculture, &amp;c. The case is therefore respectfully submitted to You.

Very respectfully,OTTO F. DREHER,

Captain, THIRD Minnesota Veteran Volunteer infantry,

Commanding Detachment, and Acting Assistant Provost- Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,

June 10, 1865.

Major- General DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth:

I will endeavor to have Michigan Brigade and Second Ohio fitted out. These troops are sent for service on the plains. Of course You must send them out an get all the service out of them You can. Push forward everything You have and urge on the Indian campaign. We must settle with the Indians this summer. Use al vigor and speed.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 10, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

I would like to have those tow cavalry regiments at Saint Louis (Second Ohio and Eighth Illinois) fitted up their as soon as possible. The discharge of men in Michigan Cavalry Brigade only leaves about two good regiments. Please answer about the prospects- what the prospects are. have balance of men belonging to the Michigan Cavalry Brigade (some 1200 in all) arrived in Saint louis yet!

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

