
II. All orders now in force and all staff officers now on duty will be recognized and obeyed until otherwise ordered.

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel Fifteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

GLASGOW, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier- General SPALDING:

Nine of Anderson's and Clement's men came in and surrendered to- day. Captain Harris has gone to have another interview with them. Expect 	Anderson, m Clement, and eight more in to- morrow.

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.

FORT Leavenworth, June 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel D. J. HYNES,

Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry:

You will immediately abandon You post at Papinsville, Mo; move two companies of Your regiment west between Butler and Bates Counties, Mo., and the Kansas line, making camp near Marais des Cygnes River. Move the remaining companies now with You at Papinsville to Humboldt, Kans., making that point Your regimental headquarters. You will draw Your supplies from Fort Scott and report to sub- district commander at Fort Scott.

By order of Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell:

JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Post of Fort Leavenworth, Kans., June 10, 1865.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Kansas:

CAPTAIN: Visiting Fort Sully yesterday I became again of opinion that this place should be given up and abandoned without delay. As a Fort this place has no importance whatever under the present circumstances, and I trust will never have again. There are two 32-[pounder] siege guns and quite a lot of ammunition that should be removed and stored at the U. S . arsenal. The lumber about these premises is calculated to be at least 15,000 feet, and we have use for this stuff elsewhere. Keeping it there it will soon decay and be worth nothing in a very short time. Besides this it takes me a corporal and there men daily to guard that property. I therefore respectfully request through You to the general commanding to authorize me to remove all property from Fort Sully and give it up as a Fort for the present. In case of emergency the place can easily be put in condition again.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GUST. HEINRICHS,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 12, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, and are commend the abandonment of the fort.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

