
FORT SCOTT, KANS., June 10, 1865.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports of soldiers discharged from the Second Kansas partially confirm the statements from Osage Mission sent last evening. Two messengers just in from FOrt Gibson report a fresh trail of bushwhackers near Timbered Hills, and learned that eight had crossed the road, three yesterday, going east. Have warned all the outposts.

Very respectfully,

U. B. PEARSALL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

I shall start from here by boats two regiments (Twelfth Missouri and Second Missouri) to Omaha, 1,000 strong, with sixty- days' rations and transportation from the day they leave Omaha. They are ordered to march to Loup Fork as soon as both regiments reach Omaha and await instructions there from You. They ought to be at Omaha by Saturday next if they have good luck, Saw- mill will be shipped to You.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,JULESBURG, Colo. Ter., June 10, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis;

I am doing everything possible to hurry up the expedition. There is not a horse at Laramie for the service. No grass there. not a pound of corn has arrived for Laramie. I am crossing the Sixteenth Kansas over the Platte at this point in a rickety scow. The Sixth U. S. Infantry is 100 miles east of here yet. The troops for the protection of the road are distributed, and matters in that respect working well. I had to keep te sixteenth Kansas up to this time in the vicinity of Cottonwood in order to get something to eat for their horses. My two California companies have arrived at Laramie; horses in good order. I will start north with them and Sixteenth Kansas as soon as some corn arrives, which I am expecting daily. Will You send the force as I requested to east base of Black hills! Could You not send me tow regiments of infantry and two of cavalry who have more then one year to serve to send to Utah! Send one year's clothing to Laramie for Sixteenth Kansas. I may leave them at Powder River. It has nearly two years to serve, and men are almost naked.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

[JUNE 10, 1865. - For Dodge to Connor (two dispatches), and Dodge to Mitchell, relative to movement of troops against Indians in the Northwest, see Part I, pp. 348, 349.]

54 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT II

