
driving some stock. A difficulty arose there between the friendly Indians, the Delawares and Shawnees, and one white man, in which the white man was shot. At this the few friendly Indians that were there got scared and ran, notifying the white settlers residing at the ranches along their route that there was a large band of thieves and southern Indians coming up, called Stand Watie's men. Still they were not followed by them, nor on being questioned could they tell how many there were of them. I also saw some Kaw Indians that were near Walnut Creek at that time, and they reported that they saw no one but scared people. They also reported that there might be a force of hostile Indians coming up, but they thought it was rather too soon. I am satisfied that for the present there is no danger, but I would earnestly recommend that a company of cavalry be stationed at or near Walnut Creek, as that country is without any help whatever. There is also more cattle stealing going on in that region of country, of which the Government must be aware, and I believe it necessary that a company of cavalry and an acting provost-marshal be stationed there to see into such cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WISE,

First Lieutenant Company D, 2nd Colorado Cav. Vols., Commanding Detach.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 12, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

We have pretty reliable information that Stand Watie, under orders of rebel government, has made a combination of hostile southern Indians, which includes all except those known as Pin Indians; we are not certain that it includes any of the Plains Indians. That this combination is made for purpose of entering and operating in Kansas or on its border, and no doubt that is what brings Stand Watie where he now is. It will not do for you to move after Indians on plains until we check or get at the bottom and strength of Stand Watie's movements. If Colonel Blair is not strong enough, you will have to move in that direction. This will give Colonel Leavenworth time to accomplish what he desires; in meantime have everything ready to move in whatever direction the circumstances may require.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., April 12, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

MAJOR: I beg heave respectfully to acknowledge the receipt this day of your dispatch of 7th instant, referring to the article which appeared in the Press newspaper in this city on 24th ultimo. That article occasioned no less surprise to myself than to the major-general commanding, and from the inclosed copy of a dispatch from these headquarters to Major Rose, commanding Fort Wadsworth, dated 25th ultimo, you will perceive that no time was lost in directing that officer to make a full report of all the facts connected with the allegations

