
had not received all of my communications, is just received. I wrote You by different routes from Saint Paul very recently and as full as I think necessary. As to Your having less confidence in Sibley's scouts than I have, of course, that You cannot very well determine. All scouts are alike liable to the charge You name of trying to make our a case for their employers, but I have had enough of Indian and white scouts to duly appreciate Your reasons for distributing their reports. Still, it is from varied and a multiplicity of testimony truth sometimes evolves, and the matter of evidence is nothing, but for it everything, and in the main You do not differ from General Sibley as to the main fact. You say in this letter here before me that the Santees and some of the unfriendly Sioux are near the British line and will continue to send small parties to murder until the English Government stop them or allow us to. This is just the view taken by General Sibley; it is to stop them ourselves, which we have a right to do. It may or may not be necessary to go onto British soil to do this. None of our recent movements have extended so near the line as to make this matter of crossing sine qua non. A new application for leave to cross the line has been made, but that, I think, is not likely to succeed, and we must operate the stronger on our own side. You speak of Cheyennes being in Your district. That may also need our attention, but Your district was up the James, so that most of the hostile Indians near the British line, of which You speak, are also in Your district, especially those on Mouse River. I suppose 1,000 men with reasonable equipments will be a sufficient force to move, as I have suggested, against the hostile lodges that are above Fort Rice. Their presence is abundantly proved, not by scouts, but by their attack on the herd at Fort Rice. Their presence is abundantly proved, not by scouts, but their attack on the herd at Fort Rice and the attack on the Minnesota settlemes of approaches from the west reach the settlements of Dakota such efforts as seem necessary will, of course, be made as soon as possible to check them. For this matter, however, re-enforcements may go up from the Platte. Let me know what news You have from the Cheyennes. They were badly whipped and frightened by Chivington and Mitchell below the Platte last year, and they may try to join the Sioux and do some mischief north of the Platte this year. We must also see to this. I have determined to send my chief of staff, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Weed, to carry this letter and to explain to You more fully my wishes, and if possible to had in determining and securing whatever is necessary for Your early and energetic movement.

I have the honor to remain, general, Your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, La., June 11, 1865.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request You to order Brigadier-General West, U. S. Volunteers, to report to him for assignment to duty in Texas.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

