
Cape Girardeau, and will go down the river by land. There are three brigades, viz, Freeman's, Dobbin's and McCray, on furlough east and west of Black River. They made every exertion to concentrate them as I was passing through. It is impossible to get these men together, and they say they will never serve in the Confederate Army again. I will remain here until the 13th. My stock is in better condition than when I left.

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Colonel Second Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

FORT LYON, June 11, 1865. (Received 9 p. m. 14th.)

His Excellency A. JOHNSON,

President of the United States:

We have received no answer to our telegram from Lawrence, Kans. Send this by express. Our messenger waits a reply at Denver. From all we learn we can probably have peace with the Indians on the New Mexico routes without further hostilities south of the Arkansas, if we are authorized to treat with the chiefs. will You authorize us to do so? If offensive was is to go on against the Comanches, Kiowas, Cheyennes, and Arapahoes, it will cost probably $40,000,000 and require near 10,000 troops to make it effectual.

J. R. DOOLITTLE,

Chairman.

L. S. FOSTER.

L. W. ROSS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., June 11, 1865.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding District of Wisconsin:

GENERAL: My son has shown me Your letter in relation to the orders requiring me to report brigade and staff officers who can be dispensed with. The orders were sent and action demanded while I was at Saint Paul. Yesterday I received another dispatch demanding a report of my action - the orders placing Veteran Reserve troops and all troops relating to staff of General Fry and Surgeon-General Barnes out of my command. Your force becomes hardly sufficient for a brigadier, and I must, in conformity to my reasonable construction, relieve and order You and General Campbell to Your homes, there to report for orders to the Adjutant-General of the U. S. Army. This order does not seem to include past honorable services. In another order a merit roll is to be forwarded, in which Your services should be mentioned. Let me assure You, general, that in this separation as comrades in the service I regret exceedingly. Your honesty and fidelity, Your zeal and meritorious services, are appreciated by me, and You may be sure of my best wishes for the long enjoyment of the honors You have won in Your early and long-continued efforts which have aided in the suppression of the great rebellion and the glorious triumph of our country.

I have the honor to be, general, Your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

