HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 12, 1865. (Received 14th.)

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The subject of transportation has given me great annoyance and been the cause of very great delay. General Merritt is off to Shreveport this morning and will be able to get off with his cavalry column for San Antonio in ten days. The Twenty-fifth Army Corps is still en route. Granger will get off for Galveston in a day or two. I heard from Steele at Brazos Santiago. There is nothing practical in the surrender of the Texas troops of Kirby Smith's command. It looks more like a move than anything else. Slaughter sold his artillery to the Imperialists. I have ordered Steele to make a report on the subject, giving the date of the transfer. I also sent him verbal instructions to hold no intercourse with the authorities at Matamoras.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, La., June 12, 1865. (Received 14th.)

Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Your telegram about transportation has been received. The non-arrival of the six steamers agreeable to promise has delayed our operations very much. I hope that You will hurry them forward. I will be obliged to detain some of the steamers carrying the twenty-fifth Army Corps. The troops to go to Texas might as well all go at once. I think it the best economy. The steamers will not be detained one moment longer than necessary.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 156. New Orleans, La., June 12, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General P. H. Sheridan, commanding Military Division of the Southwest, for orders.

* * * * *

6. Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding Cavalry Forces of the department, will proceed without delay to Memphis, Tenn., in accordance with the special instructions received by him from the major-general commanding. On the completion of that duty he will return to this city and report at these headquarters.

7. Major Frank Eno, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, Department of the Gulf, for duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

