
made without unnecessary delay. I know of my own knowledge that some of the statements put forth are false, and as Major Rose, commanding the post, is one of the very best and most conscientious officers I am acquainted with, and for that reason selected by me for the command of the distant and important post of Wadsworth, I am well satisfied that any abuses which may have escaped his observation will be promptly rectified. I need not assure the major-general commanding that I am equally anxious with himself to maintain the purity of the military administration of affairs in every department of the service in this district, and to this end I have spared neither pains nor exertion, and I fatter myself that my efforts have been, for the most part, successful. As you well remark, it is absolutely necessary to employ persons as scouts, interpreters, &amp;c., whose morals are none of the most immaculate, but due care is taken to trust no one with the charge of public property whose character is not respectable and upright. When Major Rose's report shall have reached me a copy will be forthwith dispatched to you.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -I omitted to mention the fact that strict orders have heretofore been issued to Major Rose to permit no one in the employ or pay of the Government to trade with the Indians, and to allow of no traders whatever among those who have surrendered themselves to the military authorities, except such as are specially designated in orders from these headquarters. The prohibition includes Major Brown, special agent, as well as all others temporarily employed in the capacity of scouts, interpreters, &c.

H. H. S.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 25, 1865.

Major R. H. ROSE,

Commanding Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter.:

MAJOR: Your attention is respectfully directed to the marked article in the slip taken form the Press newspaper in this city, dated at the post under your command 4th instant. While it is not considered requisite in ordinary cases to notice such effusions of correspondents, the charges contained in the inclosed article are so specific in their character, and reflect so severely upon the military administration of affairs at Fort Wadsworth, that General Sibley requests you to make a special report on the subject, embracing all the points noticed in the communication and giving all the facts connected therewith. It is hardly necessary to remind you that it is deemed essential by General Sibley to the purity and reputation of the service that the most stringent construction shall be given to all instructions from these headquarters which are intended to regulate intercourse with the Indians who have surrendered to the Government, protect them against improper treatment from every quarter, and place them under such salutary restraints as the nature of the case demands. In the report you will specify the number of scouts actually employed in accordance with existing orders, and their compensation, &c.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

