HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brazos Santiago, Tex., June 12, 1865.

Colonel CONRAD KREZ,

Commanding Third Brigade, Benton's Division:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that You will proceed with Your command to-morrow morning to Clarksville, Tex., opposite Bagdad. You will there select a camp and await further orders. You will please report to these headquarters for further instructions.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, ILL., June 12, 1865 - 2. 30 p. m.

Major-General POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have ordered a brigade of troops to Saint Louis and 5,000 infantry to Arkansas to enable You to carry out orders for mustering out troops. Will You still required cavalry beyond what has been sent You?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 12, 1865 - 6. 35 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Chicago:

The difficulty about the troops sent here consists in the fact that the larger part of the cavalry come without horses, and many of them go out of service in July and August. The order requires the immediate muster out both of dismounted cavalry and of cavalry whose terms of service expire September 30. The discharge of men in Michigan Brigade only leaves two regiments. The whole brigade only brought 600 horses; 200 of these were unserviceable. I got from cavalry Bureau 900 horses. The brigade needed 2,300. I am discharging all troops coming under orders for discharge, except those actually in campaign on the plains. These could not be replaced, as they are on the march hundreds of miles beyond the settlements. I hope Indian troubles will be settled by September 1, when all, except necessary guards along Overland Route and at posts in the Indian country, can be discharged. I think the brigade which You have ordered here, if it comes with full number of horses, will be enough. The force sent to Arkansas is enough to enable us to complete discharges. There are no more horses here, and I understand no expectation of any. Twelve hundred men of Michigan Brigade have not yet reached here; detained somewhere east; will write You fully on this subject.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 12, 1865 - 10. 34 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Little Rock, Ark.:

By order of the President all military restrictions upon trade throughout the limits of the United States have removed, except as to contraband of war, such as arms, munitions, &amp;c.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

