
mand without my authority to dispossess violently the clerk of the court at Sedalia and install the new appointee. You know my views and purposed on this subject. They have been submitted by me to the President of the United States, with my letter to You of May 30, on this subject, and by him approved and confirmed. I shall be obliged, therefore, to undo the act of Captain Putnam. Had You not best undo it yourself, and trust the matter to legal decisions according to law. If You will undo it, it will be best in every view. Please answer immediately by telegraph.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., June 12, 1865. (Received 3. 20 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

Governor Fletcher is absent from home at this time. Will be back by the middle of the week.

C. W. WAITE,

Private Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Numbers 157. Saint Louis, Mo., June 12, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Company E, Second Regiment Missouri Light Artillery Volunteers, will report to Colonel N. Cole, commanding the regiment, and proceed to Omaha, Nebr., with a view to joining the regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

6. Major Thomas Derry, commanding a battalion of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, having reported at these headquarters, will move his command to Benton Barracks, reporting temporarily to Colonel B. L. E. Bonneville, commanding, and await further orders.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 131. Saint Louis, Mo., June 12, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Pursuant to instructions from department headquarters Company B, Fifty-first Wisconsin Volunteers, is relieved from duty in this district, and will proceed at once by railroad to Warrensburg and report to commanding officer Central District for further orders, The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Beveridge:

H. HANNAHS,

Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

