HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., June 12, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to state that there has been no trouble in this district, so far as military operations are concerned, since the surrender of the bushwhackers at Lexington and other places. Soldiers can travel in small squads or alone without molestation. Bushwhacking appears to have ceased. Turbulence, bad feeling, and crime may be expected for some time to come. The judicial and ministerial officers of the civil law are slow to return to their former efficiency, while there is a very general feeling that the courts can and may be turned into engines of oppression. I respectfully suggested that the strict enforcement of Special Orders, Numbers 109, current series, headquarters department, can now safely be dispensed with at many points on the river. The troops in the district have had no opportunity of drilling as battalions. I would like to concentrate companies of different regiments at important points, so far as practicable, for the purpose of instructing them.

I am, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. H. FORD,

Lawrence command according to Your rank, by General Dodge's order.

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 116. Fort Riley, Kans., June 12, 1865.

* * * * *

13. The commanding officer Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry will relieve from duty in the regiment one squadron, the commanding officer of which will report to these headquarters for instructions.

14. The Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry will move at 7 a. m. Tuesday, the 13th instant, in the following order of march, for their station at Cow Creek, on the Santa Fe road: One squadron will proceed by way of Council Grove, Kans., escorting trans that may be assembled at that place as far as Cow Creek; two squadrons will proceed via Saline, Fort Ellsworth, and Fort Zarah to Cow creek, and the other squadrons will proceed via Saline to Cow Creek district. Seventeen days' rations will be taken with each detachment. The commanding officer of the regiment, also detachment commanders, will report to these headquarters for further instructions.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

