
that the order for the Fourth Corps has better be countermanded unless our affairs are liable to become complicated with the Imperial Government of Mexico. I do not know whether this may occur or not. My own opinion is and has been that Maximilian should leave that country and that his establishment there was a part of the rebellions. My doubt as to the intention of the Government leads me to ask of the lieutenant-general the decision as to whether the Fourth Corps will be sent or not. Please reply quickly, as I desire to make a trip along the coast of Texas down to the Rio Grande, touching at Galveston, Indianola, Corpus Christi, and other points on the coast. I shall have to remain here until I hear from You, on account of the shipping of the Fourth Army Corps.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 13, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. A. FORSYTH,

Major-General Sheridan's Staff, Memphis, Tenn.:

Land the cavalry that You are shipping at Alexandria instead of Shreveport. The cavalry that You have now at Memphis will be organized into a column and moved out from Alexandria. The Red River is falling rapidly. Acknowledge receipt.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 8. New Orleans, La., June 13, 1865.

1. Major General Wesley Merritt, chief of cavalry of this division, will assume command of the following named regiments, and the commanding officers of said regiments will report their respective commands to him as soon as practicable: First Louisiana Cavalry, Second Illinois Cavalry, Second New Jersey Cavalry, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Third Michigan Cavalry. The orders previously issued in regard to the movements of these regiments will remain in force subject only to such variation as Major-General Merritt may deem necessary.

2. Brigadier General J. R. West, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 156, headquarters Department of the Gulf, June 12, 1865, is hereby ordered to report to Major General Wesley Merritt, chief of cavalry of this division, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,

New Orleans, La., June 13, 1865.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, Mobile, Ala.:

On Your arrival at Galveston assume command of all troops in the State of Texas; carry out the conditions of the surrender of General

