
Kirby Smith to Major-General Canby; notify the people of Texas that in accordance with the existing proclamation from the Executive of the United States "all slaves are free; " advise all such freedmen that they must remain at home; that they will not be allowed to collect at military posts, and will not be supported in idleness. Notify the people of Texas that all acts of the Governor and Legislature of Texas since the ordinance of secession are illegitimate. Take such steps as in Your judgment are most conductive to the restoration of law and order and the return of the State to her true allegiance to the United States Government.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 157. New Orleans, La., June 13, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Captain D. J. Keily, additional aide-de-camp, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from duty in this department, and will report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army, at Washington, D. C., for orders.

* * * * *

6. Colonel H. Bertram, Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty with Brigadier General George L. Andrews, provost-marshal-general, and will rejoin his regiment.

* * * * *

9. Captain James R. Scott, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as at present assigned, and will report to the commanding general and chief commissary of the Military Division of the Southwest for orders.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby;

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

Shreveport, La., June 13, 1865.

Colonel COATES,

Commanding Post of Alexandria, La.:

COLONEL: Major-General Herron directs me to acknowledge the receipt of Your letter of the 9th instant. The general commanding is gratified at the favorable report You make regarding affairs in Your command, and hopes that the general good feeling may continue and in the end complete confidence be restored. As soon as possible some cavalry will be sent You, but this cannot be done just now; You will have to the best You can with force You have. Perhaps it would be well to mount a few men for the purpose of looking after the Piney Woods people. General Herron desires You to punish severely any one whom You find breaking the peace. Any one caught in arms or jayhawking need not have much consideration; the more summarily they are dealt with the sooner peace will ensued. The labor question is by far the most vexed one just now and will demand more patience than any other. You will please explain the policy to be pursued in

