HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., April 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at his office this 13th day of April, 1865: Major Webster reports from Pass Manchac the 12th instant that he visited Springfield, La., on the night of the 7th. There had been no force there for some time, but a company under Captain Bradley was expected to be stationed in the vicinity. Lieutenant-Colonel Terry, from a Virginia Regiment, was attempting to collect men at Amite City. Any officer or soldier on furlough from the rebel army, who brings in a deserter receives an extension of thirty days. Colonels Powers and Griffith are still near Woodville, Miss. Mr. Bell, a scout, who left Washington, La., on the 9th instant, reports that he was in Washington from the 6th to the 9th and gained the following information from daily couriers from Alexandria through some Union men in Washington: The situation, as far as Buckner's command is concerned, is little changed. The Seventh Louisiana Cavalry returned to the Teche country from Alexandria on the 16th of March. General Thomas still commands at Alexandria, and Brent's brigade, Bagby's division of cavalry, holds the country this side. This brigade has the Second, Fourth, and Seventh Louisiana Cavalry, and a Regiment consolidated from two others. General J. L. Brent was formerly a lawyer of Los Angeles, Cal. Bagby's headquarters were somewhere in the vicinity of Natchitoches. Major's and Parsons' divisions of cavalry have been moved into Texas, also another division, not known, to counteract any demonstration by our forces on the coast. This is simply confirmatory of previous reports. There were no indications of any attempt to cross the Mississippi, as the troops still positively refuse to go. The demoralization of the army has extended to its officers. Several officers of the Second Louisiana Cavalry are in close confinement for attempting to desert, among whom are Captain Morell and one of his lieutenants. Captain Prescott, of the same Regiment, commanding at Washington, says if the army falls back into Texas he will surrender himself to the Yankees. The country between Washington [and Alexandria] is so thoroughly policed that Mr. Bell found it impossible to proceed farther than the former place. The water in the Red River and tributaries is falling a little. Orders have been issued by General Kirby Smith for conscripti

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 13, 1865.

Major A. M. JACKSON:

SIR: On the 28th of March I received orders to proceed to Morganza, pass through the lines, go to Washington, and thence toward Alexandria as far as practicable in quest of military information. I passed through the lines and reached Washington on the 6th of April. There I learned that on the 16th of March the Seventh Louisiana Cavalry, Colonel bush, passed down toward Brashear City, the same Regiment

