
ernment. It certainly does seem to be the dictate of humanity, justice, and good policy in a case like this, when the Indians desire peace, where a portion of them have been shamefully treated by officers and soldiers under the flag of the United States, and where a vast expense of money and perhaps of life can be saved by such a course, that negotiations should be opened with them and the military expedition made to depend upon the success or failure of negotiations. I have constantly entertained the idea that on every consideration it is better for all parties that we supply the simple wants of the Indians than fight them; but from some reason unknown to me - some radical different in the views of most of the military commanders in the West and this office as to the treatment of the Indians - our efforts to preserve or to restore peaceful relations with this unfortunate people are constantly thwarted. If

the visit of the Congressional committee to the frontiers and the information and suggestions furnished by them shall result in the establishment of a more peaceful, and, as I believe, a more humane and just policy, I shall be highly gratified and hope for permanent quiet upon the borders and lasting good to the Indians.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

W. P. DOLE,

Commissioner.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 13, 1865 - 7. 40 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief, Chicago, Ill.:

I think the time has come when I can properly issue an order revoking law in Missouri. With You assent I will, by the concurrence of the Governor of the State, issue the necessary order. Please advise me if You approve.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 31. Saint Louis, Mo., June 13, 1865.

The following telegraphic instructions from the War Department are promulgated for general information:

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 29, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteers organizations of white troops in Your command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service. The muster out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th instant, from this office. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State; to veteran regiments when no practicable to regiment having the longest time to serve. It is proper to add that this order will discharge as follows: First, the three-years' regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1 of that year; second, three-years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates; third, one-year men for new and old organizations who entered the service prior to October, 1865.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

