
All troops coming under the provisions of the foregoing instructions will be fortwith discharged, except those who are at remote stations upon the Indian frontier or who are engaged in active operations against Indians.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 13, 1865.

Captain J. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: For the information of the major-general commanding Military Division of the Missouri, I have the honor to report the following changes as in progress in this department: Under telegraphic instructions from Adjutant-General of the Army, dated June 5, 1865, the following dismounted cavalry will be mustered out: First Arkansas cavalry, Third Arkansas Cavalry, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, Second Kansas Cavalry, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, Fifth Kansas Cavalry (detachment), First Indiana Cavalry (detachment); in all about 3,500 men. Under War Department General Orders, Numbers 83, current series, the following consolidations are taking place": Detachment of Third Missouri Cavalry consolidated with the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry; detachment of Eighth Missouri Cavalry (now at Camden) will be consolidated with the First Missouri Cavalry; detachment of Sixth Kansas Cavalry to be consolidate with the Ninth Kansas Cavalry. The following batteries as organizations will also be mustered our under telegraphic instructions from War Department, May 29, 1865: First Delaware Battery; Battery A, Third Illinois; First Arkansas Battery; Second Kansas Battery. The Eighth Missouri Cavalry and Ninth Wisconsin Infantry (battalion about 300) are at Camden. The Twelfth Michigan Infantry Volunteers, full regiment, is en route for Washington, Ark. First Arkansas Cavalry (dismounted) is to be mustered out, but it cannot take place immediately, as the regiment is garrisoning the northwestern part of this State and must be replaced. I also forward copies of orders from Major General P. H. Sheridan, dated Cairo, May 29, and New Orleans, June 7. * Am expecting daily to hear from the Indians, and will as soon as possible attend to paroling them. Commissioners have gone to Washington, Camden, and Monticello.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 13, 1865. (Received 9. 20 a. m. 14th.)

Major-General POPE:

Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, informs me that Mr. Morrison, who was sent to Comanches and Kiowas, has returned. They robbed the party of everything. Informed them they had made a treaty with Texans and Southern Indians to attack points on Southern route; trains, &amp;c., were to start June 1. They have

---------------

* See pp. 648, 803.

---------------

