
MACON, June 13, 1865.

Colonel B. W. LEWIS,

Glasgow:

General Spalding has not yet determined when he will visit Glasgow. He will telegraph You when he will come. I shall leave to-morrow morning for Saint Louis. General Fisk is expected there June 15. There is yet room for hope on the new constitution. The returns from northern counties are all favorable; so is the soldiers' vote. We have yet to beat about 4,000 votes, and I think it can be done. The vote of such counties as Boone and Callaway, and Roanoke Precinct, should not be counted. Talk to the secretary of state about it.

W. T. CLARKE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-general.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,

Numbers 17. Fort Riley, June 13, 1865.

I. For the better protection of trains and emigration passing through the District of the Upper Arkansas, the following sub-divisions are organized, viz: Sub-District Numbers 1, composing the posts of Fort Riley, Ellsworth, and the stations of Saline and Lake Sibley, commanded by Colonel H. E. Maynadier, Fifth U. S. Volunteers, headquarters at Fort Riley, Kans. ; Sub-District Numbers 2, composing that portion of the Santa Fe road from Council Grove to Fort Zarah, inclusive, commanded by Colonel E. C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, headquarters at Council Grove; Sub-District Numbers 3, composing that portion of the Santa Fe road from Fort Zarah to Fort Lyon, Colo. Ter. (including Fort Lyon), commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. R. King, Second U. S. Volunteers, headquarters at Fort Larned, Kans.

II. The sub-district commanders will see that their troops are kept property armed and equipped, and habitually in readiness for instant movement. They will be held responsible for the safety of the country and the travel along their respective lines, and have full authority to move their troops according to the necessities of the service.

III. The headquarters of the sub-districts will not be changed without the authority of the general commanding. Copies of all orders issued by the commanders of sub-districts will be promptly furnished to these headquarters.

IV. The great scarcity of company officers in the district, and the insignificant amount of staff duty required at some of the sub-districts and posts demand that as many duties be combined in one officer as can be faithfully performed. Commanders will give this their immediate attention, and send to their companies every officer who can be spared. In sub-districts no officer will be assigned to any duty not authorized by existing orders.

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 117. Fort Riley, Kans., June 13, 1865.

9. So much of paragraph 14, Special Orders, Numbers 116, current series, headquarters District of the Upper Arkansas, as directs a battalion of

