
I saw Doctor Canedo, a secret-service man sent here by General Canby. He goes to New Orleans to-day and can give You all the rumor and tell You what he saw. When the rebels see the President's late proclamation I think they will declare for the Imperialists. A strong feeling of sympathy between them has been manifested. The rebels would like to be sure of living on the winning side, and if they could be pardoned for past offenses I think they would join the Liberals, believing that is the popular side in the United States.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

FRED K. STEELE,

Major-General.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 14, 1865. (Received 16th.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL,

Washington:

Since Your last telegram, dated June 7, I have heard nothing of the light-draft steamers. Their non-arrival here has been of the most serious consequence. Most of the steamers of the twenty-fifth Army Corps are of such heavy draft that they cannot cross the bars on the coast of Texas, and the difficulty here of procuring lighters has been very great, and creates much expense on account of the detention of steamers. We want here at least six light-draft steamers for the coast of Texas and for contingencies and convenience of the public service. When private lines are re-established it may be cheaper to carry freight by them,, but it is bad to be seizing private boats for contingencies, as it brings heavy expense upon the Government.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 158. New Orleans, La., June 14, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Timothy Owen, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as acting assistant quartermaster at the city of Mobile, to date from the 12th instant, and ordered to report to Major-General Granger, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 186. New Orleans, June 14, 1865.

1. The Fort at Plaquemine will be dismantled forthwith. The ordnance and ordnance stores will be sent to the arsenal at Baton Rouge. The quartermaster's and commissary stores will be sent to the proper depots in this city. As soon as this is done the post will be abandoned, and the commanding officer will proceed to New Orleans and report with the troops of his command to these headquarters. The commanding

