
officer at Plaquemine is charged with the execution of this order. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, June 14, 1865.

Brigadier General R. A. Cameron,

Commanding La Fourche District:

GENERAL: I am directed by the command general acknowledge the receipt of Your letter of the 12th instant. He directs me to say that he approves of Your dismantling Fort Buchanan, but in the present state of the command, relative to the movement of troops west of the Mississippi, he does not feel at liberty to give orders for the removal of the garrison at Brashear to Franklin.

I am, sir, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., June 14, 1865.

Brigadier General E. S. DENNIS,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that You prepare one regiment of infantry and the detachment of Sixth Missouri Cavalry here for movement to Marshall, Tex., at an early hour to-morrow morning. The force will be under command of an officer to be selected by yourself for his ability and fitness for the position, and who will report direct to these headquarters, Supplies for twenty days will accompany the troops. You will be pleased to direct the officer selected to command to report at these headquarters as soon as possible for detailed instructions.

I have the honor to be, general, Your most obedient servant,

WM. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: In compliance with paragraph 3, of General Orders, Numbers 81, current series, from the headquarters Department of the Gulf, I have the honor to submit the following report: So far as I have been able to ascertain up to this date the number and location of the troops of my command are assigned in the accompanying tabular statement. * I am still without report from the extreme northern and southern districts as to the strength of the different posts, and it will take the liberty to lay before the major-

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

