
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Jackson, Miss., June 14, 1865.

Major W. A. Gordon, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty, is hereby announced as assistant adjutant-general of the district. All communications from the chiefs of the several staff departments within the district will be addressed to him, and all orders delivered through him will be obeyed.

By order of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 14, 1865 - 3. 40 p. m. (Received 4. 40 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington:

I have mailed a letter to You expressing my own wishes and views about new arrangements of commands. I trust that, if consistent with public intersects, any orders establishing new commands may not be issued until my letter is received.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 14, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General-in-Chief of the Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of copies of the following communications in relation to indorsement thereon of June 10: First, letter dated May 6, 1865, from J. H. Leavenworth, Indian agent, to W. P. Dole, Commissioner of Indian Affair. Second, letter dated May 9, from Honorable Newton Edmunds, Governor of Dakota Territory and ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs for that Territory, to W. P. Dole, Commissioner of Indian Affairs Third, letter dated May 10, from same to same. Fourth, letter dated May 26, from W. P. Dole, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to Honorable J. Harlan, Secretary of the Interior. Fifth, letter date May 29, from Honorable J. Harlan, Secretary of the Interior, to Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War. * In relation to Colonel Leavenworth's letter and operations, In inclose herewith a dispatch from Washington, signed by the Secretaries of War and Interior, and two dispatches from General Dodge, which cover the whole case. In relation to the two letters of the Honorable Newton Edmunds I have only to say that the Sioux Indians have been attacking everybody in their region of country, and only lately, long since the date of these letters, attacked in heavy force Fort Rice, on the Upper Missouri, well fortified and garrisoned by four companies of infantry, with artillery. They have also made several raids into Minnesota and at least one along the Iowa border. If these things show any desire for peace, I confess I am not able to perceive it. There are some of the Sioux bands of the Dakota Territory who are peaceably disposed, and we are using ever effort to get them into the military posts to effect peace with them, and I hope we shall soon be able to

---------------

* See Harlan to Stanton, May 29, and inclosures, pp. 661-665.

---------------

