
are committed upon Indians by these irresponsible crowds of white men flocking through their country. It is only what the Indian does to the white man that is published to the country; never what the white man does to the Indian. I have not a doubt that the Indians could be pacified if they did not hope from day to day that by keeping up hostilities they would secure a treaty such as has always before been made with them, and which supplies their wants. Be sending troops enough the Indians can of course be exterminated, but surely such cruelty cannot be contemplated by the Government. The question is not squarely before us. Either the extermination of the Indian tribes or a humane policy which shall save tem from si cruel a fate, and at the same time secure from danger white emigrants.

The present system of Indian policy has only to be pursued a few years longer, and in view of the past results in this direction if it certain that no Indians will be left to treat with. Where are the great tribes of Indians to whom we applied this system of treaty making so short a time since? Has there been a people on earth who has been so rapidly destroyed under the pretense of hind treatment? It is a simple process to calculate how long is the term of life of the tribes which still remain. Nothing can save them from the same fate unless the Government changes its course, gathers them together, and places them in such a position and condition that they will no longer be objects of cupidity to unscrupulous whites. So long as they receive money and goods they will be a constant source of temptation to white men and will be wronged and plundered. It is surely unnecessary for me to pursue this subject further. I am only reiterating opinions and views long since officially communicated to the War Department, and which I am, convinced the new Secretary of the Interior would gladly examine and consider courteously. To his predecessor in office it has been useless to present beg, therefore, that this communication, with its inclosures, be laid before the Honorable Mr. Harlan. I feel confident that he will very willingly adopt the plan suggested or some other to save his Department from discredit and the Government from the shame of inhumanity. I shall pursue the course I have begun without change, unless I receive orders to the contrary from my proper superiors. Since beginning this letter the inclosed dispatches have been received. * The Indians thought by Colonel Leavenworth to be so anxious for peace are those mainly concerned in the reported outrages. Opportunity has been and is being to him to make peace with these Indians. He has been once robbed of his stock and driven out of their country. My impression is that this time he will lose his life.

I transmit also copy of a letter just received from General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, which touches upon some of the points in question. *

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 15, 1865.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your report of 12th by telegraph from Pine Bluff announcing Your arrival at Camden and reporting state of navigation in

---------------

* Not found as inclosures.

---------------

