
Ouachita River is received. It appears that the river may be relied upon for supplying the forces under Your command to a pointed about twenty miles from Camden. Your further investigation by the time this reaches You will enable You to determine with more certainly what the prospects are. The major-general commanding suggests that a stations be established at the point named for the discharge of cargoes of stores and that wagon trains transport over the twenty miles of road to Camden. Make such disposition as Your judgment may determine, and advise as to Your wishes and necessities as early as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., June 14, 1865. (Received 9. 10 a. m. 15th.)

Major-General POPE:

I leave for Saint Louis to-night.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,June 14, 1865 - 1. 45 p. m.

Major BARNES,

Department Headquarters;

I think You had best send the Second Ohio Cavalry to Springfield, Mo. The cavalry regiments now in Southwest Missouri can be mustered out of service and their horses turned over to the Second Ohio. General Sanborn is in town. Confer with him on this subject.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

FORT LARNED, KANS., June 14, 1865. (Received 6. 10 p. m. 19th.)

Brigadier General JAMES A. HARDIE:

GENERAL: For the last few days the Indians along the route have been very active and hostile. Many men have been murdered; hundreds of animals have been stolen. Fort Dodge has lost every animal. The force can now do nothing with the Indians. A large and effective cavalry force, under a good commander, must be sent here without delay or the large number of trains now on the plains will be destroyed or captured.

D. B. SACKET,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 23. Warrensburg, Mo., June 14, 1865.

I. Sub-district commanders are directed to place troops in camps, and the camps will be as far from the towns near which they are stationed as circumstance will permit.

II. The orders heretofore issued to the effect that not more than 5 per cent. of the men reported for duty shall pass out of camp, unless on

