
duty, and then only between reveille and retreat, must be strictly enforced. Officers who allow their men to straggle will be recommended for dismissal or arrested and tried by court-martial.

By order of Bvt. Brigadier General C. Harding, Jr., commanding district:

G. CALSTZMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 14, 1865. - For Dodge to Ford, relative to Indian affairs in the Northwest, see Part I, p. 350.]

FORT RILEY, June 14, 1865. (Received 8. 30 a. m. 15th.)

Major-General DODGE:

Reports are coming in from post commanders thick and fast that large bodies of Indians are now along the entire line. I will leave for the west some time during the night. The river is still swimming deep.

J. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, June 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORD,

Fort Riley:

GENERAL: I have ordered the howitzers to You, with me to man them. I wrote You to-day. * You must move for the Indians as directed in my letter sent to-day. The farther north they get the less distance we will have to travel for them. Fifteenth Kansas are on their way to You, and rest of Thirteenth Missouri will soon be there. You can withdraw the Salt Marsh force if You deem best. A regiment is on the way out to that country from here.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., June 14, 1865.

H. D. JANES,

Chief of Scouts:

You will keep out constantly, both north and south of the line of travel, scouting parties numbering from fifteen to twenty men, to try and catch some of the numerous war parties of Indians now infesting the line. The commanding officer at Fort Larned has been notified to furnish You with troops, reporting result of scout to sub-district commander; also direct to these headquarters. Scouting parties should always start out after dark, keeping off the main traveled road, traveling as much as possible after night. When they do travel daytimes, should keep as much as possible in the ravines.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 350.

---------------

