
scouts for bushwhackers, and abandon their homes on our approach. The country was rife with the most fabulous stories in regard to my column while moving to this place, while I was vainly looking about on the prairies for the Painsville [sic]. I was nearly believing a myth, unconscious of the terror and dread being spread amongst the fleeing inhabitants. This I know: My scouts have failed to find even a trace of a bushwhacker, and it is the first time in their experience in Missouri they have been unsuccessful. The better to facilitate business in the present detached state of my regiment, I take the liberty of forwarding a roster of commissioned officers and their present stations.

I am, captain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

D. J. HYNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTH SUB-DIST. OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 7. Denver, Colo. Ter., June 14, 1865.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 26, paragraph 3, headquarters District of the Plains, current series, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this sub-district.

All orders heretofore issued from these headquarters will remain in force until further orders. First Lieutenant J. s. Graham, Third U. S. Volunteers, will act as acting assistant adjutant-general until further orders.

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

SIOUX CITY, June 14, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have received Your telegram and Your letter in regard to the transfer of the Winnebagoes to Crow Creek, one among the hundred swindles the poor red devils have been subjected to. I have no officer I can send to give testimony in this business, except my old staff, Captain King, Captain Pell, and Lieutenant Levering. I can trust them, and they know. The officers on my staff at present are willing, but know little. General, You know an officer who attends to his duties strictly has to depend on himself. You are old soldier enough to know what I mean. There are plenty of officers in the command who are my friends, would like to serve me, but could not testify to any facts in the case. They have not held positions high enough to know. Major Brackett's Minnesota battalion I would place on that duty, but he cannot be spared. Captain M. Norton, assistant adjutant-general, is the only member of my personal staff, and of course he knows nothing about it. I expected to take with me Major Cram, acting assistant adjutant-general, now at Dubuque. Two officers were detailed at headquarters army to relieve Cram, and these two were relieved again by orders from headquarters army. I suppose they did not like living on alkali and hard tack. King, lieutenant-colonel Second U. S. Volunteers, is now at Fort Riley, and knows all about it, but so does Representative Hubbard, of Iowa. Levering is dea, and pell a lawyer in New York. The surveyor arrived here to-night, and wants a company of cavalry to take care of him while he finds the meridian, twenty

