HDQRS TALLAHASSA MISSION, CREEK NATION,April 13, 1865.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade:

I have the honor to report that a scout of eight men, four mounted and four on foot, that I dispatched by Choska, west of here in the direction of Concharty, returned late last night in a great hurry and very much scared. The sergeant of the scout reports as follows: That he passed through Choska town and told his footmen to keep on whilst he went ahead with his horseman to look out for an enemy and gather some beef-cattle, which he performed; and having about fifteen head of cattle on the road, about five miles this side of Concharty (twenty-five miles to Concharty from here), on his return to meet his footmen, when all of a sudden nine well-mounted armed men dashed up after them, but stopped, dismounted, and dared a volley at long range; then mounted and charged, when the sergeant and his men thought "prudence the better part of valor" and charged also, but with their ponies' tails toward the foe, abandoning the beef-cattle, and arriving here minus a pony, which broke down on the retreat. The supposition is that the enemy are cattle thieves and appeared to be white men.

I remain, sir, your most obedient and humble servant,

F. J. FOX,

First Lieutenant, &amp;c.

All's well at the Mission. The Arkansas is reported very deep and impassable. I received rations and clothing all right, which had to be ferried over in small quantities in canoes at old Marshall's place. Then we pressed wagons and hauled them up to the Mission, about six miles. I hope it is true that Richmond is ours.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 13, 1865. (Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

One of my staff officers has just arrived at Fort Leavenworth from Eureka, on Kansas border. He does not place much credit in the reports of force at mouth of Walnut intending to come north. Thinks there are only a few Indians there.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 99. Saint Louis, Mo., April 13, 1865.

* * * * * * *

8. The office of district superintendent of refugees will be discontinued. District commanders will appoint local superintendents at such points as subsistence is issued to refugees. Local superintendents, in addition to such reports as may be required by district commanders, will make their reports direct to Chaplain A. Wright, superintendent of Refugee Bureau.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

