
is hereby ordered to report to Major General Wesley Merritt, chief of cavalry of this division, for assignment to duty at Shreveport, La. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Steamer crescent, June 15, 1865.

General J. w. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In spite of all my representations of the vital importance of having a supply of coal and water at this place and the promises that nothing would be here, neither can be found. I have therefore ordered all those that have water and coal to go to their destination; all those that want coal, to New Orleans, and all those that want water, to the Mississippi River. After mature deliberation this is the quickest way to settle the whole difficulty. To avoid the necessity of vessels going to New Orleans to coal, a coal vessel or two might now be sent to the Head of the Passes or orders given to the naval coal vessels to furnish our transports. I will be in New Orleans to-morrow.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 15, 1865.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF LOUISIANA:

SIR: I have the honor to state that a part of the records of the State of Louisiana and have been received from Shreveport and to suggest that the proper officer of the State government be sent to this office for the purpose of verifying the inventories and receipting for the property.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

E. R. C. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 87. New Orleans, La., June 15, 1865.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as composing the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Brigadier General George L. Andrews, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel C. T. Christensen, assistant adjutant-general; Major R. Des Anges, assistant adjutant-general; Major Alfred Fredberg, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. Lovell, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. C. Stone, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Chuyler Crosby (aide-de-camp), acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant G. W. Lyon (adjutant First Louisiana Cavalry), acting assistant adjutant-general; Second Lieutenant George L. Wilburg, First New Orleans Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel John M. Wilson, assistant inspector-general; Captain James G. Patton, Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general; Major De Witt Clinton,

