
judge-advocate; Colonel S. B. Holabird (additional aide-de-camp). chief quartermaster; Colonel E. G. Beckwith (additional aide-de-camp), chief commissary of subsistence ; Surg. R. H. Alexander, U. S. Army, medical director; Bvt. Major M. D. McAlester, Corps of Engineers, chief engineer; Captain C. J. Walker, Second U. S. Cavalry, inspector of cavalry; Colonel F. A. Starring, Seventy-second Illinois Volunteer, provost-marshal-general; Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer; Captain C. T. Barrett, aide-de-camp; Captain Edward R. Ames, Seventh U. S. Infantry, acting aide-de-camp. All officers attached to the headquarters of the late Military Division of West Mississippi, or of the late Department of the Gulf, not enumerated above, will, after having turned over to the proper officers all records and other public property in their possession, if belonging to the regular staff of the army, report by letter to the chiefs of their respective departments, if belonging to regimental organizations, report in person at the headquarters of their respective regiments; those who belong to the volunteer staff of the army will proceed to their respective places of residence, and from there report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army, in accordance with War Department General Orders, Numbers 106, current series.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 159. New Orleans, La., June 15, 1865.

* * * * *

2,. It is hereby ordered that the siege train be discontinued, and that the following dispositions of the troops and public property thereunto belonging be carried into effect at once:

First. The company commanders of the various siege batteries will immediately upon receipt of this order turn over to Captain W. S. Beebe, depot ordnance officer at Mobile, all ordnance and ordnance stores except infantry arms and equipments, which may be in their possession, and will likewise turn over all public animals and means of transportation to Captain Timothy Owen, acting assistant quartermaster at Mobile, Ala.

Second. Colonel B. F. Hays, commanding First Indiana Heavy Artillery, with his regimental headquarters, and Companies H and K of his command, will take post at Fort Gaines, Ala. Major J. W. Connelly, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, with Companies B and C of said regiment, will take post at Fort Morgan, reporting to the commanding officer there on his arrival for assignment to duty. Major John W. Day, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, accompanies by Major Isaac C. Hendricks, and Companies F, I, L, and M, same regiment, will proceed to Barrancas, Fla., and on his arrival there will report to the officer commanding at Pensacola Harbor for assignment to duty at Fort Pickens and Barrancas; Major Day, with Companies F and L, to take post at Barrancas, and Major Hendricks, with Companies I and M, to take post at Fort Pickens.

Third. The command officer Eighteenth New York Battery, after he shall have turned over the public property in his possession, as required by the first paragraph of this order, will proceed to New Orleans, La., with his command, and on his arrival report to these headquarters for further orders.

