HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, Ark., June 15, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of the order of Lieutenant-General Buckner relative to paroling the troops of this district, together with my circular in accordance therewith attached. You may see, general, that I have adopted the time and places agreed upon by yourself and Brigadier-General Dockery for the purpose of paroling all Confederate troops under my command. All the means in my power will be put in use to give general circulation to these orders, and every effort will be made to carry out in good faith the agreement made between Generals Canby and Smith for the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Department. In a meeting at Shreveport with General Buckner, C. S. Army, and General Herron, U. S. Army, it was decided that as commanding officer of the District of Arkansas I should return to this, formerly the place of my headquarters, and direct on the part of the Confederate States the paroling of the troops. The forces formerly of my command being within Your district, I have taken this method of informing You of the steps taken at Shreveport and by myself at this place.

Hoping all may be satisfactory to You, I am, general, Your obedient servant,

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS AND WEST LOUISIANA, Numbers -. Shreveport, June 8, 1865.

Major General J. F. Fagan, Provisional Armies, C. S., is hereby relieved from duty at this post. he will proceed to Washington, Ark., for the purpose of directing the parole of the troops in the Sub-District of Arkansas.

By command of Lieutenant-General Buckner:

WM. C. C. CLAIBORNE, JR.,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Washington, [Ark.,] June 14, 1865.

The undersigned having, in accordance with Special Orders, No. -, dated headquarters District of Arkansas and West Louis, June 8, 1865, assumed the duty mentioned in the same, all Confederate officers and soldiers in the southern counties of Arkansas who have not heretofore been paroled will assemble at the time, in the manner, and at one of the points mentioned in the circular of Brigadier-General Dockery, Provisional Army, C. S. (given below), as agreed upon between Major-General Reynolds, U. S. Army, and himself, to give their paroles in accordance with the terms of the military convention entered into on the 25th day of May, 1865, between General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, and major-General Canby, U. S. Army, by which the Trans-Mississippi Department with all the troops and Confederate property therein, was surrendered to the United States. A Confederate officer will be at each of those points to assist the officer or officers designated by the U. S. authorities for this duty.

J. F. FAGAN,

Major-General.

