
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. RESERVE FORCES, STATE OF ARKANSAS,South of Little Rock, June 3, 1865.

To the OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF RESERVE FORCES OF THE STATE OF ARKANSAS:

It becomes my duty to inform You that I have been furnished by Major-General Reynolds, U. S. Army, with an official copy of the terms of the military convention entered into on the 25th [26th] day of May, 1865, at New Orleans, between General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, and Major-General Canby, U. S. Army, by which the Trans- Mississippi Department, with all the troops and Confederate property therein, was surrendered to the United States. The conditions are similar to those agreed upon by Generals Lee and Grant. All private property to be respected, including private horses of mounted men. In accordance with an agreement between Major-General Reynolds and myself Monticello, Washington, and Camden are designated as the points at which the troops of this command, together with all other Confederate officers and soldiers in the southern counties of Arkansas not heretofore paroled, will assemble on the 20th of this month to give their paroles. The commanding of the above-named places at the time specified, taking with them their arms. I am pursued by Major-General Reynolds, commanding Department of Arkansas, that all hostilities will cease and persons and property protected, and it is furthermore urged upon the people to pursue their peaceful occupations and to abstain from all acts of hostility, lawlessness and retaliation. By the memories of the past and the hopes of the future I beg of You to acquiesce quietly and in good faith in the terms of surrender. You have from me every guarantee that nothing but what is proper and honorable would be advised.

TOM P. DOCKERY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 15, 1865.

Honorable THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor State of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.:

GOVERNOR: Captain Putnam, commanding U. S. forces at Sedalia, having, in positive violation of general orders prohibiting officers and soldiers in the service of the United States from interfering in any manner in the civil affairs of this State, forcibly ejected the old clerk of Pettis County and installed the new clerk by the use of armed forces of the United States, I have directed General Dodge to arrest and try him and to re-establish the condition of things as it existed before the unauthorized and improper act of Captain Putnam. My only object in giving this order is to enforce non-interference of the military forces of the United State in vital questions which arise in the State of Missouri. A loyal State Executive and a loyal majority of over 40,000 voters, with all the machinery of a State government in operations, sustained by an organized and armed militia force, under the exclusive control of the Governor, render it not only unnecessary but in every respect improper and injurious to the supremacy of civil law in Missouri and to the best intercepts of its people to permit U. S. military officers or soldier to interfere in any manner with the civil officers or the administration of civil; affairs in the State. The questions at

