
issue under the vacating ordinance of the late constitutional convention are purely legal questions arising among citizens of the State of Missouri. Over such questions the military authorities of the United States have no jurisdiction and no right either to judge of the merits of such questions or interfere in their settlement. The Executive and civil officers of the State are abundantly able to enforce the laws by their own civil machinery, and interference on the part of the military forces of the United States is not illegal but destructive to constitutional liberty and the best interests of the people. As You inform me that You neither authorized the act of Captain Putnam nor knew that he had done it, I feel bound to repair the wrong he has committed by requiring him to replace matters precisely as he found them. My course in this matter in no manner assumes to express an opinion upon the merits of the question at issue, but is simply designed to right the wrong committed by an officer under my command and to repress for the future any sort of interference in Your civil affairs by the U. S. forces in this department.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

JULESBURG, June 15, 1865. (Received 9. 50 p. m.)

Major-General DODGE:

I ordered the Indians who surrendered at Laramie to be sent to Kearny. Colonel Moonlight sent them without first dismounting them, under charge of two companies of Seventh Iowa Cavalry. They revolved sixty miles this side of Laramie, killing Captain Fouts, who was in command, and four soldiers, and wounding seven; also killed four of their own chiefs who refused to join them; fifteen Indians were killed. Indians fled north with their ponies, women, and children, leaving all their camp equipage. Troops are in pursuit. Mail stages have stopped west of Camp Collins. Everything appears to work unfavorably owing to failure of corn contractors and incompetency of some of my subordinates. I will overcome all obstacles, however, in a short time. Have You sent me any cavalry yet? J. D. Doty, Governor of Utah, was buried at Camp Douglas Cemetery this morning. Died of heart disease.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 15, 1865 - 10. 35 a. m.

Honorable JAMES R. DOOLITTLE,

U. S. Senator, Fort Lyon:

Your telegram to the President dated the 11th of this month reached here last night. In answer to Your telegram of the 27th of May I answered, by direction of the President, on the 29th of May, addressed to You at Fort Riley, and also at Fort Lyon, and also to the care of the commanding officer of the district, as follows. * To Your telegram

---------------

* See Stanton to Doolittle, May 29, p. 669.

---------------

