
received last night, the President directs me to make the same answer, which gives to You and Your associates all the authority You ask:

Your dispatch of the 17th to the President asking authority to make peace with the hostile Indians has been received and considered by the President, who directs me to say that he authorized Your commission to make peace if You can with the hostile Indians, the treaty to be subject to his approval. Please acknowledge receipt of this telegram.

It is the anxious desire of the President and of this Department to avoid Indian hostilities and establish peaceable relations between the Government and the Indian tribes You may visit or have intercourse with, and to that end the President empowers You as special commissioners from him to make such treaties and arrangements, subject to his approval, as in Your judgment may suspend hostilities and establish peace with the Indians, and afford security to our citizens, settlements, and travelers on the frontier.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., June 15, 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

SIR: I would respectfully state that last night a number of Navajo Indians (including the chiefs Ganado Blanco and Barboncito) left this reservation. This a. m. I sent Major Fritz and Captain Fox, First California Cavalry, with all the available cavalry (forty-four men) at the post to intercept and bring back these renegades. On the 13th instant, learning that some Navajoes has removed their horses, &amp;c., to the Salado, northwest from here about thirty miles, I then sent Captain Gorham with ten men First California Cavalry to bring them in. This party has not been heard from since. A report is in circulation this morning that Captain Gorham and party had been attacked, but it is not credited. I send this by special express in order that the department may be enabled to intercept the runaways before crossing the Rio Grande. It is reported that they intend going to the Chusca Valley, having declared that the Government has no right to continue to restrain them on this reservation. I would add that Delgadito, Manuelito, and other chiefs have given earliest information regarding this matter and declare their intention of standing by the Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

WM. McCLEAVE,

Major, First California Cavalry, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 18, 1865 - 3. 30 p. m.

Captain WOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Send a copy of this letter to each commander on the river below this point and to Fort Wingate, and direct that they be on the alert and intercept and endeavor their utmost to capture or destroy this party wherever it may be. The people who own flocks and herds will be given immediate notice to have their herds brought in and carefully guarded until this matter is cleared up or adjusted. Send by special express to-day.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

