
FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., April 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Brigadier-General Bussey informs me that 100 rebel Missourians, well mounted, crossed the Arkansas near Clarksville day before yesterday, going north. I think their destination is North Missouri.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, April 1, 1865.

Brevet Major-General FISK:

The Liberty Tribune says that W. T. Reynolds was shot by an unknown man dressed in soldier's clothes. James M. Jones, of Liberty, says that it was by person in soldier's uniform, supposed to be one of Captain Hunter's company in Missouri State Militia, who left for Weston March 31 to be mustered out. James Leopole, Armstrong, and Reed all write me that there are guerrillas in the country, and that if McMillan's and Younger's parts of companies are not ordered on duty many Union men will leave Clay County. Please tell me what to say to them. The messenger will wait a few hours.

W. R. PENICK,

Brigadier-General.

HAMILTON, April 1, 1865.

General FISK:

It is reliably reported that Thrailkill and Gordon crossed up west of Warrensburg, Mo., and at this time they are reported in Clay County, 150 strong. My force numbers sixty-five recruited men of Missouri Militia. Shall I delay until I get more men?

CLAYTON TIFFIN,

Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Macon, Mo., April 1, 1865.

General ISAAC V. PRATT,

Chillicothe, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your favors (two) of the 31st ultimo, and would say that Captain Herrick has been considered a sort of provisional commander of the troops in Colonel Shanklin's sub-district since the 12th ultimo. Strictly speaking, you cannot command any of the troops that are in the U. S. service, unless upon the request of the department commander you are ordered into active service for that specific duty. The Missouri Militia officers (general) are now on duty as enrolling and organizing officer only, and cannot command any of the troops in service. I have most earnestly recommended to both the national and State authorities that an immediate dissolution of their military co-partnership in North Missouri be made, and that the governor take my district into his own hands and care for it with militia officers and men exclusively. I think that the best plan, and shall urge it until something of that kind is done. I will send a volunteer officer to Chillicothe to take command of the few troops in service. Captain Herrick will be relieved early in the coming week. I want to organize a good company of volunteer

