HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, June 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: There is nothing of special importance to report in regard to this command, but I have thought a general statement of the condition of affairs might prove interesting. All the troops have been paroled at Alexandria, Natchitoches, and this place and sent off, and the artillery, small-arms and ammunition shipped to Baton Rouge. This work was pushed with great rapidity, that he large boats sent up with troops might go back loaded. We have received little or northing in the way of quartermaster's and commissary stores from the rebel authorities, there having been a general pillage and destruction of property from the time it was known that General Buckner had gone to New Orleans until our arrival. The Texas troops did most of this destruction, and carried off large amounts of property into Texas. General Buckner and some other officers did all in their power to aid me in getting matters in shape, but a number of officers who have been thieving largely have gone to Mexico. I find a general disposition on the part of citizens to aid me in restoring order and quiet. The scenes of the past two weeks, during which they have suffered everything at the hands of their own troops, have satisfied them with the rebel Government, and now they only want to know what our orders are. The greatest difficulty have is with the negro population. This section of country, not having been disturbed before, is filled with them, and within a few days after our arrival there was a combined movement of the blacks to the military posts. Prompt action was necessary, and I issued an order compelling them for the present to remain at home. This will prevent the scattering and demoralization of the hands and the ruin of the present crop. On the arrival of the agent of the Freedman's Bureau the contracts for their wages can be fixed and other details settled. At the same time I will look after the interests of the blacks until the agent arrives and see that they are not oppressed. Large corps of corn are in this season, and but little cotton. As a general thing the people are very poor, but I have given them to understand that they must support themselves. The posts at Monroe and Camden are established, and all is quiet on the Washita. I sent a regiment of infantry and two squadrons of cavalry w days since.

Very respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,New Orleans, June 26, 1865.

Official copy furnished Major General J. J. Reynolds for his information. By order of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 114. Shreveport, La., June 16, 1865.

I. A detachment of troops from Major-General Pope's command having arrived at Camden, Ark., for the purpose of garrisoning that

