
oughly posted on all matters relating to the troubles on the plains and in Utah that his removal, for the present, would be likely to throw things into confusion and be very injurious to the public interests.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock., Ark., June 16, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday is received. The questions propounded are partly answered in my communication of 13th instant addressed to Captain J. McC. Bell, assistant adjutant-general, and which must before this have reached You. I forward copies of two communications from Captain Hodges, who was sent to Yellsville as directed in Your telegram of May 29. One of these papers represents what I regard as an extreme case. The occurrences in that neighborhood had been previously reported through the commanding officer at Lewisburg, and steps had already been taken in regard to them. That region of country has therefore been under rebel rule almost entirely. I recognized the present State government as legally existing, and encourage it in every way possible. The Governor is making appointments of county officers wherever vacancies exist as fast as he can satisfy himself with regard to the fitness of the appointees. I invite information on this point from the military commanders and furnish it to the Governor to aid him in his selections. This procedure is in accordance with the constitution of the State. The system seems to be having good effect, and it is generally acquiesced in through out the State so far as heard from. I have sent transportation to Washington, Ark., for the State archives, and Governor Flanagin has requested permission to come in and deliver them up in person, which was granted. He holds himself ready to answer any call from the President or any U. S. authority, and I have informally sent him word that he can return to his home (Arkadelphia), after turning over the State archives, until called for. People are returning to their homes in every direction, and thus far I see no reason to anticipate any serious trouble in pacificating the State. I insist upon the people returning to their homes now and dropping their neighborhood guerillas at once, and caution them that they will not be permitted to take the law into their own hands, but must bring in offenders and have them regularly tried and punished. Some troubles and disturbances we must expect, but so far we have no reason to apprehend anything very serious. In addition to former garre stationed at Batesville, Jacksonport, Searcy, and Augusta, north of the Arkansas River, also at Camden and Washington, and temporarily at Warren and Monticello, south of that river. Am making arrangements to-day to send a commissioner to Fort Towson to parole the Indians, if any of them can be found embodied, and to receive the C. S. property in the Indian Territory. I forward four papers from Major-General Sheridan. The destitution of the people in many parts of the State is very great. We are relieving them as far as we can. Am sending to-day provisions to Hot Spring County. The wheat crop will soon be gathered and afford relief in most cases.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

