HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 16, 1865.

Captain WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

Send Thirteenth Missouri to Fort Riley. Have Colonel Potter pick up some horses some place for them. The Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry have some extra horses; get them. If You cannot, send them without.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Larned, June 16, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that no Indians have made their appearance in the vicinity of this post since Sunday last, although a party of seven of the Second Colorado Cavalry left Fort Zarah Wednesday morning with dispatches for this and posts west who were driven back after they had proceeded about twelve miles out. Three Indians, out of the party of eighteen, were reported badly wounded and one of the messengers slightly. A full report of this affair will probably be made to You from Fort Zarah by the commanding officer of that post. The coach left this place for Fort Lyon on the 14th instant with forty-seven men and one howitzer as escort, with instructions to go through to Lyon if the exigencies of the service should require it, Major Armstrong, commanding at Fort Dodge, to decide upon the necessity of the escort sent from here going farther. A train for New Mexico of 145 wagons left here on the 6th instant, with one company of First New Mexico Infantry as escort, and another train of 250 wagons will leave this post for the west to-morrow morning, with an escort of two companies of the First New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry (dismounted), leaving one company of fifty men of the First California Cavalry yet here to escort the next train out. Every man on duty at this post is employed daily, either as picket, furnish five men no on actual duty. Safety of the public property demands an additional number of troops at this post, and I would respectfully urge that at least two companies of infantry be sent here, if that number can be possibly spared from any source.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 18. Fort Riley, Kans., June 16, 1865.

1. At his own request, Lieutenant John E. Tappan, Second Colorado Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters as acting assistant adjutant-general. In parting with Lieutenant Tappan the undersigned desires to thank him for the faithful and efficient manner in which he has at all times performed the difficult and arduous [duties] of his office.

2. Lieutenant Robert S. Roe, Second Colorado Cavalry, is announced as acting assistant adjutant-general District of the Upper Arkansas. All communications will be addressed to him accordingly.

JAMES H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

