HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., April 13, 1865.

Brigadier General D. M. DRAPER,

Commanding at Mexico, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that information has reached both these and department headquarters to the effect that the troops now stationed at Sturgeon, Mo., are committing all kinds of depredations in the vicinity of that post (burning houses and stealing money), and to direct that you take immediate steps to arrest and bring to punishment the guilty parties. This paper to be returned with your report as to the correctness of the charges and your action indorsed thereon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, Jr.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, April 13, 1865 - 2. 30 p. m.

General DODGE:

I returned last evening late from my trip. I went south as far as Eureka, near the south border of Kansas. I have adjusted several cattle claims, and one or two remain open for investigation here. As soon as possible I shall report my doings to Colonel Baker, as per order. I cannot think that the Indian furore has any good foundation. I was at Eureka yesterday a week, and then no one but a pretended scout of General Blunt's who had not been out, and Lieutenant Beam, of the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, surmised anything of Stand Watie coming. From what I gleaned them I thought the surmise of the scout in question an interested [one]. I turned out to Humboldt, seventy or eighty miles from Eureka, and there the news of a certain premeditated raid followed me in a day and a half, sent by an officer who had just assumed command at Eureka. I cannot credit the exciting report from what I learned south.

Respectfully,

H. H. HEATH,

Major, &amp;c.

FORT RILEY, April 13, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 12th instant received. My cavalry is now concentrating at Fort Zarah. I am ready to move either to the assistance of Colonel Blair or against the Indians, as you may direct, at a moment's notice. I am having the country thoroughly scouted along and below the line of the Indian Territory. I send by to-day's mail report of Lieutenant Wise, commanding scout. * If anything of importance transpires I will notify by telegraph.

J. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 36. New Orleans, La., April 14, 1865.

I. Pursuant to instructions from the Secretary of War, a salute of 200 guns will be fired in the city of New Orleans to celebrate the sur-

* See Wise to Tappan, April 12, p. 84.

