
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 1. Galveston, Tex., June 17, 1865.

I. Pursuant to orders from the headquarters Military Division of the Southwest, dated New Orleans, June 13, 1865, the undersigned assumes command of all troops within the State of Texas.

II. No passes or permits will be organized on the coast of Texas except by authority from headquarters Military Division of the South west or from these headquarters.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, June 17, 1865-10. 45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Colonel Otto Funke, commanding at Grenada, telegraphs this morning that he is ordered by General Roberts, at Memphis, to return to Memphis with his command, 250 men, and that 100 men of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry will take his place at Grenada. Colonel Funke considers this detail utterly insufficiently, and asks for instructions how to act. As I have no positive authority over these Memphis troops, I present the matter to You for the direction of the general commanding. The Sub-District of Northwest Mississippi is without troops; in want of everything-in chaotic state. General Morgan L. Smith has resigned, and I shall therefore send General Maltby to take command in that important section as soon as necessary arrangements can be perfected to supply troops there. I propose to send two or three regiments of infantry to garrison Grenada, Panola, Senatobia, and Oxford. Please answer soon.

P. JOS. Osterhaus,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 17, 1865.

Brigadier General M. L. SMITH,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

Major-General Osterhaus orders that so much of General Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from these headquarters, as assigns You to command be suspended for the present, and that after General Davidson's assumption of command You will await further orders at Vicksburg, as he will meet General Canby there probably to-morrow or next day.

Very respectfully,

J. WARREN MILLER.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, June 17, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Upon arrival here I found that the regiments of cavalry designated in Your dispatch, excepting the Fifth Illinois, have, by direction of General Forsyth, shipped without being refitted. The Fifth Illinois Cavalry [can] be put in good condition by time transportation is ready, as the cavalry remaining here report over 1,800 serviceable horses.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.

