
against the Government. It is possible that in a few of the tribes there are some chiefs and warriors who desire to be friendly, but each day reduces the number of these, and they even are used by the hostile tribes to deceive us as to their intentions and keep us quiet. The Crows and Snakes appear to be friendly, but everything indicates that they too are ready to join in the hostilities, and the latter (the Snakes) are accused of being concerned in the depredations west of the mountains. In my opinion there is but one way to effectually terminate these Indian troubles, viz, to push our cavalry into the heart of their country from all directions, to punish them whenever and wherever we find them, and force them to respect our power and to sue for peace. Then let the military authorities make informal treaties with them for a cessation of hostilities. This we can accomplish successfully, for the Indians will treat with soldiers, as they fear them, and have confidence in their word. Any treaty made now be civilians, Indian agents, or others will, in my opinion, amount to nothing, as the Indians in all the tribes openly express dissatisfaction with them and contempt for them. The friendly Indians say that whenever the hostile bands are made aware of our ability and determination to whip them they will readily and in good faith treat with our officers and comply with any demands we may make. If we can keep citizen agents and traders from among them we can, I am confident, settle the matte this season, and when settled I am clearly of the opinion that these Indians should be dealt with entirely by competent commissioned officers of the Army, whom they will respect and who will not only have the power to make them comply with the terms of the agreements made but will also have the power and authority to compel troops, citizens, and others to respect implicitly and to comply strictly with the obligations assumed on our part. The cavalry now moving into the Indian doubt not, if allowed to proceed and carry out the instructions given them, accomplish the object designed by bringing about an effectual peace and permanent settlement of our Indian difficulties.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Jefferson City, Mo., June 17, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: There have ben seventy-four companies authorized under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from these headquarters and the extensions thereof, of which number forty-seventh companies have been commissioned and are now in service. The General Assembly at its last session made no provision for their payment and it seems to be very hard that they should be held to service for such a length of time without some present remuneration, whereas they are now compelled to await future legislative action. In view of the restoration of peace and the consequent unemployment elsewhere of many U. S. troops who have not been designated for muster out by the War Department, cannot these companies be relieved and their places supplied by U. S. troops? An early expression of Your views in the matter is earnestly requested.

I remain, general, You very obedient servant,

THO. C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri.

