
comes, as Mr. Doolittle will wish to see them all. Keep on planting until it is too late to plant beans. Get in every hill of food possible. From floods, insects, grasshoppers, and hail there is danger of a famine in the country. It will be well to let the Navajoes know that large parties of citizens are in pursuit of the Navajoes who-would not come in from their old country. Many of the latter have already been killed. Their corps will be destroyed and they will be exterminated unless they come in. This information may put those who may have wished to leave the Bosque out of that notion.

In haste, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 17, 1865.

Major WILLIAM McCLEAVE,

Commanding at Fort Sumner, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: You have already been informed that Captain John B. Shinn, U. S. Army, was ordered on the 26th of May to take a party and go to the head of the Rio Salado after some Navajo Indians reported to be in that portion of country by Captain Fritz, of Your regiment. Captain Shinn reports that he could not reach the head of the Rio Salado, on account of natural difficulties not well to be oversome, but that from what he could learn that point could be reached readily from the Bosque. The general commanding therefore directs that You send out a sufficient party to the head of the Salado and have this whole matter thoroughly investigated by the time he reaches Fort Sumner, which will be soon.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 27. Milwaukee, Wis., June 17, 1865.

In pursuance of orders from the War Department, and from Major-General Pope, commanding Military Division of the Missouri, all volunteer organizations of white troops in this department whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, will be immediately mustered out of service. The muster out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, War Department Adjutant-General's Office, May 15, 1865. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State, to veteran regiments, or to regiments having the longest time to serve. This order will discharge as follows:

First. The three-years' regiments mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1 of that year.

Second. Three-years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates.

Third. One-years' men for new and old organizations who entered the service prior to October 1, 1864.

