
All troops coming under the provisions of this order will be forthwith discharged, except those who are at remote stations upon the Indian frontier or who are engaged in active operations against Indians.

District commanders will immediately report to these headquarters their action, and especially what transfer of troops seem expedient under this order within their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST INDIAN EXPEDITION,Camp Numbers 14, June 17 [27], 1865.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST:

SIR: I inclose You a communication received from Fort Rice. I would recommend that I be authorized to make some suitable presents to the Indians who assist the colonel. I reached here yesterday at the camp just below Farm Island. I made the trip in a light wagon with three person in all. When I first came into this country I would not have run the risk. Now two or three white men think nothing of traveling all the way to Fort Rice. Such a thing has never been done with impunity in this country before this last year. I mention this to show the great improvement in Indian affairs. I found the grass excellent until after I crossed Crow Creek. It then became worse, and here there, is comparatively speaking, none. I never saw it worse, and here there is, comparatively speaking, none. I never saw it worse, and I fear there will be difficulty in securing sufficient hay for winter. The Indians who were waiting here to see me have all left. They stated they were going to Long Lake to hunt buffalo, and wished word be sent them when I came. This was done, but they were not found. It is supposed they have gone toward the James and Fort Wadsworth. The commanding officer thinks there must have been at least 3,000 warriors that have been in to see me at different times, part so fall the different Western bands, nearly all of them the same Indians who made peace with me last year. They have kept their word faithfully and expressed a determination to continue to do so. I regret very much I cold not have met the Indians here. We are still in hopes they will be in before I leave here. I can give You no positive Indian news on this account. I think I shall cross the river here and march to Fort Rice, on the west side of the river. I don't know exactly what I shall do until I get further information, but I will decide as soon as the last of my traand we are all ready to move.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITES STATES,Washington, D. C., June 18, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

New Orleans, La.

No orders affecting policy to be pursued on the Rio Grande are to be observed, except they come from the President, Secretary of War or military commander authorized to issue orders there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

