SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 13. New Orleans, La., June 18, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Major General George A. Custer, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the following-named regiments, and the commanding officers of said regiments will report their respective commands to him on their arrival at Alexandria, La.: Seventh Indiana Cavalry, First Iowa Cavalry, Fifth Illinois Cavalry, Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, Second Wisconsin Cavalry.

3. The commanding officer of the Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry will at once report with his command to Major-General Merritt, chief of cavalry of this division, at Shreveport, La.

4. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 8, current series, from these headquarters, as directs the Second New Jersey Cavalry, to report to Major-General Merritt, chief of cavalry, is hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

E. B. PARSONS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 162. New Orleans, La., June 18, 1865.

* * * * *

11. The general labor of the adjutant-general's office will be distributed as equally as possible, but the following assignments of special duties are made: Lieutenant Colonel C. T. Christensen, general supervision, charge of all civil matters excepting claims; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. Schuyler Crosby, charge of military matters relating to the District of Louisiana; Major R. Des Anges, charge of military matters relating to the District of Mississippi; Major Alfred Fredberg, charge of military matters relating to the District of Alabama; Captain J. Lovell, charge of military matters relating to the District of Florida; Captain J. C. Stone, charge of receiving communications and distributing the same to the respective officers, answering routine questions presented by officers calling at headquarters; First Lieutenant George W. Lyon, charge of claims; Second Lieutenant G. L. Wilbur, charge of general and special orders, and of distributing all matter leaving the office. Officers having charge of military matters relating to a certain district are required to make themselves perfectly familiar with everything relating to that district such as the number and character of troops; where stationed; commanding officers; term of service unexpired; condition as shown by inspection reports, &amp;c. ; means of transportation; supplies required; how armed; the location and condition of telegraph lines, railroads, and other means of communication; the condition of the country occupied; the depots from which and the routes by which the troops are supplied; the quantity and character of supplies that can be best obtained in the country; the geography of the district, &c. This information to be gathered from reports and returns, and any other information that may be required by the commanding general, to be obtained and furnished promptly.

12. Captain G. L. Heaton, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in this city, and will, after having turned over to the proper officer a other public property for which he is responsible, report to Major General P. J. Osterhaus, commanding District of Mississippi. Before so reporting he is granted a leave of absence for thirty days.

