
13. Major J. W. Connelly, First Indiana Heavy Artillery, is hereby relieved from duty in the District of South Alabama, and is assigned to take charge of ordnance affairs at Marshall, Tex., and Shreveport, and receive detailed instructions from the depot ordnance officer.

By order of Major General R. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., June 18, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: For the information of the commanding general of the department I have the honor to report that the Eleventh Illinois Infantry and the Twenty-first Iowa Infantry, stationed at Alexandria and Natchitoches, La., respectively, have been relieved and ordered to Baton Ruge, La., to be mustered out. They have been replaced by the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry, at Alexandria, and the Forty-sixth Illinois Veteran Infantry, at Natchitoches. The regiments relieved were ordered to Baton Rouge for the reason that the assistant commissary of musters of the First Division, Thirteenth Corps, could not be spared to muster them out at the posts where stationed. In addition to this the Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry and the Ninety-ninth Illinois Infantry have been directed to prepare their rolls, and will be mustered out here in a few days. Each of the four regiments above named comes under the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 64, current series, from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi. I have sent the Eighth Illinois Infantry to Marshall, Tex., to garrison that place. These dispositions leave me the Forty-seventh Indiana Veteran Infantry at this post, besides the cavalry. The country, however, is quiet, and small garrisons, especially of infantry, are preferable to large. Colonel S. H. Dickey, Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, stationed at Monroe, La., reports the arrival of a regiment from Major-General Reynolds' command at Camden, Ark., and I have directed him to withdraw the detachment of his regiment stationed at the latter place to Monroe. This will give a stronger garrisons at that point and will enable Colonel Dickey to keep the country in his vicinity quiet. I am using the cavalry through the country to quiet the negroes and disperse guerrillas. The people are generally disposed to be peaceable and to submit quietly to the new order of things.

I have the honor to be, Your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 18, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. MALTBY,

Commanding Sub-District of Northwest Mississippi:

GENERAL: On Your arrival at Grenada You will immediately ascertain the number and location of the troops in Your sub-district and forward to these headquarters a full report of the same. The troops which will hereafter join Your command will be mostly or exclusively

