
infantry, and You will distribute them along the railroad and thus insure a speedy concentrating in case of necessity, reserving a part of Your force at Grenada. The stations at Panola, on the Memphis, and Oxford, on the La Grange railroad, are to be garrisoned with detachments, and such other points along the railroad as will appear necessary in order to secure this means of communication. The cavalry may be stationed at points off the railroad where important roads converge or cross each other, from which places the surrounding country can easily be protected. No interference with civil disputes among the citizens and no search after U. S. (late C. S.) property must be the rules, from which You will not deviate except in cases where the Government is interested or the community liable to suffer from the left, trespasses, &amp;c. Give all assistance to citizens who are willing to resume their old pursuits; and questions between the blacks and whites must be settled with a view to induce the former to remain at their old homes whenever their former masters recognize their freedom and pay them for their labor. At the same time the negro must be protected against any outrages on the part of their old masters. The latter must accept the changed condition of their laborers and prepare to work their plantations hereafter on a basis of mutual agreement with their laborers. Vagrancy among the negroes must not be suffered. All must work. The issue of rations to destitute persons must be closely watched and the Government protected against reckless and swindling practices. All whites and blacks who with the proper will are able to make their own living must not be habitually fed by the Government.

You will cause all public records of the State of Mississippi or of the so-called Confederate States to be collected and securely stored at some convenient place. Collectors of the "tax in kind" will be required to exhibit their accounts (which will be rigidly examined), and all provisions in their possession belonging to their Government will be turned over to the commissary department for issue to destitutes.

By command of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 18, 1865.

Colonel HUGH CAMERON,

Commanding at Holly Springs:

The assembly of the Legislature at Jackson having been prohibited in May, and Governor Clark having been arrested, it is hardly supposed that there will be any attempt to hold an election under their call. If You find it necessary, forbid polls to be opened to-morrow within Your command, but irritate the public mind as little as possible.

By order of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, DEPT. OF ARKANSAS,Camden, Ark., June 18, 1865.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

COLONEL: I send You a dispatch to-day, to be telegraphed from Pine Bluff, containing the most important information I have in regard to

