
render of the Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by General R. E. Lee, to the Armies of the United States, under command of Lieutenant-General Grant. Such salute will be fired at noon of the 15th instant on Lafayette Square, under the superintendence of Captain Webster, chief of artillery. The same salute will be fired at the same time at every post provided with artillery, in telegraphic communication with these headquarters, and at all others at noon of the day of the receipt of this order.

II. The salute hereby ordered will also fitly celebrate the capture of Spanish Fort and Blakely, and the occupation of Mobile by our more immediate brethren in arms under the command of Major General E. R. S. Canby.

III. The major-general commanding requests all persons, civil and military, in this department to assemble at their various places of worship on Easter Sunday next (16th), and on that day, which commemorates a risen Saviour, to return thanks to the God of Nations for the great favors vouchsafed to our country and for the bright prospects of solid and enduring peace.

IV. The major-general commanding recommends to the citizens of New Orleans such demonstrations as they may feel are appropriate to this great event, and will cordially co-operate with them in fitting ceremonies for this auspicious occasion.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., April 14, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit for your information the following extracts from the daily report from this office, dated April 14, 1865: J. D. Mathews and P. D. Mathews and P. D. Weatherford, of Captain R. C. Slaughter's engineer company, left Alexandria on the 6th instant. The company numbers eighty men. Lieutenant Seay is with it. Lieutenant Wells detached at Shreveport. The company was at work on the fortifications, but they heard since leaving that they were ordered to Natchitoches. Lieutenant Buhlow is the best engineer engaged on the forts. Captain Randolph is chief engineer. The upper fort is named Buhlow, the lower Randolph. The troops in Alexandria are Colonel Capers' Third Louisiana Cavalry, of Harrison's brigade, the Seventeenth Louisiana Infantry, and a battalion of heavy artillery, including Captain Mason's company of Cook's Texas Heavy Artillery, which came from Galveston with heavy guns. There are two batteries of light artillery, one four the other twelve miles below Alexandria. The rest of Thomas' command are in camp twenty miles above Alexandria, on Bayou Cotile. They are fortifying at Grand Ecore. Forney's division left Shreveport for Houston about March 10 with four brigades, the fourth having been organized for General King by taking one Regiment from each brigade. The division was then increased by dismounting Parsons' brigade of Texas cavalry and assigning one Regiment of it to each brigade. The division has now about 7,500 in all, or about 6,000 effectives. There is now Texas cavalry in Louisiana. Churchill's division has also gone

