
river, &amp;c. The Ninth Wisconsin arrived some days since. The Lotus, which brought a portion of the regiment, brought also over 600 sacks of corn, every pound of which was spoiled and totally unfit for use. Captain Henry, assistant quartermaster, informed me before I left Little Rock that a party had been ordered to the Saline River for the purpose of putting a bridge across that stream. It took it for granted that such was the fact, but as yet nothing has been done. If were to depend to any great extent upon Pine Bluff for our supplies it will be important to bridge the Saline, as it takes but little rain to make that stream unfordable and all the ferry-boats have been destroyed. If we had any tools with which to do such work I would have had a party at work there before this. The Eighth Missouri Cavalry have completed a very respectable pontoon bridge across the Washita at this point. The Washita is in good boating condition to this point, and I have no doubt will remain so for two or three weeks, as the heavy rains continue. I find that the artillery and ammunition left here by the rebels has been destroyed to a considerable extent, guns dismounted, carriages broken and burned, &c. Will have it collected and cared for as soon as possible. Have no teams to do such work with as yet. Deputy Marshal Hill tells me that he has informed You of his operations thus far. As soon as our trains get here we will give him all the assistance possible. The troops are conducting themselves in the best possible manner, and all citizens express not only astonishment but much gratification as the manner in which they are treated. I have not yet found it necessary to issue rations to any citizens, but have no doubt will have to do so soon in a few cases. From all I can learn there will be a very respectable number of rebels in on the 20th to be paroled. Brigadier-General Hawthorn (rebel), whose family resides here, is about making an application (supported by certificates of citizens) for permission to take the amnesty oath. He appears to be quite anxious on the subject. "Thinking is working. "

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STATE OF MISSOURI, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

City of Jefferson, June 18, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of Your favor of the 15th instant. I quite agree with You that the military authorities of the United States have no jurisdiction over the questions growing out of the ordinance of the State convention vacating certain offices in this State. For Your information as to the condition of affairs in Pettis County, I herewith inclose a copy of the letter of Mr. Bassett to myself, dated yesterday. *

Very respectfully, yours,

THO. C. FLETCHER.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 18, 1865.

Captain KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Send the deserters of the Second Arkansas Cavalry to Memphis by way of Clarksville, on the Arkansas River. Murphy will not go with

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

