
me, but remain at his sister's here in Saint Louis. The Second Ohio should be there by the 25th instant; is now on its way. You will now publish my order. The soldier charged with murder may be turned over to the civil authorities of Webster County on a magistrate's warrant.

J. B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 122. Fort Riley, Kans., June 18, 1865.

* * * * * *

2. The Fifteenth Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, having reported for duty in this district, will, with the exception of two companies, proceed to Fort Larned, Kans., reporting for duty to Lieutenant Colonel J. R. King, commanding Third Sub-District. Two companies, to be designated by the regimental commander, will report at Fort Riley, Kans., for duty to Colonel H. E. Maynadier, commanding First Sub-District.

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

ROBERT S. ROE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,

In the Field, Big Laramie, June 18, 1865.

Captain LUTHER WILSON:

I am directed by the colonel commanding this sub-district to instruct You to establish a patrol along the mail route this place to Fort Halleck, giving each coach an escort of four men, and eight men and one non-commissioned officer to each post, so that four will be at the stage station all the time. Instruct Your non-commissioned officers to have two of the escort ride about 100 yards in advance of the coach; the other two post in the rear, keeping careful lookout for Indians or any signs of them. Have the men well armed and provided with ammunition. Instruct the acting assistant commissary of subsistence at Collins to supply them with the necessary rations.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN S. COCHRANE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBUQUERQUE, N. MEX., June 18, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that in obedience to verbal orders from yourself I left Sante Fe at about 10. 45 o'clock yesterday morning with two men and one spare horse in pursuit of Lieutenant Dorland, who left Santa Fe on the stage at 8 a. m. yesterday. I arrived at Algodones at 6 p. m. and found that the stage had left that place at 5 p. m. My horses were so wearied that I Remained one hour to rest, feed, and water them. My own horse having become lame I was obliged to mount the spare horse.

