
I left Algodones at 7 p. m. for this place and reported to Captain Shinn at 4 o'clock. My horses were unable to move faster than a walk for the last twenty miles. My men were completely exhausted, and as I was unable to keep the saddle longer myself I requested assistance from Captain Shinn, who at once sent his provost-sergeant with two men in pursuit of the stage, which they overtook at Los Pinos just as it was crossing the river. They have just returned to this post with Lieutenant Dorland. I shall leave at sundown for Santa Fe, and use as much dispatch as the jaded condition of my horses will permit. Shall report to You at once upon my arrival.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN ABBOTT,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant, First California Cavalry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 6. Camp Nichols, N. Mex., June 18, 1865.

I. Captain Thomas A. Stombs, First Lieutenant Richard H. Orton, and fifty enlisted men of Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers (mounted), will leave this camp as early as practicable to-morrow morning for the purpose of escorting the train at present here to Fort Larned, Kans.

II. The attack made upon these trains on the 14th instant should effectually impress upon Captain Stombs and his command the imperative necessity of proceeding with extreme vigilance and caution. In cases of attack, the primary object of the command should be to protect the property intrusted to its charge, to do which effectually requires combined action, efficient co-operation, and strict obedience to discipline. Indians, when retreating, should never be pursued for any considerable distance from the train, thereby leaving it unprotected against renewed hostilities.

III. After performing the duty hereby assigned to him, Captain Stombs will return with his command to this camp without unnecessary delay.

IV. The command will be rationed to include July 13, and will take a plentiful supply of ammunition to suffice for contemplated emergencies.

V. The acting assistant quartermaster will furnish two six-mule teams, wagons, &amp;c., complete; the teamsters rationed to include July 13.

By order of Colonel Carson:

JOHN G. DRENNAN,First Lieutenant, First New Mexico Cavalry, and Adjutant.

WASHINGTON, June 19, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Inclosed I send You a letter addressed to the President on the subject of Mexican affairs, which I respectfully request to be laid before him. The statement that French troops have fired upon our troops in aid of the rebellion is taken from a published letter from a member of an Indiana regiment. The statement of the sale of arms to French troops is from General Steele's dispatch of the 10th of June. My time is so occupied that I have not been able to draw up the inclosed letter

