
quickly will it overtake the Fourth Corps. The cavalry columns have been pushed, but great delay occurred in getting them started, as they were scattered and had to be collected in and fixed up, and the navigation of the Red River is very difficult, but all is well now. I will be back from Texas in seven or eight days.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 19, 1865.

(Received 8. 30 a. m. 20th.)

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Please send me Bvt. Major General Alfred Gibbs and Brevet Brigadier-General Fitzhugh, for cavalry service in Texas. I have worked me a nice cavalry command, and think it for the interest of the public service to have the above-named officers as soon as practicable.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 163. New Orleans, La., June 19, 1865.

* * * * *

12. The operations of General Orders, Numbers 87, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby suspended in the cases of the following named officers, and they will remain in this city until further orders: Lieutenant Colonel William H. Thurston, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Volunteers; Major H. R. Putnam, aide-de-camp, U. S. Volunteers (captain, Twelfth U. S. Infantry).

13. Captain J. E. Whittlesey, commissary of subsistence, is hereby ordered to report to the chief commissary of subsistence of the Thirteenth Army Corps, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a table exhibiting the present distribution of troops in the district. * You are aware that the cavalry in the northern portion of the State is under orders to return to Memphis, and that the major portion of General McMillen's brigade (three regiments) in East Mississippi will soon be mustered out. This leaves me to draw almost exclusively on the troops stationed in the Southwest Sub-District for the necessary garrisons for the whole State. In my opinion this is amply sufficient for all purpose even if the whole of General McMillen's brigade (Sixteenth Army Corps) should be withdrawn

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

