
from the State. All those organizations in the Southwest Sub-District which are put down in red-ink can be spared now, and more can be withdrawn as soon as the work on the Southern Railroad, is completed, and it is my intention to send those troops (in red) into the Northeast, and eventually into the East Mississippi Sub-District. The Fifty-eighth Ohio and Eighth New Hampshire are the only white troops I have, and will be best employed in furnishing small garrisons in the interior previous to the other color making its debut. Please lay these suggestions before the commanding general, and inform me at an early date whether he approves of these movements. If a small cavalry force, say two to three companies, could be spared in each sub-district to garrison points of importance off the railroad, they would render important service.

Awaiting Your reply, I am, colonel, Your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General, Commanding District of Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

I have received the following dispatch:

I have received the following dispatch:

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 18, 1865.

Captain J. W. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The District of Mississippi having been subdivided, I have the honor to inform You that the troops belonging to the District of West Tennessee, now stationed at Grenada, Holly Springs, and Senatobia, will be ordered to their commanding officers as soon as relieved by Your district commander.

J. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

I have requested General Smith to leave these troops as they are until my troops can be brought to relieve them. A large portion of these troops are Osband's old brigade of cavalry, which certainly belongs to General Canby. Telegraphic communication with Natchez is very desirable. It will take about thirty miles of wire from the river to Brookhaven. Can that amount be spared?

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 19, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel FRIESNER,

Fifty-eighth Ohio Infantry, Canton, Miss.:

Have Your command in readiness to proceed to Grenada to report to General Maltby on the 21st instant. A company of the Fifth Heavy Artillery will be sent to relieve Your command. Direct that Lieutenant Price will remain at Canton for duty as provost-marshal. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

