
Christi. The brigade was detached at Brazos Santiago and sent without other facilities to lighter than two small sail vessels. The troops were unable to land, and put in here for coal and water. I have directed that the brigade proceed as soon as possible to Braxos, coal and water having been furnished here. The Tamaulipas will leave for Brazos to-day. Please do everything to send lighters for use at Brazos, Indianola, and Corpus Christi. It is an imperative necessity that such craft be sent without delay. I have not hard from the brigade ordered to Indianola, and cannot report whether it has arrived. The Hussar with forage put in here yesterday in distress. She needs thereon four days' repairs. I have ordered Steele to advance his posts as far as Roma as soon as he can secure supplies for troops there. The country on the border is swarming with thieves and robbers, who are running stock and every other class of movable property into Mexico. These posts will materially interfere with their operations, but General Steele should have 250 or 300 cavalry at the earliest possible moment. The forces disbanded here, and scattered through the State. There is no doubt that many officers and men are making their way into Mexico to join the Imperialist forces. Please visit me as soon as You well can, that we can together see to the facilities afforded and disposition necessary.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. G. LAUGHLIN,

Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers, Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that You have Major S. O. Lewis, Eleventh Illinois Volunteers, provost-marshal, proceed by first train to-morrow to Houston with the troops then moving, and there establish himself as provost-marshal of the town and prepare to parole the rebel officers and soldiers at that point. He will take the necessary blanks.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 2. Galveston, Tex., June 19, 1865.

The staff of the district is announced as follows: Major F. W. Emery, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Palfrey, U. S. Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel R. G. Laughlin, Ninety-fourth Illinois Volunteers, provost-marshal-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain F. G. Noyes, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. C. B. White, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Captain G. W. Fox, Twenty-sixth New York Battery, chief of artillery; Captain S. Howell, Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery, chief of ordnance; First. Lieutenant J. L. Baker, Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers, commissary of musters; Major W. L. Avery, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain C. S. Sargent, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

