
important that the reply should be obtained as promptly as possible, and at once forwarded to these headquarters to be transmitted to Washington for action.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 19, 1865.

Colonel F. W. MOORE,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: By direction of the major-general commanding, You will have the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers and Thirty-fourth Iowa Volunteers, under command of the senior officer, sent to Houston to-morrow. It is desirable that the troops leave as early as 6 o'clock to-morrow morning. Captain Atwood, assistant quartermaster, will place at Your disposal the steamer Island City for transportation of wagons, animals, forage, the rations the men cannot carry on their persons, and such troops as she can carry in addition. He will also place at Your disposal a railroad train capable of taking the required number of troops properly. Ten days' subsistence for men and animals, six wagons and teams, and forty rounds of ammunition to the man will be carried. The officers to command the expedition will report at these headquarters for further instructions.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brazos Santiago, Tex., June 19, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES R. SLACK,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Clarksville, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Steele to inform You that he has ordered the Thirty-fifth Wisconsin Infantry and Forty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry to move to Clarksville and report for duty to You. The Forty-sixth will remain under Your command until the waters of the Rio Grande have abated sufficiently to permit them to proceed to Brownsville. As soon as the roads become passable again You will sent them on their way, reporting the same to these headquarters. In Your terms for the 20th instant You will report all these troops as the U. S. forces at Clarksville, Tex. You will also forward a return of Your own brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN F. LACEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 19, 1865.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your communication of the 10th instant, asking me to revoke all appointments made

