
Harding, Forty-third Missouri Volunteers, will turn over the command of the Central District of the officer next in rank and assume command of his regiment. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 9, 1865.

Major HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Utt reports that a scout of ten men from Seventh Kansas Cavalry, under command of a sergeant, went to Eleven Points River and killed the notorious Dick Bowles, captured five bushwhackers in arms. Can I relieve Adjutant Fox, post adjutant Pilot Knob?

By order of F. M. Malone, lieutenant-colonel commanding:

W. L. STAFFORD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 110. Rolla, Mo., June 19, 1865,.

I. Commanding officer detachment Eleventh Regiment Cavalry Indiana Volunteers will move with his command, camp and garrison equipage with five days' rations, at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, the 20th instant, via Vienna and Warrensburg, and join the regiment en route for Fort Riley, Kans. The commanding officer of the detachment will see that proper vouchers are given for all forage taken for the use of the command. The men of the command will not be permitted to straggle nor enter houses of citizens upon the route. The officer of the command will be held strictly responsible for any depredations committed by the men upon the persons or property of citizens. Captain E. B. Grimes, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. Commanding officer Forty-ninth Regiment Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers will detail from his command one company, with camp and garrison equipage, to move to-morrow morning, the 20th instant, to Waynesville, Mo., to remain there until further orders.

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

H. W. WERTH,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,

Springfield, Mo., June 19, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

The Fifteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers reports 510 serviceable horses and the Sixteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers reports 529 serviceable horses. In addition to this there are about 100 unservicea-

