
ble horses in each regiment. These regiments are scattered through the district at twenty one different posts. There being no troops except some militia here to relieve them or any part of them, and having no information as to when the Second Ohio Cavalry will be here, or of its strength, nor how many posts are to be maintained, I am at a loss how to proceed in order to comply with orders received this day to mount a battalion of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, not knowing the strength of it. The Second Battalion, Fourteenth Cavalry, requires 140 horses to equip them so as to proceed to Fort Riley as ordered. Please inform of these points; inform me also as to whether the Fifteenth and Sixteenth will be mustered out June 30 or not, and whether they will be mustered out here. Early information is desired, as it will take at least twenty days to concentrate these two regiments at this post.

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel Fifteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 19, 1865-5. 15 p. m.

Colonel JOHN D. ALLEN,

Springfield:

The Fifteenth and Sixteenth Cavalry will be mustered out at Springfield. You will hold after this the posts of Lebanon, Springfield, Granby, and Cassville only. The two regiments will be concentrated at Springfield as soon as possible and dismounted. Horses will be turned over to mount the Fourteenth Missouri, so it can move at once as ordered. The Second Ohio will be sufficient to hold the posts named.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULESBURG, COLO. TER., June 19, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Colonel Moonlight went in pursuit of Indians who killed Captain Fouts, with three companies of cavalry. Was surprised in camp at 10 o'clock yesterday morning by a body of Indians and lost seventy-five of his best horses. He is now returning to Laramie and out of rations. I shall investigate his conduct.

P. EWD. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 19, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

During this week another brigade of cavalry (2,000 men) will leave here to report to You. They will go by boat to Fort Leavenworth and march from there to Julesburg. Are fully equipped in every particular.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

