HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General R. A. CAMERON,

Commanding La Fourche District:

I am directed by Brigadier-General Sherman to inform you that it has just been reported to these headquarters that on the night of the 18th or 19th of March Whitaker's gang of guerrillas, or some rebel force, visited the Saint Emma Plantation, about three miles and a half from Donaldsonville, and coolly called up the overseer, and forcibly took from him thirty-seven mules, which they carried off, and have not since been heard of. This is evidently in pursuance of a system of the enemy to supply their army with draft animals from this region of country. A similar raid more recently made by Whitaker's gang on a plantation about six miles from Donaldsonville shows this. It is a disgrace to any post which has the force Donaldsonville has to allow the enemy's army to be supplied in this way from before its very eyes. It is time that the mules captured by the last-mentioned raid were all got back; but the system has been very splendidly carried out on the part of the enemy. The most ordinary vigilance exercised by the troops at Donaldsonville would have prevented even at attempt to perform such marked insults by the enemy's guerrillas. The general desires you will investigate this matter, and give such orders that will more effectually protect the planters in the immediate vicinity of Donaldsonville.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. MALONEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 14, 1865 - 11 a. m.

(Received 12. 20 p. m.)

Honorable e. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Will you please answer my request, that I be permitted to send General McCook with the Congressional committee going to the plains to investigate Indian management? The committee asks for an officer of experience and knowledge of Indian affairs, and in justice to the War Department and the army one ought to be sent in order that a full examination of the subject be had.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 14, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I forward herewith the best information attainable relative to routes from the Arkansas to the Red River. The points on the routes are marked as far as practicable on the accompanying map. * From all the information before me I cannot view favorably a move-

* Not found.

