
Lieutenant Murrell's report as soon as he returns. Something will have to be done immediately or we will have trouble with them. They have been excepting their presents since last fall and are now getting impatient. Steps should be taken at once to pacify them. It must be borne in mind that the Ute Indians, if they see proper, can do a great deal of damage to this country and its inhabitants.

Trusting that my course is proper, I remain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILLWELL,

Captain, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Camp.

[Sub-inclosure.]

HERMOSILLA, COLO. TER., June 13, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAMP FILLMORE:

DEAR SIR: The Ute Indians, 500 in number, are encamped within eight miles of my place on the Purgatorie road. I do not know what their intentions are, but they are reported saucy and defiant and have from day to day been killing all the cattle they wanted.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. CRAIG.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

C.
HEADQUARTERS, Camp Fillmorek, Colo. Ter., June 15, 1865.

Lieutenant FRANK MURRELL,Veteran Battn. First Colorado Cav., Camp Fillmore, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: It having been reported to the headquarters that the Ute Indians, about 500 in number, are now encamped on the Purgatoire road, about eight miles from Craig's Ranch, on the Huerfano; that they are very saucy and defiant, killing all the cattle they wanted from day to day, You will proceed to said Indian camps without delay, meet their head chiefs in council, ascertain their intentions, their reasons for committing such depredations, &c. Inform them that the right and property of the whites must be respected by them, that they are laying themselves liable to great censure and perhaps punishment, and that the United States Government will not uphold them in any of their bad acts. Call their attention to the hostile Indians of the plains, that they are being hunted down like so much wild game, and that troops are continually coming from the States to fight them, and that the Government is determined to punish all bad Indians. Give them credit for the manner in which they have conducted themselves since their treaty and council at Conejos up to within a few weeks. Inform them that proper steps will be taken to procure for them their regular annuities. Be discreet in Your council, as a war with the Utes must be avoided for the present if possible. After

fulfilling Your mission, return to this camp and make a report, in writing, of the result. You will also ascertain from the settlers, in the vicinity of the Indian camp or elsewhere on the route, the amount and kind of injuries received of late by them from the Utes, and the amount of damages occurring therefrom.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STILLWELL,

Captain, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Camp.

