
whilst returning from detached service at Fort Union prior to the 11th instant. I shall detain Captain Henderson's company here on its return to Union should it pass this way, unless otherwise ordered by the commanding general. The health of the troops is excellent. I forward a rough but tolerably accurate sketch* of my position, furnished by Acting Assistant Surgeon Holton. I start an express with the mail at dark this evening, and hope it may reach Union in safety. I have requested the commanding officer to forward a special express immediately to Santa Fe with this, a reply to which my express will await at Union.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First New Mexico Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Tecolote, N. Mex., June 19, 1865.

Major WILLIAM H. LEWIS, U. S. Army,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: I have learned by a private letter from Captain Henry B. Bristol to Captain Cutler, dated June 16, 1865, that Ganado Blanco, Barboncito Blanco, and some ten or twelve Navajoes, with their herds of horses and sheep, left the reservation for Chusca, their place of abode before coming to the Bonsque. Major Fritz and Captain Fox with forty cavalry are in pursuit, and Captain Gorham with the interpreter, Jesus, and a small party are out. Captain Bristol could not ascertain positively the number gone until he could have another count. The Indians say that nearly all the Indians that had stock to carry them had left.

No reason is assigned for this unfortunate step except that it was sickly there. I hope the Indians have not been incited to this step by parties opposed to the reservation system. These Indians must be recaptured or destroyed before they cross the Rio Grande. It is unfortunate that we have not sufficient troops to do this, and we must call upon the people for help, but we will concentrate all the troops possible. Send an order for all the mounted men at Las Cruces, Fort Selden, and Fort McRae to march at once to Fort Craig, for Colonel Rigg, with Samburn's company of cavalry and the company of infantry formerly commanded by Captain Haskell, to march at once to Los Pinos. Tell Colonel Rigg to say to General Montoya to raise 100 well-armed, well-mounted men and go with Colonel Rigg or follow him as quickly as possible. All these troops will be cautioned to take them an abundant supply of ammunition. Unless the presence of these Navajos near the Rio Grande should render it otherwise necessary, Colonel Rigg will move immediately with this force from Los Pinos to the Pass of Abo. You will send an express to Brady to join, with all his company mounted and on foot. Colonel Rigg at that point, or at such other point as circumstances may render it necessary for Colonel Rigg to go. Send to Colonel Davis to send Captain Nichols, with fifty of the picket and best mounted men of his company, at once to Fort Stanton by the shortest route, taking the soldiers now at the Tularosa Saw-Mill into Fort Stanton as he passes that point. Have Captain Shinn move at once with all the effective men of his command, and through the Cornwell Pass to some point east of the mountains where he can by means of spies observe the plains toward the Bosque. Order Colonel Shaw to send

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

---------------

