
who profess to be working for the same object-the re-establishment of civil authority throughout the State. There are, in addition, many questions in which the interests of the Government are directly involved, or in which the relations of the General Government to the States as affected by the rebellion are left unsettled by any adequate legislation. I do not think it will be wise to commit any of these questions, either directly or indirectly, to the jurisdiction of the State or other local courts, and will not so commit them unless instructed to do so. It is very possible that in the varied and complicated questions that will come up there may be differences of opinion between the Governor and myself, but there shall be no discord of action, and I will give to his efforts the fullest support in my power.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 164. New Orleans, La., June 20, 1865.

* * * * *

2. The Third Maryland Cavalry is hereby transferred to Natchez, Miss., to relieve the First Texas Cavalry, which will without delay proceed to this city, to be mounted and equipped and then transferred to the Military Division of the Southwest. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,

Numbers 1. Galveston, Tex., June 20, 1865.

* * * * *

2. In pursuance of the terms of the convention entered into May 26, 1865, between Major General E. R. S. Canby, commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi, and General E. K. Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, the proper staff departments of this district are directed to carry out the stipulations of the convention on the part of the military authorities of the United States as follows: The provost-marshal-general will, by himself or by officers designated by him, parole the officers and men, grant proper passes, give orders for subsistence and transportation, and receive and properly care or the records received. The chief quartermaster, chief commissary of subsistence, and chief of ordnance will receive, or instruct suitable officers to receive, from the commissioners designated by the late Confederate authorities, all property pertaining to their respective departments which may be turned over to them. In the absence of the chief quartermaster, Captain George E. Atwood, assistant quartermaster, will discharge his duty under this order. Captain G. W. Fox, chief of artillery, will, in the absence of the chief of ordnance, receive all ordnance property.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

60 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT II

