HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., June 20, 1865.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Jackson, Miss.:

General Grierson has gone to Nashville to consult with General Thomas about the disposition of troops in the northern part of this command. We hope to be able to retain all troops that originally belonged to us. Captain Fuller reports that in order to complete the Natchez line he only wants insulators, and expects to receive them in a few days. The work shall not be unnecessarily delayed. I leave here in the Mollie Able on Saturday afternoon. Shall I have the pleasure to meet You at Vicksburg?

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans:

The following has been received by telegraph:

MEMPHIS.

Major-General Osterhaus:

General Orders, Numbers 34, Department of the Cumberland received. By direction of Lieutenant-General Grant that portion of Mississippi north of the boundaries of Bolivar County is embraced in the District of West Tennessee. My troops will not be relieved. Shall be glad to see You.

J. E. SMITH,

Brevet Major-General.

Does this permanently affect the limits of the Department of the Gulf, and is the District of Mississippi to be changed accordingly, or means this only while that portion of the State is occupied by General Thomas' troops. They all can be relieved, and in fact are already relieved in part by General Maltby's command. The telegram does not mention the eastern boundaries. If extended from Bolivar County to the Alabama line it would take the Sub-District of Northwest and Northeast Mississippi from my command. It is unnecessary for me to say that such a division of the State, which puts nearly one-half of it under a military commander beyond the lines of the State, does not appear very desirable, particularly at the time when the provisional Governor is about to establish a civil administration again, and immediate co-operation of the military and civil authorities will be wanted.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, June 20, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Push out Your expeditions against the Indians in Your own way. The dispatch sent You a few days since was in consequence of a report of the difficulty and expense of procuring forage for so large a force as is now assembling for duty on the plains.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

