
is a bateau bridge, such as I built over Tennessee River at Decatur, and such as spanned that river at Bridgeport and other points. If we had a bridge across Platte River at or near Fort Kearny, and one across Loup Fork it would save me often 100 miles travel for teams and troops. We must operate on both sides of the Platte River, and at high water it is almost impossible to cross. We can neither ferry nor ford. I suggest that the matter be presented again to the lieutenant-general commanding, and that You urge the necessity of forwarding one of those bridges. If this cannot be done I will, if authorized, put a trestle bridge across Platte River at Fort Kearny. Every day increases the necessity of this. All our hay and wood has to be obtained at Kearny on the north side of Platte. The saving in this alone would pay every year for the bridge.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the General-in-Chief of the Army with the recommendation that the request of General Dodge be complied with. The bateaux afford the cheapest and speediest method of bridging the Platte River, over which every thing now is ferried.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Chief Engineer of the Army, who will please furnish the bridge within required if there is one to spare from those heretofore in use.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 165. Saint Louis, Mo., June 20, 1865.

* * * * *

9. Brigadier General J. A. Williamson, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty to these headquarters, is hereby assigned to the command of the Saint Louis District, headquarters at Saint Louis, Mo., relieving Bvt. Brigadier General J. L. Beveridge. General Beveridge upon being relieved by General Williamson will proceed to Warrensburg, Mo., and assume command of the Central District of Missouri. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the authorized number of horses and servants.

10. Company A, Fiftieth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, will proceed to Warrensburg, Mo., and report for duty to the commanding officer of the Central District of Missouri. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

