
12. Lieutenant Colonel D. F. Thielemann, One hundred and tenth U. S. Colored Troops, will take charge of the pontoon train shipped from Nashville under the charge of Lieutenant W. A. Peffer, Eighty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, and proceed with it to Omaha, Nebr., placing it across the Loup Fork River. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, June 20, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The following companies of Missouri militia can be relieved without detriment to the service: One company stationed at Macon, one company stationed at Chillico the, one company stationed at Laclede, one company stationed at Richmond, one company stationed at Louisiana, one company stationed at Mexico, and two platoons stationed in Boone and Platte Counties.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GEO. SPALDING,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., June 20, 1865.

Colonel MAYNADIER,

Commanding First Sub-District:

The general commanding desires that as soon as the two companies of the Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry report to You, You will place one of them at Salina, Kans., retaining the other at this post. The courier post at Abilene, Kans., is also placed in Your command, thus placing that part of the courier-line which is in Your sub-district under Your control. The general commanding also directs that You detail a non-commissioned officer to take charge of the couriers at this post, and that he report direct to these headquarters, having men enough under him to carry messages whenever called on. It does not seem advisable to send less than five six or six men with each express west of Salina, as there is no telling at what moment they may be attacked by Indians.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ROBERT S. ROE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., June 20, 1865.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state for the information of the major-general commanding that the recent rains have swollen all the small streams of this district as to make the movement of the troops almost impossible. I had intended to leave for the west before this, but high water and lack of supplies have detained me. Colonel Leavenworth is

