
now in the southern part of the district trying to get an interview with the Indian chiefs. The troops are having almost daily skirmishes with the Indians, but with the exception of the stock captured by them at Fort Dodge the Indians generally get badly punished. The express messengers are attacked nearly every trip, but generally succeed in driving off the Indians. Scouting parities are constantly ut, and have now got the road nearly clear of Indians, having driven them nearly across the river. The mail coach for Santa Fe left Fort Larned at the usual time. Our train of 145 wagons left thereon the 6th instant, escorted by company of New Mexico infantry, and another train of wagons (250) left on the 27th instant escorted by two companies of New Mexico cavalry (dismounted). We are nearly out of all commissary supplies here, there being no bacon or sugar on hand. I intend moving my battalion south of the river as soon as commissary stores and clothing arrive, at the same time sending about 400 men north to the Republican and Smoky Hill Forks. I shall start for the western part of the district to-morrow, but al communications will be forwarded to me by couriers.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 20, 1865.

Lieutenant ROBINSON,

Chief Engineer, Fort Leavenworth:

Go by stage to Fort Kearny; examine the Platte River and see the best place to pontoon it; also the best place to trestle it. See if material is there; also if You can get men from regiments to build trestles; how much lumber You would have to have, and telegraphs me full particulars from Kearny. Give the river thorough examination below and above. A pontoon 1,200 feet along, canvas boats, is on the way to Omaha. I think I shall put it in at Loup Fork if Platte is fordable; if not, may take it to Platte. Lieutenant-Colonel Thielemann goes up with the bridge. Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

JULESBURG, Colonel TER., June 20, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis:

Please hurry up the troops intended for here. The Utes are getting very troublesome. They are now near Craig's Ranch, south of Denver, killing people's cattle and helping themselves to the people's property.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 20, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of two letters from You dated 10th instant. The instructions contained therein will be

