
and that a recurrence of the wrongs that they had committed would certainly bring punishment for the guilty ones. I informed them that they should apply to their agent for subsistence when hungry; that it was his duty to see to them and their wants. I asked them to inform the other portions of the band, especially the Apaches, of what I said to them, which they agreed faithfully to do in three days. Their bearing throughout the interview was all that could be desired. From observations and what the settlers tell me, the Utes and Apaches conduct themselves well when about the settlements, and the present improprieties were caused by actual want. Their resources are very limited, being principally game. They cannot get down to where the buffalo range, and unless there is some plan adopted by which they can be brought to assist themselves, or have more adequate means provided for their subsistence, the settlers south and west of this in this Territory will be subjected to similar wrongs on the part of the Indians until retaliation usurps the place of prudence on the part of some sufferer, and the consequence will be an unfortunate Indian war.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

FRANK MURRELL,

First Lieutenant, Veteran Battalion First Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel NELSON H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Franklin, Tex.:

COLONEL: A large number of Indians having escaped from the reservation at Bosque Redondo the general commanding directs that You send Captain Nichols with fifty of the picked and best-mounted men of his company at once to Fort Stanton by the shortest route, taking the soldiers now at the Tularosa Saw-Mill into Fort Stanton as he passes that point. This command will be well supplied with ammunition. Captain Nichols will be directed to be on the lookout for the runaway Indians and endeavor to capture or destroy any parties he may come up with. The women and children will not be harmed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Captain, First California Vet. Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Tecolote, N. Mex., June 20, 1865.

Major WILLIAM H. LEWIS, U. S. Army,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs me to say to You that upon reflection he would rather not have the mounted men ordered away from Fort McRae. There are but few there, and Captain French may need them in case any Indians should attempt to cross the Rio Grande anywhere within striking distance of his post, but such mounted men as can be spared from Las Cruces and Fort Selden will be ordered to Fort Craig as heretofore directed.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

