HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 20, 1865.

Captain JOHN B. SHINN,

Third U. S. Artillery, Commanding at Albuquerque, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the department directs that You proceed at once with all the effective men of Your command through the Cornwell Pass to some point east of the mountains where You can be means of spies observe the plains toward the Bosque Redondo. Colonel Shaw will be ordered to join You at once by way of Los Pinos with fifty mounted men. You are authorized to issue rations to parties of citizens who may join Your command, and if necessary You may hire transportation and purchase supplies. A large number of Navajoes have escaped from the reservation at Fort Sumner. You are directed to use every effort to capture or destroy them. The women and children will not be harmed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Captain, First California Vet. Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 20, 1865.

Colonel OSCAR M. BROWN,

Commanding at Fort Marcy, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from the department commander, Colonel Brown, First California Cavalry, will proceed with such men of his command and such citizens of this place as may volunteer for the service, to the place of don Serafin Ramirez, beyond the Places Mines. From this point he will send out spies to the east and endeavor to ascertain the whereabouts of any parties of Navajo Indians. All parties of Navajoes that he may overtake he will attack. The women and children will be captured if possible. Colonel Brown will take with him a full supply of ammunition for his party, both citizens and soldiers. After arriving at Ramirez's place Colonel Brown will draw such supplies as he may need from Albuquerque. He is authorized to employ as many men in the capacity of spies as he may deem necessary.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Captain, First California Vet. Inf Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWIN A. RIGG,

Commanding at Fort Craig, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: A number of Navajo Indians having escaped from the reservation at Fort Sumner, the general commanding directs that You move at once from Fort Craig to Los Pinos with Captain Samburn's company of cavalry and B company of infantry, late Haskell's. From Los Pinos You will proceed with Your command to Abo Pass, unless the presence of Indians on the river should render it necessary for You to operate in that direction. The general wishes You to tell General Montoya, New Mexico Militia, and induce him to raise 100 mounted men to join You and co-operate with You. You can ration any men that

