
he can raise. Captain Brady will be ordered to join You with his company from Fort Stanton at Abo Pass. In case You should not go to this point at once, You can send an express to him to join You and give him such instructions as You deem proper. The number of escaped Indians is supposed to be large, comprising such of the Navajoes as had stock to escape on. The general hopes that You will use every endeavor to prevent any of these Indians from reaching the Rio Grande. You will capture or destroy all parties that You may be able to come up with. Those captured will be held as prisoners, to be returned to the Bosque. Do not wait for General Montoya to raise his men, but give him instructions to follow You as soon as he can raise his party. See that all men who go on the expedition have an abundant supply of ammunition. All of the mounted troops from Las Cruces, Forts Selden and McRae are to be ordered to Fort Craig, but You will no wait for their arrival to make Your movement. You will have spies employed to see that the Indians do not attempt to cross the river on the Jornado. Employ Captain Fountain for this purpose, and such others as may be necessary. You will make arrangements to receive such supplies as You may need while on the campaign from Los Pinos. Direct the commander that You levee at Fort Craig to use every endeavor to capture or destroy any parties that he may learn of who are trying to make their way across the Rio Grande. Surgeon Foye, from Los Pinos, will accompany You. Leave directions at Fort Craig for the cavalry ordered up from below to join You.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Captain, First California Vet. Infty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, June 20, 1865.

Captain JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Yours of the 17th, saying the major-general commanding directs that I furnish Your headquarters with a "list of general officers under Your (my) command who desire to remain in the service, with Your (my) recommendations in each case, stating the position the applicant could most efficiently fill," is just received. I have only two generals remaining under my command. First, Bvt. Major General A. Sully. I have no report from him, but take it for granted he desires to remain in the service. He is a West Point graduate and an intelligent officer, well acquainted with all branches of the service. He is better qualified for duties in the field than elsewhere. He seems inclined to dissipate, but deserves the favorable consideration of his country for gallant services. Second, Brigadier General H. H. Sibley. This is a well-educated and intelligent officer, who desires to remain only so long as Indian troubles seem to harass the State and country where he now resides and commands. He has done distinguished service against the Indians. His thorough knowledge of the tribes, their bands, their language, and even many of their leading men rendered his appointment expedient, and in my judgment will justify his continuance in the service during the season of active operations this year, say till October next, when I think it will be economical to dispense with his services. He is a man of superior intellect and the best of habits.

I have the honor to be, Your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

