HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Shreveport, La., June 21, 1865.

Colonel W. H. DICKEY,

Commanding Eighty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, Monroe, La.:

SIR: Your letter of the 14th instant has ben received at these headquarters, and in reply I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that a large cavalry expedition destined for operations in Texas is now fitting out here under Major-General Merritt, and until this expedition starts it will be impossible to know what cavalry can be sent for service in this command. For this reason no cavalry can be sent You at present. A detachment of the Tenth Illinois Cavalry has been out for some days on a scout between here and the Ouachita River. They are, however, under orders to return and cannot permanently report to You. It is thought that most of the jayhawkers can be suppressed by the citizens themselves, and they should be encouraged to a concert of action for this purpose. No consideration need by shown any bands of armed men found depredating on the country. They have forfeited all rights, and when caught should be instantly dealt with.

I have the honor to be, Your very obedient servant,

W. H. CLAPP,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 21, 1865.

Mr. M. F. MOTT,

Late Clerk of the Dist. Court of the Confederate States

For the Eastern Div. of Texas, sitting at Houston:

SIR: By direction of Major-General Granger, commanding this district, You will proceed without delay to Brenham, Tex., and collect all records of the court of which You have been clerk and report with them to the provost-marshal-general at this place. You will also collect all records now at Houston of the district court of the United States, the log book and other papers of the Morning Light and Harriet Lane, and all other public records there to be found which have been under Your control, and report them in person to the provost-marshal-general at this place. The quartermaster's department will furnish You required transportation. The provost-marshal-general will receive the papers so obtained, will have them boxed under Your supervision, and will receive from You a full statement of facts in the case, which may be of interest to the U. S. authorities. The provost-marshal-general will then administer to You the oath required from civil officers of the late Confederate authority and will grant You the privileges accorded to such persons.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: The inhabitants of some portions of this district are suffering severely from a want of the necessary animals for agricultural

