
purposes to work the growing crops, and the means of transportation to secure the same when ready for harvesting. Most of these people had their stock carried away by our forces during the different cavalry raids, and few had the means of replacing it. There are now some 250 mules and horses in the hands of the quartermaster which are reported as no longer of service to the Government, and I have in some few instances furnished people with animals "to be considered as a loan on the part of the Government. " Please lay this action before the major-general commanding department for his approval. I would also respectfully request authority to dispose of the remainder of the stock referred to above in a similar manner whenever the interests of the community seem to require it.

Awaiting Your reply, I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 21, 1865.

THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.:

GOVERNOR: In the inclosed I have the honor to hand You a petition for amnesty of General Cockrell, of the late Missouri brigade, in the late Confederate army under Dick Taylor, and very respectfully request the transmittal of the same to the Executive in Washington with Your favorable recommendation on it, if You can consistently do so. Cockrell and his brigade were our enemies, but they were good and brave soldiers, and, in my humble opinion, they will, when they accept the amnesty oath, make better citizens than a great many stay-at-home sneaks and copperheads. Yesterday a young lady called on me with a certificate, of which I inclose a copy. * She and her relations were driven from their homes by order of General Wirt Adams for the very same acts for which Colonel Simpson recommends her to the Federal officers. She asks to be remembered to You. I take good care of her.

With great respect, I am, Governor, Your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, June 21, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The whole of the State of Arkansas You will regard as under Your command, so far as it may be necessary for the military authorities to aid the civil authorities in establishing civil government, and all questions appertaining thereto General Reynolds will report to You. There will be orders issued in a few days settling all questions of divided jurisdiction in Arkansas.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

