
Crossing, 1,200 head of cattle belonging to a train on the way out to Fort Union, under command of Captain Felsenthal, First New Mexico Infantry, and that all except forty-eight head were recovered. There has been a general lull along the route from Fort dodge to Fort Zarah, occasioned, as is generally believed, by the Indians having gone south with their plunder, or westward to watch the trains en route to New Mexico. Increased vigilance has been enjoined upon the troops at this post in consequence of the apparent withdrawal of the Indians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

FORT LEARNED, KANS., June 21, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

District of the Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the return the 20th instant of Corporal McDougall, commanding Independent Scouts, from the Smoky Hill. He saw no Indian signs. Was up about thirty miles above Fort Ellsworth, by which post he went and returned. The steams being so high he considered it impracticable to strike a due course from the Coal Banks to this post, as he had instructions to do if possible. He is of the opinion that there is no large party north, unless it may be tribes coming from north of the Platte. The Indians that have been committing the depredations on this line all come from south of the river, and no trails have been discovered tending north. The river, although falling, is still hardly passable. The horses of the Independent Scouts are in very good order, although many of them were rendered for a time unserviceable on this last scout, the backs of some getting badly scalded owing to the wet weather. Am going to start out a party of fifteen or twenty in a day or two to lie for a few days on the road between this post and Fort Zarah, about Ash Creek, Pawnee Rock, and the Sand Bluffs.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

H. D. JANES,

Chief of Scouts, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS, Numbers 12. Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 21, 1865.

I. The headquarters of the District of the Plains is hereby transferred to Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter. All reports, returns, and correspondence will hereafter be directed to that point.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Sioux City, Iowa:

GENERAL: Your two letters of June 10 are received. In relation to Colonel Dimon You can act as You think best. Peace should, if possible,

61 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

