
be made with the Cheyennes and Sioux. I have several times urged this upon You. Make what arrangements with them as seem judicious to You (except the payment of money or goods,) and I will see that Your terms are approved. If all the Sioux and Cheyennes would agree to remain in the region of country north of the Platte, I am sure the Government would sanction the arrangement and adopt measures to keep whites entirely out of their country. We want peace with the Indians, if we can get a peace which has any element of permanency. You know very well that such treaties as are made by Indian agents, giving the Indians money and goods, only lead surely to more hostilities, in the hope of getting more treaties and more money and goods. Such treaties are not to be thought of. Use all Your energy to settle matters satisfactorily with the Indians as speedily as possible. No troops stationed at frontier posts or engaged in Indian campaign are to be mustered out. Act on this.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 325. Washington, June 22, 1865.

* * * * *

2. The following-named officers are hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Washington and will report in person to Major-General Sheridan at New Orleans, La.: Bvt. Major General Alfred Gibbs, U. S. Volunteers; Bvt. Brigadier General C. L. Fitzhugh, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE SOUTHWEST,

New Orleans, La., June 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose You the following papers, &amp;c., for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding: Reports of artillery (light and heavy) in the Trans-Mississippi Department June 1; assistant chief of ordnance report of condition of affairs at Mound Prairie; letter of J. J. Williamson on condition of ordnance, &c., at Shreveport; letter of General Herron with report of condition of affairs at the Confederate States Government works, Mound Prairie, Tex.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(In the absence of General Sheridan.)

