
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

NEW ORLEANS, LA., June 16, 1865.

Captain J. W. TODD,

U. S. Ordnance Corps, Chief of Ordnance, Dept. of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to order received from ordnance office, headquarters Department of the Gulf, dated New Orleans, La., May 31, 1865, I have the honor to report that I proceeded to Shreveport, La., and upon my arrival at that point reported to the commanding officer of that district (Major-General Herron), and was by hi furnished such inventories of ordnance and ordnance stores as had been furnished by the C. S. authorities (a copy of each hereunto annexed). An acting ordnance officer had been appointed by the commanding officer of the post, with instructions to receive the ordnance property as turned over by the officers of the Confederate States Government. In many of the cases, however, no inventories were presented, and in fact the property was left where it was most convenient. This was due to the fact that the troops revolted, and after having ransacked the public buildings and taken such stores as they wanted, and destroyed a portion of the remainder, they disbanded upon the approach of the U. S. forces, taking with them their arms and accouterments, artillery harness, horse equipments, &amp;c. The C. S. arsenal at Shreveport is in fine condition. It contains a fine lot of machinery, machinists' tools, patterns, foundry implements, &c. This arsenal was turned over by Captain Whaly, of the C. S. Ordnance Department, to the U. S. authorities in very good order. No inventory of the property belonging to the arsenal had been furnished at the time of my leaving. The employees at the arsenal upon the news of the surrender plundered the arsenal workshops and store-houses of all material, tools, horse equipments, artillery harness, small-arms, and accouterments which they could carry away, taking the teams which belonged to the arsenal to assist them.

All of the ordnance and ordnance stores and ordnance property, which was movable and which was liable to damage by neglect, was directed to be sent to Baton Rouge Arsenal as fast as transportation could be furnished. I retained, at the suggestion of Major-General Herron, for the armament of a Fort, in case it was decided to build one, the following pieces of artillery with about 200 rounds of assorted ammunition per piece, viz: one 24-pounder siege gun, on siege carriage; one 24-pounder boat howitzer, on siege carriage; two light 12-pounder guns, on field carriages; two 12-pounder field howitzers, on field carriages; two 3. 25-inch rifles, on field carriages; one 6-pounder smooth-bore gun, on field carriage. I also directed that all the carbines, and 250,000 rounds of rifled musket ammunition, caliber . 557, should be retained at that post. I was informed by the Confederate authorities that at Marshall, Tex., there was a large powder works and an arsenal of construction. At this point all the powder required for the Trans-Mississippi Department was manufactured, also musket caps, small-arm ammunition, artillery ammunition, fixed, &c. This property was plundered to a great extent by disorganized commands. The officials of the city deeming it necessary to protect the property and lives of the inhabitants, placed a guard upon the workshop, store-houses, magazines, &c., and so far as I was enabled to learn the property was rigidly cared for. There was no regular communication between the two points (Shreveport and Marshall), and it was deemed quite unsafe to go beyond the lines held by the U. S. forces. I was requested by Major-General Herron to state that it was his intention to forward troops to Marshall, and would, at the earliest practicable moment, cause

