
reports disturbances on the increase and asks for a provost-marshal. Colonel Atkins also states that a disturbance occurred on the plantation of Mrs. Weeks, but does not state the instance of it. A disturbance occurred at Houma on Sunday night by a rebel tearing down our flag. He has been arrested. I think the distribution of forces which I recommended in my report to the major-general commanding department, or something like it, should be made at once; but the regiments being concentrated for the field, I do not feel at liberty to use any of them without General Sherman's permission. If I can have his permission I will make such dispositions as will quiet the country until they understand their status in the Union.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

MOUNT PLEASANT, TITUS COUNTY, TEX., June 22, 1865.

Major-General HERRON, U. S. Army,

Commanding at Shreveport, La.:

SIR: Some time ago and prior to the surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Department, as judge of the district court of the eighth district of Texas, I issued an order to the sheriff of Lamar County, Tex., requiring him to preserve peace and quiet in said county of Lamar, but since the surrender a gang of lawless desperadoes are disregarding all social rights of the people, capturing private property, endangering the lives of the unoffending, and committing every species of lawlessness. The outrages are principally committed by persons who are only temporarily sojourning in the country, aided by persons and their co-workers who have held civil commissions under the authority of the Government. I have not presumed since the surrender to execute any of the duties of a judge. I am convinced that it is not the policy of the government of the United States to permit such lawless persons to invade the rights of the people. The people are ready to yield obedience to the authorities of the United States and trust that prompt action will be taken to restore peace and quiet. I trust that You will hear the statement of Captain T. J. Mackey, who will give You a detailed statement of the grievances of which the people justly complain. A military force would soon restore peace and quiet.

Hoping You will pardon me for claiming Your indulgence, I am, Your obedient servant,

B. W. GRAY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, June 22, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. K. LAWLER,

Baton Rouge, La.:

A steamer left here yesterday with the Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry for Shreveport. Have her stop at Your post and disembark this regiment. Further orders will be sent.

By order:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

