SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 2. Galveston, Tex., June 22, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The Twenty-third Iowa Volunteers will proceed as early to-morrow morning as practicable by boat or rail to Houston; thence by first train to Alleyton; from Alleyton the regiment will march to Columbus and there take post, preserve order, and protect public and private property. Major Avery, aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding, will give the commanding officer special instructions.

4. The One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteers will be moved to Millican by railroad as soon as possible, there to take post, preserve order, and protect public and private property. Major Avery, aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding, will give the commanding officer special instructions.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. M. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 8. Jackson, Miss., June 22, 1865.

I. Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Department of the Gulf, Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty and directed to proceed to his place of residence, and from thence to report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army, pending the action of the War Department on his tender of resignation.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Osterhaus:

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 22, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from the General-in-Chief has just been received. * You know how desirable it is to re-establish the civil authorities in Arkansas and turn over to them the entire management of their local civil affairs. My general views on this subject are contained in the inclosed letter and orders,+ and I request that You conform to them as far as the condition of affairs in Arkansas will warrant. I have applied these views almost literally to Missouri with the most satisfactory results, and I hope and believe that You will be able to apply them substantially in Arkansas with favorable results. Please report to me what You have done and propose to do in this direction at Your earliest convenience.

I am, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Rawlins to Pope, June 21, p. 958.

+Not found as inclosures.

---------------

