
the minds of all the fact that the war is over and that we come among them not as enemies, but as friends, with a sincere wish and determination to protect them to our utmost ability, and to render them every assistance that they may require in re-establishing law, order, and civil government. To this end in future no interference with the fights and privileges of good and law-abiding citizens, no foraging or lawless appropriations of private property, will be permitted. Until the restrictions upon trade are removed in this department, permits will be given to all citizens making application to purchase at such points as they may prefer and take to their homes reasonable quantities of supplies for family and plantation use. No effort will be made to induce negroes to leave their former masters and homes. On the contrary, they are earnestly advised to remain where they are, with the understanding that they are to be kindly treated and receive a fair and reasonable compensation for their labor. They will neither be permitted to live in idleness nor to congregate in large numbers at military posts. It is expected that the United States Government will soon adopt some more perfect system for the control of this class of persons. Farmers and gardeners having produce of any kind to dispose of are requested to bring it to market, and are assured that they will be protected in person of the same as fair and liberal prices. All good and peaceably disposed citizens are urged to organize themselves for the purpose of putting down and ridding their country of all lawless bands of jayhawkers, robbers, and murderers. For all of this latter class of persons when caught "a long rope a short shrift" is earnestly recommended. According to the terms of surrender of the Trans-Mississippi Army agreed upon between General Canby and E. Kirby Smith, all Confederate property of whatsoever kind was turned over to the U. S. authorities. All persons having such property in their possession, or who have any knowledge of its whereabouts, are hereby directed and expected to report it immediately to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General G. F. McGinnis:

J. H. LIVSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 22, 1865.

Honorable JAMES HARLAN,

Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Copies of Senator Doolittle's and Commissioner dole's letters to You of dates May 31 and June 12 have been furnished me. My acquaintance with You leads me to believe that You are endeavoring to get at the real facts of our Indian difficulties and the best methods for putting an end to them. So far as Senator Doolittle's letter refers to 'some general getting up and Indian war on his own hook," and for his own purpose, I shall indulge no reply. You know me, and if it was intended any way to apply to me I leave You to judge of how much credence should be attached to it. My sincere desire is to terminate these Indian troubles, and I have no hesitation in saying that if I am allowed to carry out the policy now being pursued toward them I will have peace with them before another emigration crosses the plains. When I assumed command of the former Department of Kansas I found all the important Indian tribes on the plains in open

