
the transportation. When the bridge is placed it will be turned over to the officers and men whom Brigadier General P. E. Connor has been instructed to send there to take charge of it. You will leave written instructions with them as to the manner it shall be taken care of, preserved, &amp;c. A detachment of the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry will accompany You and put in the bridge. Upon arrival at Loup Fork and completing the laying of the bridge they will be subject to orders from General Connor. Upon Your arrival at Omaha and Loup Fork, and when the bridge is constructed, You will telegraph me for further orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish all necessary transportation, and all commanders of troops will give You such aid as may be required.

I am, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, June 22, 1865.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Rice, from Charleston, reports that Lieutenant Whitesel just returned from a scout. He killed one notorious bushwhackers, Kate Deas.

By order of F. Maline, colonel, commanding:

W. L. STAFFORD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MICHIGAN CAV. BRIGADE, DIST. OF NORTH KANS.,June 22, 1865.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: In compliance to orders just received, I have the honor to report that there are two regiments of my brigade here, and that one regiment (the Sixth Michigan Cavalry) marched for Julesburg on Saturday, June 17. The requisitions for ordnance, &c., were made on the arsenal at Fort Leavenworth. I have been informed at the arsenal that the ammunition required for was invoiced at Saint Louis on the 12th of day of June, but up to the present time has not arrived at the Fort.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

P. STAGG,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 22, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Heath leaves for Omaha to-day to take command of column of cavalry moving from there to Black Hills. Please send him a signal officer and some rockets. Indians have destroyed more stage stations west of Bridger Pass. Stages will be running again in a couple of days. Colonel Potter, commanding South Sub-District, is now at

