
Halleck stationing troops on mail line. Had another fight with Indians yesterday on Sweetwater. One soldier and three Indians killed; several horses wounded. Commissary stores have not arrived yet.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., June 22, 1865.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding East Sub-District, For Kearny, Nebr. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to inform You that a small party of Sioux Indians will arrive at Your post in a few days, under charge of Captain John Wilcox, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, or such other escort as he may in his judgment detail. You will receive the Indians, continue them disarmed, feed them as cheaply as possible, treat them kindly, and hang any who try to escape; and until otherwise ordered You will not permit them to leave the limits of Your post. The males of the party will be required to work for their subsistence.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 23, 1865-2. 30 p. m.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Auburn, N. Y.:

I am glad to hear of Your safe arrival at home. The Surgeon-General reports everything favorable this morning with Frederick. The Navy Department has just received official dispatches from Admiral Thatcher, dated at Galveston, June 8, reporting that on the 1st of this month General Brown, commanding the U. S. forces, occupied and garrisoned Brownsville. On the 2nd of June the rebel generals Kirby Smith and Magruder met in the harbor of Galveston General E. J. Smith [Davis], representing Major-General Canby, and General Kirby Smith then and there signed the terms of surrender previously agreed on at New Orleans. On the 5th of June full and formal possession of Galveston was delivered up to the U. S. forces and the flag of the Union raised. On the 8th of June Admiral thatcher went ashore and was cordially received by the rebel naval and military authorities, who requested a part of the U. S. naval force to remain there for their protection. Galveston is before this time strongly garrisoned by U. S. land forces sent forward by General Canby. General Sheridan is also probably there in person. The President's proclamation raising the blockade will be immediately issued.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 167. New Orleans, La., June 23, 1865.

* * * * *

8. Paragraph 11, Special Orders, Numbers 162, current series, from these headquarters, is hereby so amended as to read as follows:

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel J. Schuyler Crosby, general supervision, charge of all civil matters excepting claims; Major Alfred Fredberg, charge of all

