SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Numbers 3. Galveston, Tex., June 23, 1865.

Major W. L. Avery, aide-de-camp, will proceed from Galveston to Millican, on Central Railroad, and to Columbus, on the Buffalo Bayou Railroad, and post the troops at those points, furnishing the commanding officers the instructions he has received from the major-general commanding, and, providing that such instructions be enforced, he will await at Houston further orders.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 77. Galveston, Tex., June 23, 1865.

The organization formerly known as the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, discontinued January 25, 1865, by Special Orders, Numbers 16, headquarters Defenses of New Orleans, is hereby, subject to the approval of the War Department, revived. All men of the Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry whose term of service will not expire on or before September 1, 1865, and all officers and men now with said regiment who were transferred from the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, will be reformed into a battalion composed of companies of maximum strength. The officers and men will be transferred on the rolls required by Circular, Numbers 64, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, August 18, 1864. The organization known as the Seventy-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and all men whose terms of service will expire on or before September 1, 1865, will be mustered out as soon as the transfers above directed are made. Brigadier-General Benton, commanding Third Division, is charged with the execution of this order.

By order of Major-General Granger:

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS AND DIST. OF TEXAS,Galveston, Tex., June 23, 1865.

Bvt. Major General C. C. ANDREWS,

Commanding 2nd Div. and 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 13th Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to state that under authority from Major-General Sheridan, commanding the Military Division of the Southwest, all regimental or battery organizations within this corps, the terms of service of which will expire before September 1, will be immediately mustered out of service. All enlisted men whose terms will expire by September 1 will also be mustered out without delay. To avoid useless expense to the Government and discomfort to officers and men organizations which will expire before the time mentioned will not be sent to this place. The men to be transferred to other regiments or batteries will be placed in charge of proper commissioned officers having longer to serve, and sent to this city with proper transfer rolls for assignment to other commands. The officers and men to be mustered out will be mustered out at Mobile,

