
or in case the discharge can be more quickly effected in that way, they will be sent to New Orleans for muster out. The commanding general desires that the Thirty-seventh Illinois Volunteers be sent here as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

F. W. EMERY,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Brazos Santiago, Tex., June 23, 1865.

Captain J. F. LACEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The First Division of my corps will commence moving to White's Ranch at 4 o'clock this p. m. There will be four brigades to encamp there, and there being a scarcity of room I would respectfully request that the Twenty-ninth Iowa and Seventh United States be moved to some other point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI,Jackson, Miss., June 23, 1865.

Major V. H. LYON,

Commanding Detachment of Ninth Indiana Cavalry:

SIR: The general commanding directs that the following instructions be conveyed to You: The repeated reports from the vicinity of Canton render it desirable to establish cavalry posts at controlling locations in that section. You are therefore directed to put Your command en route on the morning of the 24th proximo and to proceed by easy march to Canton. You will consult with the commanding officer of that post and render him such assistance as he may require in preserving order and in the suppression of such organized bands of malefactors and persons ill disposed to the United States Government, and of such troublesome individuals as may be reported, making such arrests as may seem necessary and reporting every two or three days all Your proceedings to these headquarters. Having consumed so much time as may seem necessary for this duty You will move toward the town of Benton, crossing the Big Black at or near Warsaw, and taking at the intersection of the Benton and Lexington You will establish a post place. Immediately on arriving at Lexington You will establish a post and appoint an efficient officer as provost-marshal. The inclosed orders and circulars are furnished for Your guidance upon this duty, and You will confer for further instructions as to treatment of the freedmen question with the assistant provost-marshal-general of freedmen at Jackson. The strictest discipline must be enforced on the march, and while in camp or quarters nothing must be taken from the people. Particular attention is invited to inclosed circular. If You are compelled to take forage You are to furnish the owners the necessary certificates, but it will be better to abstain entirely from taking anything. Thirty days' rations will be sent to You at Canton, from which You will draw what You need on the march. The remainder You had better order

