
Corps, and Post of Little Rock. Battery commanders will hereafter report through his office.

By order of Bvt. Major General F. Salomen:

A. S. KENDRICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., April 14, 1865.

Major General JAMES F. FAGAN, or

COMMANDING OFFICER OF C. S. FORCES IN ARKANSAS:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose copy of correspondence between Generals U. S. Grant and R. E. Lee, resulting in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia; * also copy of telegram received at these headquarters from War Department. + With the hope of speedily restoring peace to our country, I invite your attention to the accompanying correspondence and telegram, and am authorized to offer to the troops under your command the same terms that General Lee accepted from Lieutenant-General Grant. Louisiana and Texas are not embraced in this department, but as this opportunity is probably the most direct means of communicating the terms on which hostilities may cease, I have the honor to request that you will forward copies of the correspondence to C. S. commanders in these States. They can select the most convenient channel of correspondence with a department commander of U. S. forces. An answer as far as regards the troops of Arkansas is requested by the bearer of this flag of truce, Major E. C. Bainbridge, aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., April 14, 1865.

Major-General POPE:

Thanks for your letter received to-night. I had not learned of your return to Saint Louis. Will write you per to-morrow's mail, and go down to see you as early as it is possible for me to leave here.

THOS. C. FLETCHER.

STATE OF MISSOURI, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

City of Jefferson, April 14, 1865.

[Major General JOHN POPE:]

GENERAL: Yours of the 12th instant is at hand. The judicial officers in all the counties north of the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad report no difficulty in holding courts and in enforcing the law. From those counties all troops and provost-marshals may be withdrawn with perfect safety. In the counties south of that road bordering on both the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers there will probably be numerous bands of outlaws as soon as the leaves put out. Large numbers of them

* Not found as inclosures, but see correspondence between Grant and Lee, forwarded by Grandt to Stanton, Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 663.

+ See Halleck to Reynolds, April 11, p. 69.

