
to be taken to the railroad deport nearest to Lexington (probably Durant Station). Full reports on all matters of interest will be required of You, and You will communicate with these headquarters frequently in any event. Strict and unrelaxing discipline must be Your motto.

I am, yours, very respectfully,

J. WARREN MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 148. Little Rock, Ark., June 23, 1865.

1. The battalion of the Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry Volunteers is relieved from duty at post of Helena, Ark., and will report without delay to Brevet Major-General Salomon, commanding First Division, Seventh Army Corps, at Little Rock, Ark. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, ARK., June 23, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have completed the paroling here after considerable difficulty, owing to the fact that the forces to be paroled were in a state of total disorganization. The number paroled will, I think, exceed 1,800. I found no public property except such arms as were turned in and which will number probably 300. These I shall send to Little Rock by Lieutenant Brady. I found that the bulk of the State records were at Rondo, thirty-five miles hence, and concluded not to attempt their recovery for reasons mentioned in my letter by Governor Flanagin. Such as were here I shall forward by Lieutenant Brady, and probably also the funds remaining in the hands of the treasurer, which I understand amount to about $5,000. Yesterday evening I received Your orders and letter of instructions directing me to visit Fort Towson. I shall leave at daylight to-morrow morning. I find difficulty in properly supplying myself with forage, but hope to eke out supplies by grazing the animals. If I am correctly informed the march from Towson to Smith will be difficult, if not impracticable, owing to the condition of the roads and the absence of grazing. If I find upon arrival at Towson that this information is correct, I shall return by some other route, as it will be impossible for me to subsist the animals without some assistance in the way of grazing. I have heard here, but unofficially of course, that commissioners had already been sent by Major-General Herron from Shreveport to do the work contemplated in my orders. I find all the inhabitants, soldiers and citizens of the late Confederacy, well disposed and seemingly anxious in goo faith to work for the restoration of civil authority under the old flag. The negroes here require looking after at once, as they are leaving their old homes and flocking toward the Federal posts with no definite purpose. This is particularly unfortunate at the present, as labor in the country is scarce and all required to secure the crop. The people are in tolerably straitened circum-

