
stances, although I find no actual want for necessaries this side of the Caddo. The demand for goods will be much greater than the ability to purchase, as there is little money or cotton in the country. Disorders are not frequent. Life and property are probably as secure as at any time in Arkansas. The best route from Little Rock to this point is by way of Easley's Ferry, on the Ouachita, fourteen miles below Rockport. This route avoids very rocky and hilly roads without increasing distance. There is good grazing at convenient stages along this route, particularly the island at the Ouachita, at Easley's, and at Wolf Creek, five miles east of the Little Missouri. Water is good and abundant all the way until after crossing the Little Missouri, eighteen miles from Washington. Marches should be so directed that this distance would be accomplished in one day. I respectfully suggest that the infantry command at this point, if intended as a post force, should be instructed to some extent as to the relations now existing between the military authorities and the inhabitants. I make this suggestion because from some things I have observed an unfavorable impression as to the discipline and instruction of the command was derived.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

C. C. WHITE,

Major Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infty. and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 23, 1865. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major-General POPE:

The detachment under Lieutenant Jenkins I ordered to go after Indians who committed Cow Creek depredations, and not to return until they found them, were successful in their fight with them between Cow Creek and Fort Larned. They punished Indians severely; thirteen dead warriors were left on the field, besides those carried off by Indians; recaptured lot of stock, and captured lot of their stock, buffalo robes, blankets, and camp equipage, and had five men wounded. Lieutenant Jenkins is entitled to great credit for his perseverance and energy.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 168. Saint Louis, Mo., June 23, 1865.

1. Companies K and M, Twelfth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, will report forthwith to Lieutenant Colonel D. F. Thielemann, assistant engineer at these headquarters, for duty, in charge of a pontoon train sent to Omaha, Nebr., and Loup Fork River. Upon being relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Thielemann, after the bridge is properly laid, these companies will be subject to the orders of Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding District of the Plains. The companies will obtain their arms at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., en route to Omaha. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation to Omaha by steamer.

* * * * *

3. That portion of the Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry Volunteers now serving in the District of North Missouri will at once proceed to

