
it is said, roaming about with arms in their hands, they must be required to surrender themselves and give up their arms. All such men will be paroled and a report rendered of their names, &amp;c., as well as the public property surrendered. You will also see that the negroes remain on their plantations and are not allowed to roam in idleness over the country. It is for their interest to remain so at present, and the proper authority must see that just compensation is paid them. It is only in this way that corps can be made this year. Negroes must not be allowed to come to this city, where there are too many already, unless passed by their employers, approved by the military authorities.

I am, sir, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., June 24, 1865-3 p. m. (Received 6. 15 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A consistent and harmonious administration of Indian affairs within my command renders it necessary that I should see and confer in person with yourself, the President, and the Secretaries of War and the Interior. The settlement of the Indian question will be greatly simplified if a satisfactory understanding can be reached between authorities mentioned. I think a full and frank conference, in which I can explain my views and purposes, will lead to such an understanding. I therefore ask as a matter of great moment on this subject that I be ordered to Washington for the purpose above mentioned.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS, AND POST OF LITTLE ROCK, Numbers 116. Little Rock, Ark., June 24, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The Thirty-fifth Missouri Infantry Volunteers and the Twelfth and Thirteenth Regiments Kansas Infantry Volunteers are hereby relieved from duty in the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps. The attention of commanding officers whose regiments are relieved from duty is called to paragraph 2, General Orders, Numbers 5, current series, from headquarters Post of Little Rock, and strict compliance with the same enjoined.

* * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General F. Salomon:

A. S. KENDRICK,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., June 24, 1865. (Received 4 p. m.)

Major-General POPE:

The Utes are getting very troublesome; are now near Craig's Ranch, south of Denver, killing people's cattle, and helping themselves to the property generally. This tribe heretofore has been friendly.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

