SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 169. Saint Louis, Mo., June 24, 1865.

* * * * *

2. All detachments of the Missouri State Militia serving in this department will forthwith rendezvous at Saint Louis, Mo., turn over all public property in their possession to the officers of the proper staff departments, and report to Colonel E. B. Alexander, chief mustering officer for the State of Missouri, for muster out in accordance with a telegram from the Adjutant-General's Office of date June 24, 1865. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

4. Upon the receipt of this order at headquarters District of North Missouri, or as soon thereafter as practicable, all public property and stores in the district not requisite for the supply of the troops stationed therein, will be shipped to Saint Louis, Mo., and turned over to the officers of the proper staff departments, and the District of North Missouri will thenceforth be discontinued. The district records will be forwarded to Captain R. A. Phelan at these headquarters. Bvt. Brigadier General George Spalding will report for duty to Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, commanding the District of North Kansas, at Fort Leavenworth, Kans. The general staff officers on duty in the district will report to their respective chief s for further orders. All detailed staff officers, aides-de-camp excepted, will report to their regimental commanders for duty. The counties heretofore comprising the District of North Missouri are hereby attached to the Saint Louis District, and the commanding officers of all troops will report accordingly. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation, including transportation for the authorized number of horses and servants.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 141. Saint Louis, Mo., June 24, 1865.

I. Pursuant to paragraph 4, Special Orders, Numbers 168, current series, Department of the Missouri, Company G, Fifty-first Missouri Volunteers, will proceed to Alton, Ill, to take charge of and preserve the military prison, barracks, &amp;c., at that place, after the public buildings shall have been vacated. The commanding officer of company while at that station will be subject to orders from these headquarters, and will forward the regular tri-monthly reports of his command on the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Williamson:

H. HANNAHS,

Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

MARYSVILLE, MARSHALL COUNTY, KANS., June 24, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at this place on the 22nd instant without incident worthy of note, unless raining

