HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,June 24, 1865-7 p. m.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Julesburg:

Brigadier-General Stagg's brigade are all on their way, with orders to push forward as rapidly as possible. One regiment of brigade has been on the road a week. Another brigade, Brigadier-General Tibbits commanding, is arming at Leavenworth, and will get off to You next week. Do You want more than two regiments of infantry?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 24, 1865.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Julesburg, Colo. Ter.:

Lieutenant Murrell reports that he found fifteen lodges of the Muache Utes, charged with killing the settlers' cattle, fifteen miles south of the Huerfano, near the Purgatoire road. Learned of another band of same number on the Apishapa. The chief said the rest, 400 in number, had gone up near the Spanish Peaks. They deny killing the cattle; say it was the Apaches; claim to have been with Colonel Carson against the Comanches; say they and Apaches are friendly to the whites and intend to remain so; say the latter killed the cattle to sustain life, game being scarce, and not being able to get to the buffalo range; that the interview was all that could be desired. Smith, t he scout, says settlers threaten to build a block-house, move their families into it, and protect themselves against the Utes. Five settlers on the Rio de Las Animals, by letter to these headquarters, dated at Gray's Ranch, Huerfano County, ask for arms that the settlers may protect themselves if troops cannot be sent. They say the Utes are trying to bring on a war, kill their cattle before their eyes, are insolent, and defy them. Copy of their letter furnished Governor Evans. Have not heard from Colonel Potter since Captain Cochrane's return.

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

J. S. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In the absence of the colonel commanding.)

GRAY'S RANCH, HUERFANO COUNTY, COLO. TER.,

June 24, 1865.

General GUY V. HENRY:

SIR: We, the undersigned citizens of Colorado Territory, and settlers on the Rio de Las Animals, would most respectfully call Your attention to our present helpless and dangerous situation. The Ute Indians are and have been for some weeks preying upon our already scanty supplies, and our lives are constantly in danger, as we have not the numerical strength nor the arms to resist their incursions and defend our families from their violence should they at any time suddenly break out. Will You protect us, or shall we be obliged to abandon our crops and leave the country? We feel satisfied that if it is in Your power You will protect us in the peaceable pursuits of a livelihood on our farms, and if it is

