
of to New Orleans, and will take post there. He will send two companies of his command with a field officer immediately and relieve the First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, now at that post. Upon being relieved the First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry will proceed at once to New Orleans, in order that it may be mustered out of service without delay. Colonel W. O. Fiske will turn over his ordnance and ordnance stores to the commanding officer of the post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La., June 25, 1865-6. 15 p. m.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

Last evening I telegraphed Lieutenant-Colonel Atkins to send a gun-boat up to Franklin with a company of the Eleventh U. S. Colored Artillery, and to ascertain what there was in the report of forty armed men being in that neighborhood. I have just received from him the following report. I had previously ordered Colonel Norton to send two companies to Franklin:

BRASHEAR CITY, June 25, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The citizens of Franklin are afraid to retire to their beds. Stores are broken into and ransacked nightly. Last evening two pistol bullets were fired through the house of Mrs. Hayes. One grazed her elbow, the other passed within two inches of her head. Some forty of the members of Bailie Vinson's company of scouts are the ringleaders, led by Bailie Vinson, who has sworn to kill everybody whoever favored the Yankees. Vinson and Lieutenant Bidell are the head of the gang. Some of the citizens have gone up to new Iberia to get assistance. Mayor Tucker says unless a provost-marshal and guard are sent them the citizens will have to leave the place. Vinson's men have all of their revolvers and many of their guns. It requires a good man for provost-marshal. I think Captain J. Horace McGuire is just the man - gentlemanly and determined. Please answer as soon as convenient what I shall do.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ROBERT T. ATKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Brazos Santiago, Tex., JUNE 25, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General RUSSELL,

Commanding Brigade at Indianola:

GENERAL: You will order the smallest regiment of Your command to Corpus Christi to garrison that point, relieving any troops of that corps that may be there or that may arrive in obedience to any orders that have heretofore been given. A copy of this order will be furnished to any troops of this corps now at Corpus Christi, or that may arrive there

