
from here. We have collected all of the ordnance stores that we can find or hear of in this neighborhood. I have just heard of a battery left by the rebels thirty-five miles from here, which I will send for to-morrow.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

G. F. McGINNIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 170. Saint Louis, Mo., June 25, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Brigadier General C. J. Stolbrand having reported at these headquarters, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 76, current series, headquarters Military Division of the Missouri, will proceed without delay to Fort Leavenworth, Kans., with his brigade, comprising the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Thirty-second Regiments Illinois Infantry Volunteers, and report for duty to Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, commanding the District of North Kansas. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 24. Warrensburg, Mo., June 25, 1865.

The undersigned, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 146, paragraph XIII, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, hereby relinquished command of this district.

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

POLE CREEK, June 25, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatches of the 19th, 21st, 23rd, and 24th just received. I will not require more than two full regiments of infantry. I have not decided who I shall leave in charge of overland line. I thought of leaving it as it now is - under sub-district commanders. I will be in constant communication with Laramie (by vedettes), where my adjutant will be and who understands my plans. A bridge across the Platte at Kearny, if it can be built, will be a great public benefit. I will leave the portable steam engine at Kearny. there is some timber in the vicinity. How long has General Tibbits' brigade to serve? No commissary stores yet. I am losing much valuable time for want of them.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

63 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT II

