
POLE CREEK, June 25, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatches of the 17th just received. Have the 600 horses with me. Will send report of colonels and brevet brigadier-generals immediately by mail. I hope the rumor is true of Indians congregating north.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Sumner, N. Mex., June 25, 1865.

Major WILLIAM H. LEWIS,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 22nd instant was received this evening, and I am directed by the general commanding to say that Your action as stated therein is approved by him. The Navajoes who ran away from the reservation have returned with the exception of a small party, not exceeding twenty-eight or thirty in number, as reported. Many are said to have died from starvation and want of water, and those who could get back were glad to do so, and it appears that all are now more contented than ever. The general desires that You send at once by express and order the troops detailed from Forts Wingate, Craig, Selden, and Las Cruces back to their respective posts. Captain Shinn, with the troops from Albuquerque and Fort Stanton, will remain out until further orders. If it happen that citizen parties are in the field they should be informed that they can return to their homes. It is believed by many officers here that these Navajoes have been tampered with by men who for political purposes have opposed the reservation and would be willing to see the interests of the country suffer, provided they would advance their own.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Albuquerque, N. Mex., June 25, 1865.

Captain ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit report of Don Ambrosia Armijo respecting the capture of three notorious highway robbers and murderers by Inez Perea, commanding company of New Mexico Militia Volunteers.

Respectfully, Your obedient servant,

FRANCIS McCABE,

Captain, First New Mexico Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 4, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the commanding officer at Albuquerque.

Give these arrested men a preliminary examination before the civil authorities. For this purpose cause them to be transferred entirely into the custody of those authorities. If it be decided that they shall be held for trial, and the prefect and sheriff of the county request You in

