
writing to hold them as prisoners, on account of the insecurity of the jail, until they can be tried by civil courts, You can receive them, provided they are fed by the said civil authorities; but they will not be held under any other conditions.

By order:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PROBATE COURT, COUNTY OF BERNALILLO, [N. MEX.,]

June 25, 1865.

Captain McCABE:

I have just received three of the most notorious thieves in the Territory, viz: Nicanor Bustos, Epigmenio Chavez, and Juan de Jesus Hualla, taken in Tapique by my company, under command of Don Inez Perea, who refers to Don Blas Lucero as having been the author of the act. I have sent them to the blacksmith to be ironed, and yet I fear that in consequence of the insecurity of the prisons they may escape, and I hope You will take them into Your custody. I wish that You would inform me whether or not the soldiers are arranged for to-night, and what we shall do with them.

I am, with much respect, Your obedient servant,

AMROSIO ARMIJO,

Captain of Company L, New Mexico.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1865-3. 30 p. m.

General SHERIDAN:

Commanding officers of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas are instructed that whilst they are not to endeavor private property by efforts to seize that heretofore claimed by the so-called Confederate states will aid the officers of the Treasury Department in protecting and bringing to market that already in Government possession or which was included in the surrender of the rebel armies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

(Same to Generals Schofield, Gillmore, and Thomas.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 170. New Orleans, La., June 26, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the District of Florida, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

8. Brigadier General J. F. Knipe, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in this department and will report in person to Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army.

9. The following-named officers, acting on the staff of Brigadier General J. F. Knipe, are hereby relieved from duty in this department and will accompany General Knipe on his departure: Captain O. B. Simmons,

