
Fifteenth U. S. Colored Infantry; Captain J. E. Montandon, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. FORCES, DEPT. OF THE GULF, Numbers 15. New Orleans, La., June 26, 1865.

The Ninth Indiana Cavalry is hereby transferred to the command of Brigadier General T. J. Lucas, to whom the commanding officer will report for orders.

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 198. New Orleans, June 26, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The Seventy-seventh U. S. Colored Infantry will take post at the Parapet. One company of the Twentieth U. S. Colored Infantry, to be designated by the commanding officer of the regiment, will take post at Chalmette, and will perform such escort and other duties as may be required at that point. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brevet Major-General Sherman:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, LA., June 26, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Div. of Louisiana, New Orleans:

Yours of yesterday is just received. I cannot believe Bailie Vinson is leading a gang of marauders. I believe when the affair is stripped down to single facts it will be found to be simply that some bad men formerly of his (Vinson's) command are robbing, as they have done before. The Iberville has gone up the Teche to take the two companies to Franklin. I will have the best man possible there as a post commander, but real suitable men are very scarce in this command at present who can be spared. Cavalry is needed on the Teche to catch and disarm the evil-disposed mounted men. I learn from Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson that he had paroled nearly 7000 men at New Iberia and Franklin, besides the reserve corps, which he did not parole; and that he received but thirty-five arms, showing that the whole country is armed and equipped for mischief. Cavalry is necessary to go about and pick up these arms.

Yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

