HEADQUARTERS LA Fourche DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., June 26, 1865.

Major W. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana:

SIR: I desire to call the attention of the brevet major-general commanding to my embarrassment on account of the present status of the troops in this district. A cavalry company is imperatively needed at New Iberia to catch mounted parties said to be armed and committing depredations throughout the country. They never can be caught with colored infantry. A company should also be stationed here and at Donaldsonville to answer calls of assistance and protection over a vast scope of country unoccupied by our forces. The Third Rhode Island Cavalry are stationed at Napoleonville, but they are concentrated under orders from higher authority, and I do not feel authorized to use them without permission. I think five companies of cavalry should be placed at my disposal for this district, and at least four are, I think, imperatively necessary. The Seventy-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry are concentrated at this point, and in a few days the Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry will be concentrated at Terre Bonne, under orders for the field. Before Your letter of the 23rd reached here the two companies of the First Louisiana Infantry were sent to Donaldsonville at the request of Colonel Fiske, as he informed me the regiment was expected to be mustered out under orders, their time expiring in August. Now, if consistent I would respectfully ask which of the three regiments are to remain here, that I may station them at such points as are desirable, and that I may from them organize a military commission to try some important cases now on bond, and a court-martial to try cases now awaiting. One of the three regiments named I respectfully ask to be left subject to my order.

I am, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, June 26, 1865-2. 45 p. m.

Major General J. POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

As soon as You can properly leave Your department come to Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, June 26, 1865-11 a. m.

Captain JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Brigadier-General Bussey, commanding at Fort smith, has been directed to suspend the muster out of the fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, if not yet accomplished. It is believed that the muster out has been effected, as orders were issued on the 7th instant. The distance between Forts Gibson and Smith required several days to be communicated.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

