
neighborhood, and it is not known if an attack is intended or not. I would feel much better satisfied if my force was larger. With my present available force, could not make much resistance against a heavy attack.

H. DOUGHERTY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 3, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have no exciting news to report. Colonel Gilbert is moving to Richmond with a mounted force of about 900 men, and must by this time have his pickets at the crossing of the Kentucky, between Boonesborough and Irvine. He is to place himself in communication with, and immediate control over, the two battalions at Irvine, which are not yet mounted.

Colonel Wolford, with an effective mounted force of 700 or 800 men, and who is temporarily under my command, by an order from General Boyle, is moving from Danville to Mount Vernon, with orders to communicate frequently with Irvine and Proctor.

Colonel Runkle has plenty of force with him, and is pursuing Cluke beyond Mount Sterling, I suppose. I think I have ascertained the facts about Marshall's reported advance into Kentucky. I receive very direct information that he moved eastward some two weeks ago, to take position at the Salt-Works near Abingdon, Va.

Letters on which Colonel Runkle forwarded his report of their advance were from men in his command, and were probably written by them while on the march, under the supposition that they were going into Kentucky through Pound Gap.

I telegraphed you this morning that Colonel Wolford had been ordered by General Ward to proceed to Carthage, Tenn., and asking you to have the order suspended for a few days. I would like him to remain near Mount Vernon until Cluke's movements are more fully developed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLARKSVILLE, March 4, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I suggest that, as the distance between Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers does not exceed 12 miles below Donelson and Henry, three or four gunboats be kept in this river between Donelson and Nashville, one leaving each place daily with supply of coal at this point and Donelson. This would obviate delay of boats at Donelson and Smithland, consequently great expense to Government, and keep the river clear.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 40. Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 4, 1863.

I. The following officers are assigned to duty as acting assistant inspectors-general at department headquarters, and will be respected

