
MURFREESBOROUGH, January 24, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

If you will take care of your part of the State, I am satisfied. If I cannot whip with what you send me, I will give up.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH, Corinth, Miss., January 24, 1863.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a statement of a few of the outrages committed upon citizens of Alabama by the Confederate troops. While all their leaders, from the President down, are boasting of their carrying on this war in accordance with the laws that govern nations in such cases, and are charging upon our troops all kinds of depredations and outrages, I think a few simple facts must put them to the blush, and make those parties and our press and people who are seconding the efforts of Davis to cast stigma upon us ashamed of the work they are doing. I will merely state what I know to be true. Abe Canade and Mr. Mitchell were hung two weeks ago for being Union men. They lived on the Hackelborough Settlement, Marion County, Alabama. Mr. Hallwork and daughter, of same county, were both shot for the same cause; the latter instantly killed. The former is yet alive, but will probably die. Peter Lewis and three of his neighbors were hunted down by one hundred bloodhounds and captured. The houses of Messrs. Palmer, Welsly, Williams, the three Wright-mens, and some thirty others were burned over their heads, the women and children turned out of doors, and the community notified that if they allowed them to go into other houses, or fed or harbored them in any manner, that they would be served the same. Mr. Peterson, living at the head of Bull Mountain, was shot, &amp;c. I am now feeding some one hundred of these families, who, with their women and children, some gray-haired old men, and even cripples on crutches, were driven out and made their way here, through the woods and by-ways, without food or shelter-all done for the simple reason they were Union men, or that they had brothers or relations in our army. The statements of these people are almost beyond belief, did we not have the evidence before us. I am informed by them that there are hundreds of loyal men and women in the woods of Alabama, waiting for an opportunity to escape.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Forts Henry and Donelson will hereafter belong to the Department of the Cumberland. At the present crisis it is difficult to withdraw general officers from the Army of the Potomac. I hope to send you some soon. General [G. P.] Cluseret is in arrest. If you knew him

