HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 6, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

General Sheridan's effective strength is 4,572; he has that number with him, exclusive of the cavalry. The brigade from General Johnson's division that went out with General Sheridan returned night before last, and General Sheridan has no brigade outside of his own divisions with him.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Brigade at Triune:

The general commanding directs you to take up a strong position at Triune, and throw up light earthworks, to enable you to maintain yourself against a considerable force of the enemy, should it be necessary. Five regiments from La Vergne have been ordered to join you with tools.

Select a good position with reference to roads, water, and a line of retreat.

Bring up supplies from your own camp.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FRANKLIN, TENN.,

March 6, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The artillery sent out with Colonel Coburn is now in my camp safe, and cavalry is back and entire. But three infantry regiments have, no doubt, been surrounded and destroyed or captured. Three regiments of General Baird's command have arrived, but there are no indications that the enemy intend to follow up has success. General Sheridan will do well to approach with caution Van Dorn's command; it is probably not less than 10,000 men, well trained and well handled; it has as many as six pieces of artillery, one which is of large caliber. We have 80 wounded; the loss in killed I will know in the morning, from the regiments which have returned. I send you a copy of a report sent to General Granger.

C. C. GILBERT,

Brigadier-General.

LA VERGNE, TENN.,

March 6, 1863-11.05 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

A courier, belonging to the cavalry detachment here, left Concord Church this morning. Just before he left, a courier came in from Gen-

