
eral Steedman's command, bringing information that General Steedman had a fight yesterday near Franklin with Van Dorn's command. The latter were driven back; some loss on both sides, but amount not reported. The major of the First Tennessee Cavalry was reported killed. These facts the courier says he obtained from the officer in command of the camp, but the latter sent no written communication, and I give the news as distinctly as I received it. Dispatch to Colonel Johnson received and forwarded to him.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 41. Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

The following rules for the government of ambulance service in this department will be observed in future:

I. There will be allowed to each regiment one two-hours ambulance, which will remain with, and be kept in order by, the regiment.

All ambulances now serving with regiments in excess of this allowance will be at once turned over to the chief quartermasters on duty with the corps, detached division, or brigade.

II. There will be allowed for each brigade ten ambulances, to be retained at corps headquarters, or at the headquarters of divisions or brigades were they are on detached service.

The chief quartermaster of army corps, detached divisions, or brigades will receipt for and be held responsible that these ambulances are kept in serviceable order. They will appoint an ambulance master for each train of then ambulances, who will have immediate supervision of the same. They will hold these trains in readiness to comply with requisitions form the medical directors of corps, divisions, or brigades.

III. As ambulances are issued to the army for the transportation of the sick and wounded, they will be used for that purpose only. Any person found using or causing ambulances to be used for hauling freight, or for personal conveyance, except by special written permission of the corps or detached commander, will be arrested and tried for disobedience of orders.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Reports from Governor Robinson and some of our most intelligent and reliable citizens indicate a probable invasion of Kentucky within the next twenty days by the forces of Morgan, Pegram, and Marshall. I don't credit them, but must be prepared, and, hence, cannot reduce my force, already too small, by sending the two regiments till they are replaced. The Governor fully credits the report. Morgan is to enter in western part of Kentucky, Marshall in eastern, and Pegram either with him or through Cumberland or Big Creek Gaps. Will have the two regiments ready to move as soon as yours arrive.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

