
NAVY DEPARTMENT, March 7, 1863.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Senior Commanding Officer, U. S. Navy, Cairo, Ill.:

The following is a copy a telegram, dated yesterday, just received by General Halleck from General Rosecrans:

Something must be done to secure convoys for our boats, or this army will be without supplies. We have gained nothing by the high river, in subsistence, for the last ten days, because our convoys are detained-only four little gunboats to do the work. If we cannot have some more help, we ought at once to have some more gunboats made.

You must take measures to convoy and protect the army transports, without waiting to communicate with Actin Rear-Admiral Porter. To do this, you are authorized to purchase a necessary number of satiable boats, and arm and equip them. If necessary, you can call on Commodore [Joseph B.] Hull, at Saint Louis, to assist you. The Department wants prompt and energetic steps immediately taken to give the necessary protection to the transports of General Rosecrans' army.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

MURFREESBOROUGH, March 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General BAIRD, Franklin:

Sheridan has orders to report to General Granger, at Franklin, tomorrow, with his division. I wish him to be posted east of the place, in a good military position, and within supporting distance, but with a view to be within supporting distance of Steedman, who will have reenforcements and earthworks thrown up soon. Tell General Granger to open communication with him early in the morning, and halt his column with this view. Cavalry communication must be kept open with both Steedman and Sheridan, without fail. Our cavalry will be between Steedman and Sheridan. Acknowledge receipt of this, and keep me fully advised of everything. I send this to you, because I want General Grager to sleep and get well.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CLARKSVILLE, March 7, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The rebel force firing on boats at Shoals is Colonel [L. S.] Ross' regiment. They have their headquarters at Kinderhook, near Williamsport, where Wheeler, Forrest, and Woodward are said to be. They are conscripting and stealing all the horses in the country. Many conscripts have come in, asking protection, which I gave. I shall watch them closely, and try and make attack on them.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Henderson, Ky., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE,

Commanding Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention to the condition of affairs in the district of the State included in my command, in order that you

