
may the better know what is necessary to be done in order to preserve the pence of this section of the country.

The counties between Green and Cumberland Rivers are now in a comparative state of peace. At this time no trouble is to be apprehended, except from small bans of guerrillas and returned rebel soldiers, who are committing depredations whenever they dare, but they are closely hunted out by my forces, not being allowed to concentrate. This season of the year is not favorable for the operations of eh guerrillas, as the leaves and undergrowth don't now afford a hiding place, and the weather is too unpleasant. But it has always been their threat that they would return in the spring. Last fall, when [Adam R.] Johnson and [T. G.] Woodward were driven out of the country, Johnson connected himself with Morgan and Woodward with Forrest, with the condition that when spring returned they would be permitted to bring their followers and other soldiers from this section back into he Green and Cumberland River country, and stir up the people anew to take up arms. I have lately received reliable and authentic information that such is their intention. The families and friends of those who are in the Southern army confidently expect their return, and they secretly boast that the whole country down to the Ohio will be in their power. Though it might be difficult for them to come back in large bodies, they can easily get through our for them to come back in large bodies, they can easily ge through our lines separately and in small bands, even with their guns, and without any difficulty with pistols. Their friends and sympathizers are almost one united body from this region all the way through Tennessee to the rebel lines. And then it must be borne in mind that this part of the State and Southwest is almost all rebel in its sympathies. However much this fact may be denied, I have seen, and am seeing daily, too many evidences of it. The guerrillas, when they return, if in any considerable numbers, will meet with a heavy welcome, and will be harbored and cared for by the people. There is policy for the Southern generals to permit them to return, to annoy the rear of the army and distract our forces.

Being in a considerable degree responsible for the peace of this region, and feeling satisfied that I have stated the danger correctly, I am anxious that I may be prepared to meet it. My command are throughtly acquainted with the country, its roads and by-ways, and the character of the guerrilla warfare.

When properly prepared, I feel myself able to contend with both Johnson and Woodward, and can keep the country clear from Green to Cumberland River. but I have at present only four companies of cavalry, and they very much reduced by sickness and hard service. My infantry will be almost useless against the guerrillas, unless they are mounted.

In my last interview with you, you stated that it was your intention to mount my own regiment (the Sixty-fifth Indiana). I desire that you would extend the order also to the Ninety-first Indiana, of my command, which I will in a few days have concentrated at Smightland. With the Ninety-first at Smithland, the Sixty-fifth and the four companies of cavalry properly disposed, and all well mounted, I will guarantee the protection of the country against Johnson and Woodward. My command being mounted, and thoroughly acquainted with the guerrilla warfare, whenever their presence is no longer necessary here, would be ready for any daring, dangerous, or expeditious service in any other quarters. I consider my command in a good state of discipline, and thoroughly imbued with the spirit and energy of the war, and can render good service to the State and country.

I should be pleased to hear from you on the object of mounting my

