
command, and if it can be done I would desire that it should not be delayed too longer, for in six weeks from this date I anticipate an active campaign in my district.

Very respectfully.

JOHN W. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 12, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Boyle, who has been authorized to mount 1,500 infantry in his district, and who would hasten, as far as possible, the purchase of the horses which the quartermaster's department at Louisville has been instructed to procure. Four hundred sets of horse equipments have been sent to Louisville from Saint Louis for this force. The rest will be supplied from here. Not more than one regiment should be taken from Colonel Foster's force for this purpose.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 8, 1863-9 p. m.

M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Please do your utmost to give me the very best business quartermaster you can for Nashville. Things are so working that we must have a larger depot there-a very large one. Time is precious. If we fail, it will be in the management of our transportation, an consequent failure to get supplies before the river falls. Orders and instructions are not the things. Power and energy, with system and business capacity, are what is now wanted.

Respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, commanding.

FRANKLIN, TENN., March 8, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

My cavalry advance still reports strong force in my front, and that Van Dorn, with one-half of his force, has gone to Triune to assist in fighting a battle there. I will ascertain what is in my front early tomorrow.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, TENN., March 8, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

My force are all here, and I have given the order to march in the morning. Have you any orders? There is a rumor that Van Dorn has evacuated Spring Hill and gone in the direction of Chapel Hill, with the view of swinging around on Triune. Do you consider Triune safe with its present force in case Van Dorn has moved in that direction?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

