
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 43. Murfreesborough, Tenn, March 8, 1863.

I. The general commanding finds within his lines many helpless and suffering families, whose natural protectors and supporters are in arms against us-these people need food, clothing, and protection, which it is neither our duty nor in our power adequately to provide-many others whose sympathies and connections are such as to surmount all the obligations that arise from their permission to remain within outlines, for biding them to communicate with the enemy or act as spes against us. The residence of these persons within our lines not only continually endangers us, but heir own integrity and personal safety. It is therefore ordered that, first, all whose sympathies and connections are such that they cannot give the assurance that they will conduct themselves as peaceable citizens, shall hold themselves in readiness to go south of our lines within ten days from the date of notice.

II. They will be permitted to take with them all their personal effects, not contraband of war. They will apply to the nearest provost-marshal or commanding officer for the requisite passes, and will be required to give assurance that they have taken no contraband of war.

III. Persons thus going south, who shall thereafter enter our lines without permission, will be regarded and treated as spies.

IV. All who acknowledge their obligations as citizens of the United States; all who give, by the non-combatant's oath and bond, or in any other satisfactory manner, the requisite assurance that they will behave themselves as peaceable citizens, may remain at home, following their usual avocations, subject to military orders and regulations.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 8, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: There is an actual, but not well-defined, fear of an invasion of Kentucky, within the next twenty or thirty days, by a strong force of the rebels. No information I have been able to obtain makes this at all certain; yet the act that all the invasions which have hitherto occurred have been foreshadowed by just such rumors makes me cautious. The programme, so far as my intelligence goes, is that Pegram and Marshall are to enter by the Pund Gap, and, perhaps, Cumberland and big Creek Gaps, and that about the same time Morgan is to enter in your vicinity, either to the right or left of Nashville. While I do not credit these rumors as regards present invasion, I am sure it will be attempted whenever the roads become practicable, and I therefore give you the information. Should an invasion be attempted beyond the power of my slender force to successfully oppose, I shall, of course, look to you for aid. In this you are as much interested as myself, since your communications are through and dependent upon the Department of the Ohio. I have sent to you every man not needed for the defense of the State during the winter, while the roads are bad, and an invasion in force next to impossible. Please, therefore, so dispose of your forces that you can afford me the requisite aid, if any is needed. I need not

