
say that the preservation of Kentucky from serious inroads of the rebels is of the utmost importance to our cause.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 8, 1863.

Colonel C. J. WALKER,

Tenth Kentucky Cavalry:

I am in receipt of your communication of yesterday, giving the report of 2,000 of Morgan's and Marshall's command being near Owingsville. Whatever force may be there, I do not believe that Morgan's or Marshall's is, as I know that a portion of Morgan's force was int eh fight at Franklin, Tenn., a few days since, and I firmly believe that Marshall's is at or near the salt-works near Abingdon, Va. A more probable way to account for any rebel force in Bath is that Cluke did not go out via Hazle Green, but has been per du in the hills for some days.

You are authorized to retain the detachment of the One hundredth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers Infantry, and the section of mountain howitzers which was sent out with them, until this last report is exploded or confirmed, if you desire it. When do you want rations?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 8, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding District of Eastern Kentucky:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 1st instant, reporting that you had sent out a force of infantry and cavalry to intercept at or near Prestonburg the forces of the enemy, whom you supposed might retire in that direction from Mount Sterling [is received]. I am directed by Major-General Wright to inform you that information was not given you, since it was supposed the enemy would be driven out long before intelligence could reach you, but it is possible that the forces so promptly sent may be in time to render signal service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 9, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Franklin:

Your movements must be left mainly to your own discretion, as your report of the situation is necessarily meager. The general commanding thinks you might post a brigade at Spring Hill, and, after you are satisfied that there is no considerable rebel force toward Columbia,

