
you might move with your main force upon Raleigh Hill, and find certainly where the enemy has gone. If southward, he may be pushed into the river.

From Raleigh Hill, if you find you have force enough to cover Franklin safely, the general commanding desires you to send Sheridan with his division back to this place, either by way of Chapel Hill and Unionville or by way of Riggs' and Ealgeville. Triune is now secured by Davis, who is at Eagleville, supported by Granger, near Versailles.

With this statement of facts and wishes, the movement is left to yourself. As soon as you return to Franklin, push forward the fortifications.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 9, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to order the two brigades of General Davis' division now at Salem to march at daylight toward Versailles. The remaining brigade of the same division, with the exception of a detail sufficient to strike the tents and pack the baggage of the whole division, will start as early as possible to join the other two. See that the division has three days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition. When the advanced brigades have reached the junction of the Eagleville and Versailles roads, they will observe Eagleville, and, if battle is opened in the direction of Triune, they will at once move forward and engage, at the same time informing General Granger, whose division will follow, and support Davis. The primary object of this order is to relieve the position of General Steedman at Triune, who is expected to be attacked by a part of the force of Van Dorn, possibly strengthened by three brigades of infantry from Shelbyville. It is intended that General Davis' division shall act as a unit so soon as the several brigades can be joined. A brigade from General Wood will occupy Salem when General Granger advances beyond it, and will take orders from you. Send a brigade of Johnson's to observe the Shelbyville pike with a sufficient support. Walker's brigade will advance on the Manchester pike. It will be well to have all the tents struck and baggage packed ready for a march. Cation your division commanders to keep up constantly communication with your headquarters. Report frequently to these headquarters. There is not a moment to lose.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

General Davis writes from near Versailles, at 4 p. m., as follows:

My advance has reached Versailles. No enemy has been seen, no can I hear of any. I shall be in position at Versailles in one hour from this time. I have heard no firing

