
Davis says Van Dorn left College Grove yesterday, coming in the direction of Chapel Hill, and thinks he has put himself between Columbia and Franklin.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, March 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIS,

Commanding at Triune:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that if, in your judgement, you have accomplished the object of your expedition (which was to relieve Steedman's front, and cut up any inferior force of the enemy close by), you will retire to the Salem pike, and take the position indicated in the letter of instructions sent you yesterday. You will fall back either tomorrow or the next day, as the position of affairs in your front, the condition of the roads, or other circumstances may determine.

Report frequently to these headquarters, and keep General Granger informed of your movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 45. Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 11, 1863.

I. Corps commanders will provide, by suitable orders, the means of regularly supplying forage rations and quartermaster's stores to the batteries of their commands.

II. Chiefs of artillery of corps will verify, by a personal inspection at least once a month, the inspection reports of division chiefs of artillery, and will make a special report of the chief of artillery at these headquarters of the condition of each battery, suggesting necessary changes or improvements in equipments or ammunition. The management of battery horses will receive their special attention.

III. Light batteries attached to divisions will not, as a general rule, be assigned to brigades; but those batteries now reporting to brigade commanders, will continue to do so, subject to be withdrawn by order of the division commander.

IV. The batteries composing the artillery reserve will be under the command of an artillery officer assigned to that duty, who will report direct to these headquarters, subject, however, to the direction of the commanding officer in whose lines the command is placed.

V. Officers and enlisted men of batteries will not be detailed on duty which will separate them from their companies, except in special cases, and by orders from these headquarters.

VI. On the march, the cannoneers will not be allowed to ride on the artillery carriages, but will march by the side of their pieces, opposite their posts, nor will any baggage, save the knapsacks of the cannoneers, be carried on the carriages. Battery commanders will see of the enforcement of this order; and they, as well as the chiefs of artillery, will cause all unauthorized articles to be thrown off. Brigade and division commanders will see that these orders are enforced.

