
would be, and that he had better start as soon as these instructions are received, taking with him a small escort. Every precaution to preserve the animals and procure them forage and rest should be taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

(Copy sent to Colonel C. J. Walker, commanding at Mount Sterling, Ky.)

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 14, 1863.

Colonel C. J. WALKER,

Commanding Mount Sterling:

The brigadier-general commanding directs me to state that he sends you to-day two hundred and fifty stand of Enfield rifles, with accouterments and ammunition complete, for a portion of the Tenth Kentucky Cavalry. They go in charge of Major Purington, Second Battalion Ohio Cavalry, who is ordered to report to you, with his battalion, for duty.

The general commanding has directed the commanding officer at Richmond to send out from Irvine and expedition to Hazle Green against Cluke. You should confer with the commanding officer of this expedition at Irvine,and arrange, in an order, the details of the project. The expedition will be under your orders. Communicate with the commanding officer at Irvine, and give instructions. The general's opinion is that the force you have now, with Major Purington's battalion, will be ample. The expedition from Irvine will comprise 400 to 600 men, armed with rifles. You should take four or five days' rations with you from Mount Sterling. The force at Irvine will not leave without orders from you. The fore may advance on the road from Irvine to Hazle Green, in order to get forage, where it will await instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 15, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If the present pleasant weather continues a short time, the condition of the roads and rivers will render an invasion of Kentucky by the rebels possible, and such an invasion will be likely to occur, as has been indicated in previous communications. To resist such an attempt, if one an important scale, I have not the force at my command, and therefore earnestly advise that any troops at the disposal of the Government, say 10,000 men, be sent to Kentucky with all possible dispatch. Cannot troops be sent here from Wisconsin or some of the other Northwestern States; if not, form the East? A dispatch just received from General Rosecrans makes me uneasy in regard to both his position and my own. Will write more in detail by mail, but action should not be delayed on this brief statement. See my letters already forwarded.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

