
of my request. I am not covetous of personal favors. I have never yet made one request in which the public interest was not in my judgement first consulted; but I hate injustice, and retreat that it is a duty I owe to the Government to lay these facts before you, asking that from the chief himself which for some reason seems not elsewhere to be accorded me.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 16, 1863-11 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The colonels of the Fourth Missouri and First Wisconsin Cavalry have requested to be assigned to this department. This request is forwarded and approved by General Davidson, who says these regiments are at Iron Mountain, with but little to do, and thinks they can be spared without injury to the service. I am in great need of cavalry, and I respectfully ask that these regiments be sent to men.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 16, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Washington:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War, you will resume command of the Ninth Army Corps, and immediately relieve General H. G. Wright of the command of the Department of the Ohio. One division of the Ninth Army Corps will be left, for the present, in the command of General Dix, and the other two divisions will immediately proceed to the Department of the Ohio. You will arrange with the Quartermaster-General for transportation. This order will be shown to General Dix, as authority for detaching the two divisions from his command. As soon as you have made the proper arrangements, you will repair to Cincinnati and assume command of the department, leaving the officer next in rank will at present be regarded as confidential.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 16, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

You must permit me, if possible for you to do so, to keep the two Michigan regiments awhile, and also the Second Ohio Cavalry, or Kentucky will be overrun, without my having the means to prevent it. A few more days of this fine weather, and the roads will be practicable for the enemy's movements into Kentucky, and these troops are absolutely indispensable here. The One hundred and sixth and One hun-

