
according to his orders. Is the river fordable at Burkesville or Hartsville? He desires also to know if your infantry force cannot easily prevent any danger of their crossing, and wishes you to make inquiry up the road to know where Johnson's cavalry is.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITION, Hamburg, January 26, 1863.

Brigadier General GREENVILLE M. DODGE,Commanding District of Corinth:

The scout you forwarded dispatch by has just arrived. His information concerning the movements of Roddey conflicts with the latest news I have. My latest is that the Savannah force had begun to fall back from there Saturday evening, and continued until last evening. They went first to Lebanon [Lexington], and then toward Florence. They had pickets out across the river, and this afternoon the cavalry (dismounted) I had placed over to watch for them, fired upon, and the gunboats threw some shell among them, and drove them off. I think, from all I can learn, that we must meet with this force along the river as I go up, and hope to bag them.

All the commissary stores were shipped off by the first trains, so that the regiments I have will need rations, if I should be out longer than day after to-morrow; and would it not be well to have two days' rations for, say, 950 men? Meet us, if I should be detained and not be able to leave here or return to Corinth, by day after to-morrow. Will send courier as soon as I get back from up-river movement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. RICE,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-The trains I sent with hay were loaded with four or five bales to the team, and the drivers must know what has become of it.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 27, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Cipher dispatch, dated 27th, received. Dispatched by General Thomas, in my name. Asked for two brigades, two batteries, and all the cavalry, with pack-animals, to be sent at once by boats to Clarksville; then disembark and sweep the country east of Tennessee, north of Duck River, and south of Cumberland to this place. Come as near this as you can. Instructions will meet the commander at Clarksville. Advise me fully of all movements. Have them bring shelter tents for field service, and put their baggage in store.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

CLARKSVILLE, January 27, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Matters are quiet here. I have information that they design attacking me in force. I would like to have two rifled pieces to put in my fort--two siege guns. There are 30 boats here now and 3 gunboats.

