
which will explain the apparent delay in its not being forwarded at an earlier date.* I also inclose a statement of the stations of the troops reported in this return during the battle of Stone's River.+

The Anderson Cavalry, Fifteenth Pennsylvania, not reported on this return, as no reports had been received. Three hundred of the regiment were in the battle; the remaining 700 were under guard at Nashville, for mutiny.

The statement shows an aggregate of 42,500 engaged on December 31. Two additional brigades arrived on the night of the 31st, which participated in the battle during the succeeding days.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

PADUCAH, March 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Commanding:

I have to thank you for the efficient co-operation of your cavalry. The conscription and organization of rebel forces in the counties of Kentucky and Tennessee west of the river is broken up. I have re-occupied Fort Heiman, and leave a sufficient garrison there, Colonel C. W. Griggs commanding.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 19, 1863-3 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I had taken all the boats on the river for General Rosecrans to supply his necessities, and they are not sufficient. General Hovey, now here on part of General Grant, represents his necessities for steamers as of the most pressing urgency. Shall I use my judgment in sending part of the boats turned over to General Rosecrans' service to General Grant?

Please answer at once.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 19, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Use your own judgment, and send to General Grant all the boats you can.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GENERAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 19, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: My last advices from East Tennessee leave very little doubt in my mind that the project of invading Kentucky with a large

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XX, Part II, p.283.

+ Not found.

---------------

