
rebel force has been very materially modified within the last week or ten days. Pegram's force has been greatly diminished by detachments sent to Knowville and North Carolina; and I doubt if the enemy expect to gain possession during the approaching summer of any of the best portion of this State.

I send to-morrow a strong scouting party toward the gaps, to suppress bands of prowling rebels, distribute ammunition to the Union men among the mountains, and gain additional information. I expect to see you next Monday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 25, 1863.

Copy of General Gillmore's letter and inclosed copy of his telegram, received at the same moment, are respectfully referred to the Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army, for the information of the General-in-Chief.

The letter and telegram will explain the vagueness of the information on which I am compelled to act.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

LEXINGTON, KY., March 21, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Colonel Wolford says 3,500 rebels are at Stigall's Ferry, on the Cumberland, ready to cross. I shall re-enforce him with four regiments of infantry. Send forward immediately all the troops you can spare. Wolford will fight them. Carter or myself will go to the front at once.

GILLMORE.

LOUISVILLE, March 19, 1862 .

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Dispatch received from Lebanon says that Lieutenant [William] Bolen, just from Jamestown, says 400 rebels crossed Cumberland River at Rowena yesterday, and large force reported on the other side. Lieutenant-Colonel Boyle was sent in that region with battalion, but suppose he has gone up the Cumberland on this side.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, March 19, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE:

If rebels have crossed at Rowena, with designs of raid, they will probably advance by way of Columbia, and thence, by Campbellsville, to Lebanon or by Greensburg to the railroad. As soon as you get definite information of their movements, if as above supposed, draw back the force at Glasgow to intercept at Greensburg or Campbellsville, if you are strong enough and in time; and, if not, by most practicable route to their left, so as to combine your force higher up to cover Lebanon and

