
the railroad, and withdraw any of the Ninth Kentucky at Lebanon. I don't believe in any serious raid in this weather small one must be crushed. Keep me advised, and warn your mounted troops to be ready to move on shortest notice. Advise Gillmore of any movement. I have no infantry regiment to give you in place of the Thirty-fourth, but you can exchange it for any other in your district.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, March 19, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Rebels captured passenger train this afternoon near Mitchellsville, Tenn. Colonel Streight had men on the train and gave fight. Were fighting at last accounts. General Judah telegraphs he had sent 200 re-enforcements. Train thrown off the track. I am more than anxious to have an additional regiment here. It is important. Can Colonel [John S.] Casement come?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 53. Murfreesborough, Tenn., March 19, 1863.

I. All commanders of posts in this department and every officer commanding an outpost, scouting party, or expeditionary force will hereafter when not absolutely impracticable, forward a daily report, by telegraph, courier, or by mail, direct to these headquarters, containing a summary of all movements of the enemy in their vicinity, and of all important information which they may have gathered from deserters, prisoners, citizens, or other sources. They will also forward all letters and papers from rebel sources which may fall into their hands. Daily reports must be made, even though only to state that nothing of interest has transpired. Enterprising officers can greatly enhance the interests of the service by diligently using the means of information within their reach. The instructions in regard to direct reports to these headquarters are not to be understood to interfere with the customary reports from officers to their immediate commanders. Such reports will be made as heretofore.

II. All regiments and batteries serving in this department who have not on file at their headquarters perfect copies of their muster-in rolls will immediately apply to the adjutants-general of their States for certified copies. If they cannot be obtained from that source, application will be made to the Adjutant-General of the Army, accompanies by a statement that unsuccessful application has been made to the State authorities. Should any muster-in rolls be hereafter lost or destroyed, immediate steps will be taken, as herein indicated, to replace them.

III. Major W. H. Sidell, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, is relieved from duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, but will continue on duty at Nashville, Tenn., as mustering and disbursing officer.

IV. Lieutenant W. L. Porter, Fifty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant James K. Reynolds, Sixth Ohio Volunteers, are announced as acting aides-de-camp to the general commanding, and will be respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

