
LEXINGTON, March 21, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

Colonel Wolford telegraphs from Stanford this evening that no enemy has crossed the Cumberland yet. The small Ohio regiment have arrived.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Operator says they have later news to the effect of rebels crossing and capturing 8 of our pickets.

LOUISVILLE, March 21, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The steamer Dunlieth is here, ready to start for Memphis and Vicksburg, served with order from you to report to General Hovey at Mount Vernon. Could it not be allowed to go on with the sanitary stores with which it is needed by General Hovey? The sanitary board is anxious about it. It is reported to me that she has papers from General Grant exempting her from seizure, for purpose of bringing sanitary stores.

Answer.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, March 21, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

I again urge the sending of a division of troops with gunboats up the Cumberland River. Enemy are in force on river opposite Somerset.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

CARTHAGE, TENN., March 21, 1863.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough:

I cannot send daily reports, as I have only a few horses, and it takes all of them to escort the mail down one day and back the next. I cannot establish a courier line unless I have cavalry to keep the enemy from coming on this of the river. The rebels taken all the horses from this section of the country, except old brood-mares, fillies, &amp;c. Were my men mounted on these, in any movement requiring expedition, I would have to dismount and go afoot. I was never completely beat out before, but I have to acknowledge that I can do nothing against this cavalry with my infantry. I cannot entrap them in any possible way, for they have their spies and scouts all over this country, and I can make no movement without their being apprised of it before I can get to them with my infantry, and then, if it is not to their advantage to fight me, they get out of the way. They have no baggage or trains to detain them from making rapid movements.

I have seventy days' complete rations here, 150 rounds of ammunition for small-arms, and 200 rounds for battery.

I sent boat up the river yesterday, 43 miles; returned this evening,

