
bringing some 500 bushels of corn and 600 bushels of wheat. The boats were attacked last night or this morning by several hundred cavalry. They did no damage. There are no supplies on the south side of the river amounting to anything.

Who is "Tinker Dave" Beatty?

What amount of supplies shall I accumulate here? I can get no answers to my dispatches to you. The boats leave in the morning for Nashville.

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 13. Murfreesborough, March 21, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced on the staff of the major-general commanding the Fourteenth Army Corps: Lieutenant Colonel George E. Flynt, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel A. von Schrader, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel A. J. Mackay, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Paul, chief commissary; Major William E. Lawrence, chief of artillery; Surg. William Clendenin, medical director; Major O. A. Mack, senior aide-de-camp; Captain J. P. Willard, aide-de-camp; Captain Sanford C. Kellogg, aide-de-camp; Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan Volunteers, provost-marshal, commanding provost guard; First Lieutenant J. D. Barker, First Ohio Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp, commanding escort; signal officers, acting aides-de-camp, First Lieutenant J. L. Hollopeter, Forty-ninth Ohio Volunteers; First Lieutenant J. S. Lutz, Tenth Indiana Volunteers; Second Lieutenant A. K. Taylor, Third Ohio Volunteers; Second Lieutenant G. W. Landrum, Second Ohio Volunteers; Second Lieutenant T. J. Kelly, Tenth Ohio Volunteers, Second Lieutenant William Quinton, Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers; Second Lieutenant J. H. Connelly, Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, Second Lieutenant John Bachtell, Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers, and Second Lieutenant H. C. Jones, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers.

By order of Major-General Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

FRANKLIN, March 22, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

My pickets have just captured two of Van Dorn's scouts. From them I learn that Hindman is 2 miles this side of Springs Hill; that Wheeler is to advance upon Triune. Morgan is also turning your left. The combined movement of their columns is intended upon your communications with Nashville, and a movement into Kentucky. It is not their object to attack either Franklin or Triune, but to pass rapidly between them. Wheeler and Van Dorn, it is believed, are supported by infantry. Can't we draw them in and gobble them up?

I give you these reports for what they are worth. There can be no doubt but important movements are being made.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

