
FRANKLIN, March 22, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

I have reliable information that Van Dorn, with his whole force, is again at and in the vicinity of Springs Hill. I have two reports-one saying that this movement was ordered by Bragg, to cover his retreat from Tullahoma; the second report, that it is a combined movement upon Murfreesborough. I am inclined to doubt this latter report, unless their forces from Knowville and Hawkins County are already moving into Kentucky. If this be true, it is quite probable that a partial demonstration will be made along our entire front. So far as my outer front is concerned, our cavalry will disclose it to-morrow.

I would again suggest that one of Mitchell's brigades, with a battery, be posted at Brentwood, and that Steedman be held in readiness to support me, if necessary.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, March 22, 1863-Midnight.

Brigadier General JAMES B. STEEDMAN:

It is just reported by telegraph from Major-General Granger, at Franklin, that the rebel forces are advancing upon him from Spring Hill, and that this is but a part of a general movement against you, and perhaps against our whole front. Another report says that it is the purpose of the rebels to pass rapidly between Triune and Franklin, and cut off our communications and aid the movement into Kentucky. The danger is, no doubt, exaggerated, but there is quite probably some such movement intended by the enemy. Keep open the communication with us and with Franklin. Get three days' cooked rations ready, and prepare for a movement. You may be called to aid Granger, and, on the other hand, it may be necessary for you to fall back on Nolensville or La Vergne. Put yourself in perfect readiness for immediate operations in any direction, or fighting where you are. Find out what is in your front and flanks, and let us hear from you often.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, March 22, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

General Fry telegraphs from Stanford that 700 rebel cavalry are moving in direction of Huntonsville and 700 in direction of Stanford. Colonel Hoskins telegraphs from Lebanon 2,000 rebels at Somerset and 5,000 on other side of the river. I do not consider the latter reliable.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 22, 1863.

Brigadier Gen . Q. A. GILLMORE, Lexington, Ky.:

Boyle telegraphs me, as coming from Fry, that 700 rebels are moving in direction of Huntonville and 700 on Stanford. Have instructed Boyle

