
One went up last night without reporting. Will send fleet forward to night, unless otherwise ordered. General Granger has not yet arrived. Rebels are on south side of river, near Shoals. Reported 5,000 strong, with eight pieces of artillery. Will keep you advised. I keep strong pickets at Shoals, on this side. Rebel cavalry are on south side, in view.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CLARKSVILLE, January 27, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Wheeler's and Forrest's forces are between Charlotte and Shoals. The gunboat Lexington was up to Shoals to-day. Had three cannon balls strike her. Rebels were shelled out. They are collecting such supplies as the country affords. Fifth Iowa Cavalry captured a few of their wagons yesterday and carried them to Donelson.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LA VERGNE, January 27, 1863.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT, Chief of Staff:

Captain Scott, First Ohio, in command of scouting party, ordered by me from Stewardsborough this morning, reports no enemy at Triune. Had moved toward Shelbyville. Forrest's command went last night to Eagleville. Wheeler encamped at Poplar Grove, 4 or 6 miles beyond Triune. Both parties supposed to have been ordered to Shelbyville. A sergeant and 5 men, who sent to Wilkinson's Cross-Roads this morning, report no enemy there, but that a considerable quantity of cotton was burned last night between the cross-roads and the Murfreesborough pike--by whom was not ascertained.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT HENRY, January 27, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I am in receipt of the following, deemed reliable:

Forrest and Wheeler, reported 7,000 strong, are near Charlotte, tending to above Clarksville and Harpeth Shoals, the object being to watch for transportation and decoy Colonel Bruce across, so that Morgan can dash into Clarksville. A scouting party from my command captured some prisoners and teams loaded with meat for Forrest. Roads almost impassable.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, January 27, 1863.

Major GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

No gunboats arrived yet. The gunboat Lexington made a reconnaissance from Clarksville to the Shoals this morning. Was struck

