
to send the Ninth [Kentucky] Cavalry to Danville if report is confirmed. Get your mounted men together, so as to be able to operate in mass. Have you any intelligence from Mount Sterling?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 22, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN P. RUNKLE, Richmond:

In reply to your dispatch of yesterday, the brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that the guard at the Boonesborough, Clay's and Tate's Creek Feries were sent there to erect defenses, and should not be taken away. Order them to carry out their instructions from Captain [Thomas B.] Brooks, engineer of this district.

Dispatches just received from Paris indicate that at least one-half of Cluke's force has doubled on Colonel [C. J.] Walker, returned to Mount Sterling, and captured the ineffective and baggage which the colonel left there. Send another courie (or two of them with duplicate dispatches) after Colonel Walker and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, with my orders to return. They can accomplish nothing where they are. Unless there be strong reasons to the contrary, the whole force (Walker's and Wilson's) should return to Richmond by way of Irvine. The force at Irvine should come in with them, with the exception of a small force to guard the feries and keep the boats on the north side of the river. If Cluke's band at Mount Sterling attempts to escape, it will be by way of the Kentucky feries. Look out for them, and forward these orders to Colonels Walker and Wilson without delay. The rebels have crossed the Cumberland, and the Somerset operator has again run away. Keep Clay's Ferry in order, and be ready to move at a moment's notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, March 22, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

General Granger, from Franklin, reports that Van Dorn, with his whole force, is at Spring Hill; that some reports are that a combined movement is to be made on our whole front, and some say a movement to cut our rear and get into Kentucky. Whatever it may be, it is well to be prepared.

Order your troops o have hereafter on hand in haversacks three days' rations, and have your stores and transportation in order for moving your camp and for battle.

Notify Johnson and Sheridan, who might push a reconnoitering party down your front on Shelbyville pike to-morrow. If there is anything important, it will develop itself early. Be on your guard.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, March 23, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Franklin:

You will see that your position is to be held against any but an overwhelming force, which I see no reason to expect on that front. Should

