
rather suppose this is a threat on you, to cover a move on the river at Harpeth Shoals, which you may be obliged to punish, having Steedman's aid if it can be so managed.

See that your communication to the rear and with Steedman are good, as well as with us here.

If it becomes evident that you are advanced upon by a force you cannot, resist, develop that force as fully as possible, and retire, when obliged to do so, on Nashville, with the greatest steadiness and persistency, leaving nothing for them to capture.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD:

Dispatch received. Johnson and Sheridan will be notified immediately of Van Dorn's whereabouts, and will be prepared. Johnson is at Salem with two brigades. Will carry out orders, and be on guard.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, March 23, 1863-1.35 a.m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Twenty-first Corps:

GENERAL: A telegram has been received from Major-General Granger, stating that a large rebel force is advancing upon Franklin, and that he has learned from scouts and prisoners that this is part of a movement along our whole front; that Morgan is to turn our left flank, while Van Dorn attempts Franklin. It is impossible to say now how much credit is to be attached to these reports, but there is enough probability in them to demand great vigilance on our part. It is supposed that these movement have more special reference to Kentucky than to his army; and it is not improbable that a considerable force may be moving around out left to enter that State. The general commanding desires you to inform General Hazen of these reports, and direct him and all other commanders of your corps at a distance from camp to hold themselves in readiness for any possible emergency.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CARTHAGE, TENN., March 23, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

My boats were attacked as they went down, by guerrillas, and, in fact, they are fired into almost every time they leave here. I send an expedition down to Hartsville and vicinity to-night. I understand there is a force there on the watch for my mail.

Should the whole proceedings of a court-martial be sent to the commanding

11 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

