
general for him to promulgate, or only select those cases that I cannot approve, such as the dismissal of commissioned officers, &amp;c.?

A few of my men have straggled out in the country since I first arrived here, and have got citizens to give them paroles, and then have gone on home. What can be done with those cases?

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 23, 1863.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Tuesday, 17th, gunboat Orient left Nashville for Carthage. She went as convoy to the steamers Commerce, Lizzie Martin, and Cottage. The steamers took 320 tons or 250,000 rations for the command at Carthage. They skirmished with guerrillas for 20 miles, but sustained no damage. All the boats have returned to Nashville this morning.

J. D. STUBBS,

Captain and Quartermaster.

NASHVILLE, March 23, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

May I advise you to fortify, and organize Gillmore into a central mobile column, with every spare scout and force to back him? Drive all the cattle, horses, and mules before the command; strip the State of means of supporting the enemy; fortify with all negro and other workmen you can command, and store at central points.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 23, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Carter telegraphs from Danville that Colonel Wolford reports from 5,000 to 10,000 rebel infantry near Somerset, and large force behind them.

Yours,

BOYLE.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 23, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

GENERAL: On assuming command of the Department of the Ohio, one of the first things to which your attention will be called is the expected raid of the enemy from East Tennessee intO Kentucky. That it is also very probable that he will attempt, a raid into Kentucky as soon as the season is sufficiently advanced to make the roads practicable; but I do not think that the forces already collected amount to more than a few thousand, as the armies of Generals Rosecrans and Grant have in their fronts nearly all the troops that are available in the Southwest. Three plans will suggest themselves to you for counteracting

