
of the necessary guards at the camps of prisoners, all troops should be, immediately brought into the field. You will receive numerous and urgent solicitations to retain troops in various parts of these States for the purpose of overawing and restraining disloyalists, &amp;c. You will find, however, that these representations are made to subserve some local or private interest, and should not be yielded to. Partly for the same reasons, and partly from the real fears of loyal persons, you will be solicited to establish garrisons in nearly every town in Kentucky. To satisfy all these local solicitations would require an army of 100,000 men. In regard to your treatment of the inhabitants of Kentucky, you will be guided by your own good judgment; occurring events will cause this treatment to vary at different times and in different localities. My own views upon this subject are pretty fully set forth in my letter of the 5th instant to Major-General Rosecrans, a copy of which is inclosed herewith.* These views are formed from my own experience in Missouri and Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LEXINGTON, KY., March 23, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Our pickets, 1 mile in front of Stanford, are fighting Colonel Wolford. Scouts report the enemy 7,000 cavalry and three regiments of infantry. I have ordered General Carter to retire behind Dick's River, and dispute the passage of that stream. I shall commence fortifying this place to-morrow morning. Have you any more troops for me, or can General Boyle spare any?

GILLMORE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 23, 1863.

General A. C. FULLER, Springfield, Ill.:

I have intelligence that the rebels are entering Kentucky in considerable force, and we shall want all the troops we can get. Please hasten movement of the Fourteenth Cavalry as much as possible. Paymaster might accompany it, and pay it in Kentucky; also the battery. Any other troops should be sent to Louisville at once.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 23, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I believe that the enemy are advancing in heavy force on Danville. I have just telegraphed you the information last received from General Carter, commanding in that vicinity, namely, that Colonel Wolford's scouts estimate the enemy's strength at 7,000 cavalry and three regiments of infantry, and

See p.107.

