
the important points on railroad adequately protected? Let me know positions and available strength of your various forces, and some particulars regarding enemy.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Have received a rather scary dispatch from Gillmore. Send him any troops you can spare. Those at Lebanon will be most available. Also release the steamer Wren, taken by General Hovey. It was not intended he should have her, as she is essential to Gillmore.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 23 [?], 1863-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILL, Commanding Clay's Ferry:

I transmit herewith copy of dispatches sent you last night;* also copy of instructions sent to the master of train which Colonel Runkle ordered from Richmond in this direction.* I presume by this time Colonel Runkle is at Lancaster, or in vicinity, and is in communication with General Carter, who is at Danville, or possibly on the road between Danville and Stanford. I suppose you also are at Clay's Ferry, crossing your command to this side. I wish you to push forward the work at Tate's Creek, Clay, and Boonesborough Ferries. Re-enforce the party at Boonesborough, and send at least one good company of the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry to the mouth of Red River, to guard passage there. Be sure to keep possession of all the boats at Clay's Ferry, and destroy them if they are in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy. I will send you two mountain howitzers this afternoon, and can give you more mounted force, if you want it. How many men have been left at Irvine? Send a courier at once to Irvine, with orders to have the boats there destroyed immediately; not scuttled and sunk, but destroyed. I will move a portion of Colonel Walker's troops from Mount Sterling to Winchester to-night. Keep your scouts well out toward Lancaster and Mount Vernon, and keep me thoroughly informed. If you have news from Colonel Runkle, send back a courier at once. If the enemy attempt to force a passage, send word to me and to the commanding officer at Winchester at the same time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 23, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN P. RUNKLE:

The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that dispatches from Colonel Walker fix him at Hazle Green on the 21st. Most of

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

