
Cluke's force escaped him. Have gone back to Mount Sterling, capturing the guards there. The enemy are advancing on Stanford in force, having already passed Somerset, while Colonel Walker reports Marshall, 1,800 strong, at Salyersville. If Cluke attempt to escape, it will be in your direction probably, although he may hang around Owingsville, in order to join Marshall. Order the force at Irvine to Richmond at once, except a guard for the forage and ferries there. Keep your command together, for you will be ordered this side of the river very soon. The general directs me to say that he can keep you informed of everything that occurs in front of Stanford, but you must watch the road to London yourself. He wishes to concentrate his forces on the north side of the Kentucky, and has none to risk at outpost fights, even on equal chances. Dispatch another courier to Colonel Walker, to return in this direction at once, using his discretion as to the route he will take. Watch the ferries for Cluke.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 23, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN P. RUNKLE, Richmond, Ky.:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move all your effective force, except the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, to Lancaster at once, reporting in advance to Brigadier-General Carter by courier. The general will be at Danville or Stanford. The enemy's pickets are at Hall's Gap, about 5 miles from Stanford. Colonel Walker and Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, with their forces, are at Mount Sterling. Cluke was left in the vicinity of Owingsville, and there is, therefore, no immediate danger of the ferries. The general commanding has sent word to the Tate's Creek, Clay, and Boonesborough Ferries for all detachments of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry to repair to Richmond at once. This he did to save time. The fatigue parties sent from here to those ferries will remain there, and have orders to go on with their work vigorously. Leave Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, in command of the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, at Richmond and Irvine for the present, with instructions to watch the road to London. The general wishes him to put his command under strict discipline. You should be on the march in one hour after the receipt of this order. According to your semi-weekly report of the 19th instant, you have 876 effective men at Richmond. The general has telegraphed to General Carter to send orders to you on the road. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill should retire on Clay's Ferry if driven in from the direction of London.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, March 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Bruch telegraphs that the rebels made a raid on railroad 3 miles north of Grand Junction, Tenn., yesterday; captured and destroyed wood

