
train and cut telegraph-not been working to Memphis since; also that the enemy have crossed the Cumberland in small force near Somerset, Ky. The operator made his escape. No Union troops there. Mount Sterling was taken by rebels yesterday, and about 200 Union troops captured.

A. STAGER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 25. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 23, 1863.

The State of Indiana is hereby constituted a district of this department, to be known as the District of Indiana. Brigadier General H. B. Carrington, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Indiana, with headquarters at Indianapolis.

By command of Major-General Wright:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, March 24, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

In reply to your circular of March 21, received to-day, I would say my portion of the country is swarming with the meanest, bitterest kind of enemies. I know of no other way to report the names and numbers of active enemies than to say that everything in this neighborhood would come under that head, and that the use of a fine-tooth comb of immense size moving southward would have more effect than any other mode I can propose to get rid of their presence.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, March 24, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

No change in front since yesterday. Steedman informs me that his front was menaced yesterday by 1,000 cavalry, and thinks that whole movement is a foraging expedition. I am credibly informed that the rebels are greatly exercised about our movements and designs, and they have an idea that we are falling back, and have sent spies into our lines to find out our intentions. I have captured 8 suspicious prowlers, who were sharp as lightning.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES STEAMER ROBB,

March 24, 1863.

General DODGE,

Commanding Forces at Corinth, Miss.:

SIR: I would most respectfully call your attention to the vicinity of Clifton and Carrollville, Tenn. Being on my way, in company of the United States gunboat Silver Lake, up the Tennessee River, and coming in the vicinity of those places after dark last evening, I thought I would like to see them in daylight, so laid over at Beech Creek Island until daylight. This morning, about 6 o'clock, I arrived opposite Carrollville. I found about 100 rebels of Colonel Daugherty's command, under

