
Van Dorn, rendezvoused there, conscripting, stealing horses, and stooping movers from leaving the country. I shelled them out of the place, but don't know what damage was done them. I found a number of carbines and 6 or 8 horses, with saddles and bridles, which I took. I also captured two of the band (Black burns-farther and son.) Clifton and Carrollville are undoubtedly the rendezvous of the conscripting parties of Wayne County and vicinity. Those parties trouble the west side of the river a good deal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JASON GOWDY,

Acting Volunteer Lieutenant Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, March 24, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Rebels have possession of Danville. Gillmore fallen back to Dick's River, near Dick Robinson. Rebels reported in large force.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No. 138. Washington, March 24, 1863.

I. Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland, for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, March 24, 1863-3 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram just received from Danville, Ky., says:

A large force of the rebels occupy Stanford. The main body came in from Huntersville. They have infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and are moving upon this place and on Lancaster in force. Colonel Wolford has been fighting their advance all day between here and Stanford. The troops here are in line of battle about 1 mile from town.

A. STAGER.

CINCINNATI, OHIO,

March 24, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Arrived this morning, and have received very full and explicit information from Wright, which makes me very anxious to have my other division from Suffolk, and I hope the interest of the public service will allow you to send it to me. I hope you feel I would not ask if I did not deem it necessary. It seems to me that General Hooker can better spare a division than this department. I will report more fully this afternoon

