
three times, by enemy's guns at B

--------

, without injury. We succeeded in driving the rebels out. Twenty-six transports and four gunboats are on the way up to-night. Will arrive some time to-morrow.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 5. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 27, 1863.

The general commanding has learned that a train has been lost and its guard captured because they allowed themselves to be surprised without arms in their hands, or with their arms unloaded; and that train guards are in the habit of taking off their accounterments and placing their arms in the wagons. Such disgraceful conduct on the part of both officers and men, instructed with duties so important, renders them both morally and legally responsible for the loss of life and public property which so frequently ensues.

It is, therefore, ordered that any officer in command of troops acting as train guards who shall permit his men to take off their accouterments or lay aside their arms, in our outside of the wagons, or whose troops shall be found with their arms unloaded, shall forfeit all pay and allowances that may be due him, and be dishonorably dismissed the service for gross misbehavior on guard duty. Any non-commissioned officer or private on such duty, who shall be found with his musket unloaded or out of his hands, or with his side arms off, without the order or permission of his commanding officer, shall, for each offense, forfeit one month's pay, and moreover be punished on the spot, according to the nature and necessity of the offense. Any officer sending out trains in contravention of orders, or without due notice to, and leave from, his superior officer, or without adequate guards, shall be held pecuniarily responsible for any injury such trains may, sustain, and, moreover, be punished as for misbehavior in the face of the enemy.

No picket guard will allow forage or other trains to pass its lines without written orders from the commanding officer of the division or independent brigade to which such trains belong, nor without such guards as are reasonable and have been customary on the road.

This order will be read at the head of each regiment and detached company in this army, and it shall be the special duty of all division and brigade inspectors to see that it is carried into immediate effect.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 6. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 27, 1863.

The general commanding, desiring to increase as far as possible the effective force of this army, by returning to their regiments able-bodied men, now on detached service as teamsters, laborers, and hospital attendants, directs that their places be supplied, as far as possible, by the substitution of men hired for the purpose. To accomplish this, the following directions are given:

I. Citizens residing within or without the limits of this department may be employed and paid by quartermasters, as teamsters, wagon

2 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

