
Kentucky Cavalry to the mouth of Red River, to guard passage there. Be sure to keep possession all the boats at Clay's Ferry, and destroy them if in danger of falling into the hands of he enemy. Send a courier at once to Irvine, with orders to have the boats there destroyed immediately; not scuttled and sunk, but destroyed. Keep your scouts well out toward Lancaster and Mount Vernon, and keep me thoroughly informed. If the enemy attempt to force a passage, send word to me and the commanding officer at Winchester at the same time .

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 25, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

It is exceedingly important at the present time that you give the enemy in your front plenty of occupation.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 25, 1863-9.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Dispatch received. Rebels appear to me just now engaged in giving me occupation. Regret to learn from Granger, at Franklin, that 300 more of his men were captured to-day at Brentwood, 9 miles in his rear, by cavalry. All our information leads us to believe the enemy are concentrating at Tullahoma, and attempting to weaken us by detachments, to chase the cavalry on our flanks. I do not think it prudent or practicable to advance from this position until I am better or differently informed. Will know soon.

W. S ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I will detain Second Indiana Cavalry but a few days. I have no cavalry from there. Suppose Breckinridge's force coming this way from Danville.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Manson telegraphs from Lebanon that rebels, estimated at 1,200 strong and twenty-two pieces of artillery, under Breckinridge, took possession of Danville yesterday, at 4 o'clock. Breckinridge is conscripting all who do not volunteer, and will soon enlarge his force greatly.

General Hobson says no armed rebels between Glasgow and the Cumberland River.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

