
CARTHAGE, TENN., March 25, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The gunboats has just arrived from Nashville. The guerrillas fired into it at different points from 10 miles below Rome up the river to Rome. No damage done. It takes the boat two days to make a trip from here to Gallatin Landing and back, which is the only safe way for the mail, unless at least an escort of 100 men is sent by land, and as I have only one gunboat I could only send the mail every other day by it. But I ought to keep this boat here all the time in case of an attack. During the present stage of water I feel perfectly safe where I am, and can hold myself against anything like double my number. This stage of water will last over one month yet. I will have all the necessary fortifications erected. I sent an expedition to Rome last night. It returned this evening. It captured a forage train of 7 wagons, 28 prisoners (Captain Reese among the number), and some 30 horses. My expedition to Hartsville has not yet returned. I send another expedition below Rome to-night after another forage train. Will I want more provisions if the cavalry comes here? I have seventy days' for my present command. No shelter tents came by the gunboat.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, March 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts this morning report 700 of Morgan's command north of Hartsville, on Goose Creek, hid in the hills.

General Crook sent a regiment to Hartsville yesterday. The several posts on the line of the railroad should be notified. I will have it done if so directed.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 27. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 25, 1863.

In accordance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of the Ohio.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 25, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

It is important that you immediately carry out my instructions of the 23rd, by concentrating forces in Central Kentucky., to meet the enemy's raid. Additional troops cannot be sent you at present.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

