
in immediate danger. General Burnside is here, and a large forces of his old corps, now on the river, are expected every moment. The instant they arrive they will be pushed to the front. I will telegraph you again shortly.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, March 25, 1863.

(Received 5.12 p.m.)

Major-General WRIGHT:

I telegraphed to Adjutant-General Finnell this morning that there was no necessity of moving any of the archives. Colonel Casement will have this evening about 1,000 infantry and five pieces of artillery, and has my orders to employ contrabands in the trenches. Frankfort and Lexington are safe. Recent information confirms my report that the enemy does not exceed 3,500 men. They are all mounted, and have seven pieces of artillery. There may be some in their rear, but I doubt it.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, March 25, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p.m.)

Major-General WRIGHT:

General Carter, at Hickman [Bridge], reports enemy not very strong in immediate front, but fears they will try to cross below. Ferries are watched. Last information from Marshall fixes him in Magoffin, approaching with 800 men. Colonel Walker is watching him in direction of Mount Sterling.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 26, 1863-11 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The President writes, by General Rousseau, that he will order any arms needed for this command. I want 5,000 Sharps' carbines, new pattern, 54 caliber, for infantry detail. My outposts are being picked up all the time by rebel cavalry.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

March 26, 1863-12.30 p.m.

General H. W. HALLECK, Washington:

Your very clear and able letter concerning conflicts between civil and military authority is received. There has been no conflict that I know of. If the Governor would report at Gallatin, I should be pleased to put him in command. Nashville is too important a post for me to instruct to his command at this time.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

