
that we can hold the line of the Kentucky until a column can be organized at or near Lebanon to move against the enemy. It is said that Humhreys Marshall has moved from Magoffin County in the direction of Mount Sterling. He may give us some trouble, but we will try and look out for him. Our cavalry force is very small. One brigade of the Ninth Corps has gone down to Louisville, to be sent out from there. The other brigades of the First Division are expected to-day or to-morrow.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 26, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

You have authority to mount infantry, but horses and equipments must be purchased by the Quartermaster's and Ordnance Departments on proper requisitions. Otherwise the Government will be bidding against itself.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, March 26, 1863-5.26 p.m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

What is absolutely necessary for your operations will be supplied by the Quartermaster's Department. Colonel [Thomas] Swords is chief quartermaster of the district in which you operate. If so large a supply train as you indicate is necessary, it will be provided upon your order, but, before expending half a million, you should ascertain whether of the immense number of wagons and animals purchased for operations south of the Ohio there are not yet enough remaining within your command to fit out all trains actually necessary. Deficiencies will be supplied by the officers of this department upon your order. The laws in regard to contracts and purchases of militia supplied are very stringent, and public notice should be given, in conformity to law and regulations, before contracting or purchasing. (See act of June 2, 1862, chapter 93.) I hope that it will not be necessary to provide so many mules as you speak of in your dispatch.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

The last of General Poe's brigade will reach Louisville to-night in all about 2,000. General Burnside directs that you furnish in detail at once your proposition for the concentration of these troops with those you propose drawing from Bowling Green and Cave City.

H. G. WRIGHT.

