
BURNET HOUSE,

Cincinnati, Ohio, March 26, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

One boat left here last night about midnight with troops for Louisville, and another about 10 o'clock this morning. Please answer my telegram of this morning at once as to the number of troops that can be spared from your side to form an attacking column.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 26, 1863.

General J. T. BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

You can withdraw the three regiments you spoke of from Bowling Green and Cave City and concentrate them at Lebanon, and send also to Lebanon such infantry regiments and batteries as can be well spared from Louisville. This concentration is made with a view to attacking the enemy at Danville, or at such place as he may be at after the concentration is effected. The forces from Louisville will not start until the three regiments from below are far enough on the way to make the arrival simultaneous. No time should be lost in making the movement. It is possible that I may to-morrow direct you to concentrate the Louisiana force at Bardstown. Regiments must carry with them three days' cooked rations; other supplies and forage can be sent them by railroad. Each man must carry 40 rounds of ammunition in boxes, and 20 in pockets. I have ordered the Eleventh Kentucky to be mounted, and shall to-morrow direct the quartermaster to forward the horses and equipments.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General GILLMORE, Lexington, Ky.:

General Burnside directs that in case the force under Walker is not sufficient to over Paris and other points on the railroad securely to-day, that you re-enforce it. Additional troops will be sent along the road to-night. Answer as to probable security of road.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 26, 1863-9.45 a.m.

Colonel WALKER,

Commanding at Winchester:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson's dispatch of last evening is received, reporting that Cluke would probably be in Mount Sterling to-day. The enemy on the south side of the river are advancing on Richmond, and Cluke will doubtless try to join them. The best way to prevent that is for you to remain at Winchester; otherwise, if you attempt to

12 R-VOL XXIII, PT II

