
pursue him, he might double on you and capture the guard at Boonesborough; possibly at Clay's Ferry also. Keep yourself in communication with the commanders at those two ferries, and aid them, should a passage of the river be attempted there, as I have no mounted troops here. The news you get from Marshall may require a modification of this order; therefore keep me informed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Send scouts to the ferries above Boonesborough, and be ready to re-enforce them. If necessary, keep the main body of your command together.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., March 26, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILL,

Commanding Clay's Ferry:

COLONEL: The enemy were reported advancing on Richmond last night, I have heard nothing from you about it. You should watch very closely all the ferries from Tate's Creek up, and destroy the boats of the enemy appears in force. Colonel Walker is in the vicinity of Winchester, and some time during the day he will receive the order, just sent him, to send scouts to the ferries above Boonesborough, and re-enforce those places if the enemy threaten them. I am to-day sending ammunition for the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry. Keep me frequently informed of what is taking place at the front, and push forward the rifle-pits at the ferries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Place your cannon behind some earth cover, and make such modifications in the defenses as may be required for immediate use. The force approaching Richmond has no artillery, I think.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisa, March 26, 1863.

Captain C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy, after my dispatch of last evening, moved up within rifle-shot of my outposts, and kept up firing at intervals during the night. This morning the indications are that he has left, though I am not yet positive of the fact. I have a reconnaissance of cavalry already out (8 a.m.) and shall follow with an additional force so soon as the necessary preparation can be made. Another body of the enemy are reported near by, on the Virginia side. If so, they were intended for co-operation with the forces which attacked me in front. I am exploring the country on that side also, and shall endeavor to keep on the alert. There is no reason to doubt that their force in this region is considerable. As I have no light artillery, and but about 800 effective infantry, I do not expect to do more than harass the enemy. His intention

