
was doubt ess to surprise this command; falling in which he has either retired a short distance to bring up his artillery or has started on some other enterprise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 26, 1863.

General GILLMORE, Lexington, Ky.:

You will at once issue orders to all your troops, except those on the railroad, to keep constantly on hand three days' cooked rations and 60 rounds of ammunition-40 rounds in their boxes and 20 in pockets-when they are ordered to march. If you need shelter tents, please telegraph at once, and they will be sent to you. General Carter must not be moved far from Hickman Bridge, as it is my intention to move a force across the Kentucky River as soon as Wilcox's division reaches here and is placed in position. I have ordered a force to be concentrated at Lebanon the details of which I will send you when I send your order. Keep Carter, Walker, and your available troops at Lexington ready to move at short notice.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 140. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 26, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the commanding general Department of the Ohio for duty, to inspect the forts and batteries of Covington and Newport, Ky. He will be accompanies by Ordnance Sergt. Luke Walker, U. S. Army, now on duty at Fort Runyon, near this city.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CARTHAGE, TENN., March 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough:

Six companies of Tennessee cavalry (270 men) arrived here to-night. Report their horses in bad condition. When will the two other regiments of Tennessee cavalry be here? I think if East Tennessee regiments were to come here they could recruits a good many men. Enemy have considerable cavalry force near Liberty. What are the largest wages spies can be paid, and what is usual for that kind of service?

