
I can get reliable persons to go into the East Tennessee Valley, and find out all about that country, if it is desirable.

I will send you a map of my position and defenses completed, in a few days more.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

SMITHLAND, March 27, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

If all the light-draught boats are sent below, it will be a difficult matter to get supplies to Nashville, as the river is falling. I will send through two convoys a week.

LEROY FITCH,

Lieutenant-Commander.

FRANKLIN, March 27, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Have ordered two crack regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and one battery to Brentwood. Cars will be running to-morrow. Mitchell ought to hold Brentwood; it could always be re-enforced, either from Nashville, Triune, or this place. At the same time it is in position to re-enforce either of these points, if threatened. All secure in front.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, March 27, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Franklin:

Regard your position as a strong outposts, covering our right and communications, to be held only so long as practicable, without endangering your column, which must adhere to Steedman or the rear, according to the pressure. Your proper work being this, keep hand and foot loose. Have your shelter tents. Keep open communication with Steedman, both by signal and courier. If you can get an opportunity, strike your blows on the rebels, but don't let them strike you. You must rather adhere to Steedman than draw him toward you. In case of a heavy pressure, it would be better for us that you should both be on the Nolensville road, and both should fall back toward Nashville. This gives you an idea of the defensive role of your column, and which way you are to incline. Yourself and Steedman could whip a very large column. You must see to it that you can co-operate.

W. S ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,March 27, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Please report at once if you can concentrate forces to-morrow morning at Lebanon, to move upon the enemy from that place. I shall order General Gillmore to recross the Kentucky River to-night, and attack Danville to-morrow, if you can co-operate with him. General Gillmore

