
MUFREESBOROUGH, TENN., March 28, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington:

No special change in the rebel position. Bragg reported to have come forward to Shellbyville, Johnston at Tullahoma; say they want me to advance, their cavalry to flank me, and Longstreet to come from Knoxville. Provisions are scarce with them. Van Dorn on Granger's front. Rebel papers report 15,000 at Federals at Savannah, on the Tennessee. Rebels have 4,000 men at Tuscumbia.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MUFREESBOROUGH, March 28, 1863.

General GORDON GRANGER, Franklin:

General information that come infantry was sent from Tullahoma toward Columbia may be quite recent or not. Van Dorn is certainly back at or near Columbia. In any case, with the instructions forwarded last night, you will understand how to act. You and Steedman are to avoid being struck be any blows. If the enemy attempt any demonstration to extend our lines and weaken our front here, you will defeat him by retiring and drawing him in. Make him extend his line, and weaken him center, while you secure our line of communication, even if you have to rest in front of Mashville. If we can draw in some of his force, and catch it, it with be well.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, March 28, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch received. I have your idea of swinging to our left and forming junction with Steedman, in the event I was forced back, or in case either his position or yours should be seriously threatened. Of course our line of operations (Steedman's and mine) must then be along the Nolensville pike. The only embarrassment is in holding Brentwood, with my small force, against cavalry raid. I think that should be an outpost of Nashville. I have just learned that Van Dorn is near Spring Hill, with most of his force . The party that gobbled up Bloodgood crossed Duck River, at Williamsport, in a hurry.

The news in the rebel camp is that Grenada has fallen and that Vicksburg is surrounded. The Mississippi troops swear they will go home. The heavy rain has rendered the country impassable; streams swollen.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 144. Washington, March 28, 1863.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

