
compatible with the interests of the service will be accorded to those who are willing and give assurance, by their parole, oath, and bond, or other satisfactory voucher, that they will conduct themselves peaceably, and do no injury to the Government.

V. Those claiming allegiance to the rebellion, or who cannot or will not give satisfactory assurance that they will conduct themselves peaceably, are, on their own theory, by the law of nations bound to leave the country. This rule will hereafter be observed in such district as come within our control, at the discretion of the commanding officer of troops in the district.

VI. Persons desiring to vote, or to exercise any other right of citizenship, will be permitted to take the oath of allegiance, unless the commanding officer has reason to suppose a fraudulent intent on the part of such person.

VII. Provost-marshals are authorized to parole prisoners of war, to administer the parole to non-combatants, and oath of allegiance to citizens, in accordance with the provisions of this order, under such instructions and limitations as may be prescribed by the provost-marshal-general, or the provost-marshals of corps or divisions detached or acting at inconvenient distances from their corps headquarters, reporting promptly a list of the names and description of all persons so paroled by them, with their bonds, if any have been given, to the provost-marshal-general of the army, at the headquarters of the department, for record.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 28, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The train carrying Twenty-fifth Indiana Battery to Lebanon was thrown from the track near Lebanon Junction this morning, and gun carriages and caissons completely destroyed. This accident will prevent the transportation of troops to Lebanon until late to-night, when the road will be clear. Three regiments of Poe's brigade will leave by railroad for Bardstown at 2 p.m. this evening. The two other regiments will go to Lebanon to-night . Shall I order the forces at Lebanon to move toward Danville at once to co-operate with General Gillmore? They will be obliged to move without artillery.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,March 28, 1863-8.55 p.m.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Your dispatch just received . Have your forces at Lebanon to-morrow morning at daylight, and I will telegraph you come time during the night. Have the operators at Louisville and Lebanon on the lookout for a dispatch. General Gillmore has driven the enemy beyond Camp Dick Robinson, and is now in pursuit in the direction of Crab Orchard. I expect dispatches from him, and will telegraph you fully during the night .

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

