HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,March 28, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

I have notified General Gillmore that you will not able to co-operate with him as promptly as I had hoped, and, without changing his orders, I simply directed him to use a little more care, and to communicate by his scouts with your advance from Lebanon as soon as he succeeds in occupying Danville. Push forward the troops as fast as possible, and require frequent reports from the advance, and transmit them to these headquarters. Tell the officer in command to keep his troops well in hand, and to make vigorous and concentrated attacks. A dispatch of last night, giving the composition of forces, was sent over the wires so badly that it was not very intelligible . Please have it repeated in military cipher. If Lieutenant Smyser does not they your instructions, arrest him at once. There are plenty of men capable of filling his position. No officer is necessary to the department. I will telegraph him. His stores are subject to draft from General Rosecrans' department, as well as from our own; but there should be no delay in any case.

My aide, Major Cutting, will report to you to-day, and remain with you during the movement. Please communicate with him freely. He is perfectly reliable.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,March 28, 1863-8.10 p.m.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

General Gillmore will occupy Danville to-morrow, and will open communication with Lebanon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., March 28, 1863-9 p.m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

There are now at Lebanon, under command of General Manson, four regiments of infantry; aggregate, 1,500 men. Two regiments of Poe's brigade leave Louisville for Lebanon by rail in the morning; will arrive about noon. There is also at Lebanon two regiments of cavalry; aggregate, 1,300. The Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, 700 strong, left Cave City for Lebanon yesterday morning; will arrive to-morrow. The accidents on railroad have interfered materially with the transportation of troops, but the road is now clear. The four-gun battery which arrived to-day from Indianapolis has only 70 men. The captain places no reliance in his men, and considers it unfit for the field.

The batteries smashed up on the railroad last night will not be fitted up for several days. The Second Indiana Cavalry, which has been detained two days by failure of Lieutenant Smyser to furnish arms, will leave in the morning for Lebanon, via Bardstown. Three regiments of Poe's brigade left to-night by rail for Bardstown.

BOYLE,

General, Commanding.

