
GALT HOUSE, Louisville, March 28, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Have just reported at headquarters here. General Boyle confined to his house by what may prove a serious illness. Nothing new since his dispatch this morning. Poe's brigade is about starting, three regiments for Bardstown, two for Lebanon. No attack made from Lebanon. Awaiting your orders whether to advance without artillery. Poe's brigade would have started early this morning, but the collision on the railroad has prevented it.

General Boyle is too ill to see me.

W. CUTTING,

[Aide-de-Camp.]

MARCH 28 [?], 1863.

[Major-General BURNSIDE:]

General Carter, between Hickman Bridge and Nicholasville, has 3,600 men, of which about 1,500 are wounded. This includes Wolford's undisciplined cavalry and 500 recruits. Carter has also a rifled battery and six mountain howitzers. Colonel Walker, at Winchester, has about 700 mounted men. There are 1,000 men at Frankfort. We have 1,500 men here, including convalescents, and about 600 men guarding ferries from Boonesborough to Clifton . Seven hundred on Kentucky Central Railroad. All the available force can be concentrated in half a day. I ask for orders to advance beyond the Kentucky, and pursue the enemy before he forms a junction with Cluke and Marshall. I have one and two-thirds battery here, and consider the place perfectly safe.

Respectfully,

GILLMORE.

CAMP DICK ROBINSON, March 28, 1863-6.20 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

We lost no commissioned officer killed. My infantry is here and cavalry in pursuit of enemy. Two bridges over Dick's River were burned. I go on to-night . Enemy gone forward Crab Orchard.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP DICK ROBINSON, March 28, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Dispatch just received. My infantry force is here. Mounted force between Lancaster and Stanford; probably stopped at Dick's River, where the bridge was burned . Shall occupy Lancaster at daybreak with infantry, and Danville some time in the forenoon.

Only 100 or 200 of Cluke's men crossed Red River, as far I as know.

GILLMORE.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisa, Ky., March 28, 1863.

General Commanding Department of the Ohio:

The enemy, under Humphrey Marshall, numbering 1,700, are encamped 18 miles from here, on the West Liberty road, where he says he shall await artillery, and return to reduce this place.

