
Hazen's aid, you will await further at Cripple Creek. Your pickets will not be disturbed, and the First Regiment, of Beatty's brigade, will be left in camp.

No tents or wagons .

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 63. Mufreesborough, Tenn., March 29, 1863.

I. it has been ascertained that persons in this department are dealing in Confederate scrip, thus giving aid and comfort to the rebellion, ny making its worthless paper an article of traffic. Any officer, soldier, camp follower, or citizens, within the limits of this department, who shall hereafter buy or sell Confederate currency or its counterfeits will be arrested and punished.

II. Until further notice, the following regulation, will be observed in regard to the purchase of cotton within the lines of this army:

1st. All citizens desiring to purchase cotton must present to the general commanding ample vouchers of unconditional loyalty to the Government, of the United States, and sign an obligation to abide by the regulations herein prescribed.

2nd. Immediately on making a purchase they must forward to the provost-marshal-general a statement of the name and place of residence of the producer and the seller, the number of bales purchased, the price to be paid, the amount paid at the time of purchase, and the amount still due.

3rd. Whenever it can be done, without injury to the public service, they may be permitted, on presentation of the statement prescribed in the foregoing section, to ship the amounts named in such statements to Nashville. Every bale must, before shipment, be legibly marked with the name of the buyer and that of the seller.

4th. The party from whom the purchase was made will be permitted to receive payment in full, on presenting to the provost-marshal-general proper evidence of loyalty, given under oath before any court of record, or any officer qualified to administer an oath.

5th. Until such evidence is presented and permission to make full payment is given, no purchaser shall pay more than 10 per cent. of the contract price.

6th. After settlement in full, in accordance with the foregoing regulations, permission will be given to ship beyond the limits of this department.

7th. No permission to purchase cotton will be granted to any officer or soldier, sutler, or other person in the military service of the United States.

All officers serving in this department are ordered to report promptly any violation of these orders which may come under their observation. Any cotton purchased contrary to the regulations herein prescribed will be seized and turned over to the quartermaster's department, to be sold for the benefit of the Government.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

