
the brigade composed of the Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, and Fifty-second Ohio, is annulled, and General Morgan is assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, composed of the Tenth, Sixteenth, and Sixtieth Illinois Volunteers, and the Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan Volunteers; and Colonel D. McCook is assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, composed of the Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, and Fifty-second Ohio.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Major and Chief of Staff.

STEAMER RAYMOND, Hamburg, January 27, 1863.

Brigadier General GREENVILLE M. DODGE,

Commanding District of Corinth:

SIR: As I informed you by dispatch last evening, I had my force on board, ready to start, but the fog was so thick the boat could not be got under way until early this morning. When about 5 miles from here, the starboard wheel broke down, in consequence of some damage it received in starting; it was not possible to repair it, or to go on up the river with only one wheel, and barge in tow, so, much to my regret, I was obliged to turn back to Hamburg. I had everything arranged, I believe, for a successful thing; but this accident, to my great disappointment, has prevented the accomplishment of our designs. The gunboat Robb has, however, continued on as far as she can go over the shoals, and will destroy and flats that may be found. She will return this p. m., and will then probably go on down the river with convoy. I do not think, from what information I can get, there is any force now at Savannah. Colonel Breckenridge will go with them as far as Perryville, and return across the country, and report to you anything of interest he may find. The train left this morning, and I shall send the Seventh Iowa and Eighty-first Ohio and section of artillery after them. The Fifty-second Illinois is retained here until you can send 30 wagons more for the balance of the stores. Either the quartermaster is much to blame in loading or else there was much more than was supposed. A section of artillery remains here, and some cavalry. Scouts have been sent along Chambers' Creek this morning, and others over the river.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. RICE,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 28, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

If there are cavalry regiments in Ohio, they are subject to General Wright's orders, and he has been repeatedly directed to send you everything he can possibly spare. I cannot take good generals away from armies in the field, and bad ones you do not want. If General Hooker will consent, you shall have General Burns. You already have your full share of the best officers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

