HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,March 29, 1863 .

Major WILLIAM CUTTING,

Galt House, Louisville, Ky.:

Is there any news from the front to-day? Gillmore crossed the river yesterday, and drove the enemy in the direction of Crab Orchard. Have the forces from Lebanon communicated with him yet? Say to General Boyle I wish the forces at Lebanon to co-operate with Gillmore. How is the general to-day?

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 29, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

I have this moment telegraphed to Major Cutting, and he will give you the contents. Since then I have received your dispatches of this morning. I supposed General Manson had moved with a portion of his force at least . It is very desirable that he should co-operate with General Gillmore, with his cavalry at least, and cut off or capture the herd of cattle. The following dispatch has been received from General Gillmore:

CAMP DICK ROBINSON, 9.35 a.m.

Our forces and enemy encamped on opposite sides of Dick's River last night. Carter has orders to pursue, and will.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, March 29, 1863. (Received at Cincinnati, 6.30 p.m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch just received. General Boyle is better. I have seen him. Captain Semple, his assistant adjutant-general, telegraphed you to-day at 12 the dispatch he had just received from General Manson at Lebanon, that his men had taken Danville yesterday, the main body of the enemy having retired to Lancaster, and asking whether he should leave his baggage and march upon Stanford, to cut off the retreat through Hall's Gap. No answer has been received from you . We have nothing further from the front. All the caissons and carriages of the Indiana battery were destroyed by the collision. The guns will be brought in here to-night, and the battery remounted at once. Another Indiana battery arrived here yesterday, with four guns . It is reported unfit to take the field. Some of the men are not reliable . The two regiments' of Poe's brigade for Lebanon will reach there this afternoon or evening. The delay has been caused by the destruction of locomotives and cars by the collision of yesterday. Your dispatch ordering Manson to move has just come in-4.30 p.m. The order has been sent to Manson. This is the first order for Manson to move received from you .

W. CUTTING,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

P. S.-Order for Manson to move was sent from this office, 3 p.m.

GRIFFIN,

Operator.

