
MARCH 29, 1863.

[General BOYLE:]

General Gillmore telegraphs:

I hear Cluke is approaching Richmond, and I will be in Lancaster before day with a force. Carter can't cross Dick's River to-night .

GILLMORE.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, March 29, 1863 .

General GILLMORE, Camp Dick Robinson, or in the Advance:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Boyle:

Telegram just received from General Manson, at Lebanon, says 100 men of the Ninth Kentucky Cavalry took Danville yesterday evening, killing 1 man and capturing 15. Main rebel force at Lancaster at 11 o'clock yesterday, with 2,000 beeves. Had not Manson better move at once, without baggage, to Stanford, via Huntonsville, to prevent their retreat through Hall's Gap?

I have just ordered Manson to co-operate with you, with his cavalry at least, and cut off or capture the cattle.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,No. 112. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 29, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Colonel Bliss, commanding brigade, Ninth Army Corps, will proceed with his command to Lexington, Ky., and will there report by telegraph to General Gillmore for orders. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 30, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: Your telegram in regard to General Johnson indicates very plainly that you have not duly considered my letter of the 20th instant . General Johnson was not appointed a brigadier-general to command a brigade in the field, but to be made military governor of the State of Tennessee, to organize and administer the civil government of that State until a constitutional government could be organized. Your relations to the government so organized are plainly and distinctly pointed out in my letter of instructions. Moreover, you are notified of the wishes of the War Department in regard to the military command which it was expected you would give to General Johnson. Your suggestion that he should report to you at Gallatin for a command in the field was in direct opposition to the wishes of the Government, as communicated to you by me,

and was received by the War Department with marked dissatisfaction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

