
10,000 Enfield rifle muskets. The balance of the 5,000 carbines will be sent as fast as they can be inspected, say within ten days. Do you want any sabers?

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MUFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

April 1, 1863-9 p.m.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Thanks again for arms and promptitude. I took the Gallagher carbines without objection, not looking a gift-horse in the mouth, but the new Sharps' with bayonet, or the Colt's revolving rifle, are the only ones the Government ought to buy. Please send us 3,000 sabers, with belts and plates complete.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CARTHAGE, TENN., April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

One of my spies returned from the enemy's camp at Liberty this morning. He left there last night. His father is a Union man, and lives near their camp. He says that some of their small regiments have been consolidated, and they now have six regiments, numbering between 2,500 and 3,000 cavalry, all told, and one battery of artillery. He also gave me the position of the camps of each regiment. This information has been corroborated by so many reliable sources that I have no doubt of its accuracy.

I can take sufficient force from here-leaving enough to hold this place-and whip them, but I could not accomplish anything, as they would merely retreat out of my reach. If you could send a force to Snow Hill so as to cut off their retreat, and let me know when you want me to make the attack, it will be done at any hour you mention. Liberty is some 24 miles from here. The courier will wait at Gallatin for your reply. I am getting along well with my works here. I have no apprehensions for my safety. I am afraid to send my small band of cavalry south of the river, as the rebels are watching to pick it up with their superior numbers. I sent boats some 14 miles up the river day before yesterday, foraging, and sent them down below Rome yesterday after wood. Saw nothing of the rebels. Please answer at once.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Carthage, via Gallatin:

General Spears' brigade is en route to join you. A force sufficient to close up the Liberty business will reach that place to-morrow. I telegraphed you yesterday about it. Another force went from here yesterday,

