
to go by way of Lebanon and Alexandria, and co-operate with the one moving on Liberty. We hope to hear good results in a short time.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE, Commanding Third Division:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you detail Colonel Stanley Matthews, and his brigade of infantry and two sections of artillery, with five days' rations, to report to General Stanley on Liberty pike at daybreak to-morrow. The men will be supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition, and will take their shelter tents, the object being to go as light as possible.

By order of Brigadier-General Wood:

P. P. OLDERSHAW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, April 1, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

If General Hurlbut will permit, I will co-operate and take the place, or give you such support as you may desire. The enemy are rebuilding all the bridges from Savannah east and from Florence north, and are increasing their forces east of me. Three gunboats have gone up the river to-day. Is it your desire to take and hold the place permanently, or only for temporary purposes? In Wayne and Lauderdale Counties there are several bodies of cavalry, and at or near Mount Pleasant quite a large force. I am ready and willing to do all in my power to aid you, but you will have to get General Hurlbut's sanction.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD, Cairo:

I send you the within dispatch just received from General Dodge. Furnish copy to Captain Pennock, fleet captain, and telegraph to Rosecrans.

There is a pretty heavy show of cavalry on the left of our line, below Corinth and southeast of La Grange, and about 4,000 with two batteries, south of the Tennessee; headquarters at Florence.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, April 1, 1863.

The enemy are repairing all the bridges from Savannah east and Florence north. They are also building a large number of boats in several of the creeks. They also guard the line of the river from Florence to Duck River, and now have heavy bodies of cavalry massed near Mount Pleasant. Three gunboats have gone up the river.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

