
[Indorsement.]

MEMPHIS, April 1, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The above movements can only be to recross the Tennessee upon my line. If so, I request they may be followed sharply.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARMY POLICE,

Nashville, April 1, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: This letter will be handed to you by Dr. A. O. Habig, who has been in the service of the Government in this department of the army, and has rendered very important services.

In the course of our investigations here we have found very good reasons to believe that there is a person in the War Department, at Washington, deeply in the interest of the Confederate authorities, and in communication with them. I have made Dr. Habig acquainted with the facts obtained here, and he comes to Washington, under very favorable circumstances, to reach and develop the character of the person alluded to in your Department. I have given Dr. Habig such instructions and such information as will, I think, enable him to accomplish his object. He is now direct from Major-General Bragg's headquarters, and has evidences of his late departure from the Confederate Army.

The information obtained in regard to the person in your Department was developed in the arrest and examination of two persons holding positions in this army, who were in the interest and employ of the Confederate authorities. All the facts and circumstances will soon be forwarded to you.

Dr. Habig is a reliable gentleman, and will, I hope, succeed in the object of his mission.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. TRUESDAIL,

Chief of Army Police.

U. S. GUNBOAT LEXINGTON, April 1, 1863.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding United States Forces, Corinth, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have just returned from a trip up toward Florence. I find a great many of the enemy's cavalry near Tuscumbia Landing. There was not water enough for this boat to get over Coulter's Shoals, but I sent a couple of light boats above. They approached to within a few hundred yards of Florence, and found the enemy in considerable force, with a small battery. As the river was falling so fast, they were obliged to return below the Shoals the same day. We captured some 15 or 20 of their horses and guns. If the river remains as high as it is at present, I propose to bring up four or five light-draught gunboats and try their batteries. If they have a heavy gun, we will soon know it after we get there. I expect to return here as soon as we get cooled and more ammunition, which will be in a few days. I may bring with me a small force of infantry and a transport or two. If you feel like co-operating,

