
I will provide means for crossing cavalry at Savannah, or for carrying infantry up with me. I will be happy to hear from you on my return, and will do all I can to co-operate with or lend you any aid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEROY FITCH,

Commanding Gunboats, Tennessee, Cumberland, and Ohio Rivers.

WASHINGTON, April 1, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Galt House:

I cannot at present withdraw either officers or men from the Army of the Potomac.

Order sending Brigadier-General Tillson to you was not correct. He is for any duty you may put him on.

H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 1, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have seventeen Kentucky regiments, brave, tried, and true, some of whom, probably all, would fill up right away if on duty within the State, for the defense of which they are bound to shed the last drop of their blood. If you could exchange some equally good regiments in return, I believe the service would be doubly benefited. What say you? The exchange on your part would be a forward movement, and cover the railroad.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 149. Washington, April 1, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VIII. Brigadier General Thomas Welsh, U. S. Volunteers, will repair without delay to Cincinnati, Ohio, and report to Major-General Burnside for duty in the Department of the Ohio.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 2, 1863.

Colonel C. W. CHAPMAN,

La Vergne:

Information, believed to be reliable, received that 800 rebels crossed Lebanon pike, 8 miles north of Stone's River, going toward railroad, with avowed intention of cutting it. It is thought that the number is exaggerated, and will not probably exceed 300 men. Look out for them, and notify Stewart's Creek garrison and bridge guards. Colonel Wilder, with large force, is between them and their line of retreat. If you can drive them off, he will bag them.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

