
FRANKLIN, April 2, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Van Dorn was still at Spring Hill yesterday, cooking rations last night for a scout, I suppose. Our cavalry had slight skirmish on Carter Creek pike, and are out again to-day. Is there any prospect of my retaining Gilbert?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, April 2, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Rebels captured a labor train, 4 miles north of Franklin, Ky., two hours since, and threw engine off track, and cut telegraph line; object supposed to be capture of freight train from north due there at about this time. Passenger train from here held at Gallatin. Report is brought to Franklin by negro, who escaped. Force of rebels not known.

J. C. VAN DUSER,

Assistant Superintendent.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS, April 2, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am directed by General Hurlbut to forward by telegraph the following communication:

Scouts in from Mount Pleasant and Lawrenceburg, Tenn., report about 1,500 cavalry at Lawrenceburg, and large force at Mount Pleasant, which has fallen back to Lowryville; one brigade at Waynesborough. Most of these forces belong to Van Dorn's command, and are scattered out to obtain forage and subsistence. Everything not needed for supply of his troops, Johnston has sent to the rear. It is the common rumor that Johnston will fall back. They report heavy skirmishing in front of Shelbyville, in which rebels lost 500, in killed wounded, and missing. The scouts also say it is talked among Van Dorn's men that they are to return to Mississippi. He was with them two weeks.

G. M. DODGE,Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, April 2, 1863.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The gunboats Lexington, Silver Lake, and Robb shelled rebels out of Florence Tuesday. Two batteries, one on each side of river, replied to them. They destroyed the cotton factories this side of Florence, and report about 2,000 rebels in that vicinity.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 33. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 2, 1863.

Brigadier General Davis Tillson, U. S. Volunteers, is appointed chief of artillery for the fortifications in this department. He is charged with the organization and instruction of the garrisons, and with completing the

