
armament and outfit of the forts and permanent batteries of the department. His headquarters will be at Covington, Ky. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, April 3, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Boone telegraphs from Clarksville as follows:

The fleet gunboat St. Clair, and transports Eclipse, Luminary, and Lizzie Martin were fired into at Palmyra. Gunboat and Luminary perhaps taken. The Eclipse arrived here disabled; reports the advance of rebels on this place. We will hold until re-enforced.

WM. P. BOONE.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, April 3, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have just received the following dispatch from Clarksville:

Scouts report the gunboat and Luminary escaped capture. The rebels are at Palmyra in force; have there a rifled 6 and smooth 12 pounder, and other caliber not ascertained. We must have the siege guns ordered for this post. Send them at once.

WM. P. BOONE.

I have ordered the siege guns down.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

APRIL 3, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER,

Franklin:

The fleet was attached at Palmyra last night by the rebels, who had six pieces of artillery. Have you any more news in regard to the force in your front? General Dodge reports the rebels buildings bridges east of Savannah and north of Florence, and building flat-boats all along from Florence to the mouth of Duck River, and holding the line of the Tennessee between those points. There seems to be a considerable force at Palmyra.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FRANKLIN, TENN., April 3, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

Dispatch received. It is impossible for me to say, but judge from the force in our front, I don't think over 1,500, with probably two pieces of artillery. Cox and Dean [?] are supposed to be the party on the Cumberland; it is possible that force is there also, as I have not been able to procure anything from there for several days.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

