
CARTHAGE, TENN., April 3, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I send three regiments of infantry and Murphy's cavalry in the direction of Liberty to-night, to co-operate with the forces from Murfreesborough.

I sent an expedition down the river, which returned yesterday, to search for the two guns reported there to capture my boats, but could find or hear nothing of them, and, upon this information, I sent the Delaware with the gunboat last night to Nashville, to have some repairs made to the former that can't be done here. I will be ready to ferry Spear's troops at any time.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 3, 1863.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Esq., Private Secretary to Governor Morton, Indianapolis, Ind.:

SIR: The general commanding directs me, in reply to your letter of 23rd ultimo, in relation to the captured men of the Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Regiments Indiana Volunteers, to say that there are now on duty about 400 men belonging to these two regiments, and that he cannot consistently with the interests of the service order so larga a body of men back to Indiana. Van Dorn made a large draft upon the effective force of these regiments, backed by arguments too powerful for successful resistance; but the general desires to keep those who remain to aid in a reprisal, which he hopes to make ere long.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, April 3, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

General Rosecrans desires me to move on Tuscumbia at the same time he does on Florence, and have our forces meet. He asks this in mentioning raid he is about to make; says it is necessary for his success. It will be a terrible blow to the enemy near our lines, and I will carry out my part of it by again taking Tuscumbia, if it meets your views. Can make the one south afterward. Please answer to-night, so that I can answer General Rosecrans.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 3, 1863.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE,

Corinth, Miss.:

Move as requested by General Rosecrans, with force enough to do it thoroughly. Keep me advised when you move, and send the plan of movements by safe messenger. Acknowledge receipt.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

