
CORINTH, April 3, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Will move on Tuscumbia, and take it, in connection with you. Shall have to move with infantry and artillery. Will have to bridge Little and Big Bear Rivers; therefore let me know in time, so I can co-operate, and be sure of success. It will take three or four days for dispatch to reach me. Had not your forces by river better communicate with Paducah, that we may be sure to start together? Do not believe gunboats succeeded in driving out enemy or silencing batteries at Florence. Heavy gunboats could not pass Coulter's Shoals. Will co-operate as you deem best, and carry out your plans. Please acknowledge receipt of dispatch.

DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 3, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

You will direct any officer you may have placed temporarily in charge of the ordnance depot at Louisville to make no purchases of supplies and to make no issues without specific authority from the Ordnance Office here.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 3, 1863.

Captain GAY,

In Charge of Ordnance Depot, Louisville, Ky.:

You will purchase no supplies, and issue none, without express authority from this Department or from the Ordnance Bureau in Washington. If you need instructions, apply from time to time, by telegraph, for them to Brigadier-General [James W.] Ripley, Chief of Ordnance.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 3, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati or Louisville:

You will immediately relieve General Boyle from his command, and direct him to report in person to the Secretary of War, in Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

APRIL 3, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington:

The following just from Boyle:

General Manson telegraphs that Jacob's whole force is across river, except rear guard. River barely fordable, so Carter cannot cross. I will order Jacob to recross

