
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 4, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your letter of the 30th ultimo received. I assure you I have done all I possibly could, consistently with military safety, to build up and sustain the civil authority wherever I have had command, especially in Tennessee. No one appreciates the sacrifice and the delicate and trying position of Governor Johnson more than I do. I have done, and will do, all in my power to give him aid and comfort; but Nashville is an inclosed garrison, and my grand depot. It is full of traitors and spies, and to it go all the rascals and speculators that follow an army. I am, therefore, obliged to have it commanded by an able and experienced officer, and to exercise a most rigid military policy; but am not aware of, nor do I believe there has been, any material departures from the letter and spirit of your instructions of the 20th, and my reply to it, though brief, was not intended to treat the suggestion about putting the Governor in a military command with disrespect; but to say, if done, that, in my opinion, would be best for the country. If the War Department takes it otherwise, it will wrong both me and the service. Please state this to the Secretary, and assure him of my utter ignorance of any conflict of authorities, and request him to cause all complaints of the kind to be forwarded to me. I will either show they are unfounded, remedy them, or prove that it cannot be done without injury to the country.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CLARKSVILLE, April 4, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Two siege guns, by steamer Glasgow, were received last evening, and placed in position. No further information of enemy. Report of cannon in direction of Palmyra is now heard. Think the gunboats are coming up. I new some ammunition for siege guns, and will take it from the Lizzie Martin, now here, unless forbidden by you. Horses are said to be scarce in Western Kentucky.

WM. P. BOONE,

Commanding Post.

NASHVILLE, April 4, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The boats fired into at the Iron Pike Shoals were fired at by two 6-pounders and about 200 rounds of musketry, 60 yards distance.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 70. Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 4, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Ducat, assistant inspector-general, having reported for duty, Colonel J. C. McKibbin, additional aide-de-camp, is relieved from duty as acting assistant inspector-general, and announced as aide to the general commanding.

