
II. The following-named officers having reported in obedience to orders, are assigned to duty as members of the department staff: Frank S. Hamilton, medical inspector of the department; Captain D. G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. P. Drouillard, additional aide-de-camp to the general commanding, and First Lieutenant H. Seymour Burt, Sixty-third Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, April 4, 1863.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

You telegram in reference to ordnance has received attention. The following telegrams, in regard to Lieutenant Smyser, have passed between General Boyle and myself. Charges are to be preferred against him; among others that of intemperance. Of course I know nothing of the truth of these charges, but will investigate them. Meantime he has been relieved:

LOUISVILLE, March 28.

Lieutenant Smyser, ordnance officer here, fails to fill the requisitions for simplest articles on requisition. He is, in my opinion, unfit for the place. By some of his negligent delay the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery was delayed, and has not yet reached Lebanon; and it was after similar neglect that Colonel McCook received remainder of equipments for the Second Indiana Cavalry. If there were a competent man here, I should feel it my duty to put Lieutenant Smyser under arrest, and place an officer in charge. Can you not put some other officer in his place, or require him to fill the requisitions promptly, and cease sending all arms from this point? In consequence of his conduct, I will not be able to co-operate effectually, according to your orders.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

My reply was as follows:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, March 28.

If Lieutenant Smyser does not obey your instructions, arrest him at once. There are plenty of men capable of filling his position. No officer is necessary to the department. I will telegraph him. His stores are subject to draft from General Rosecrans' department as well as from our own, but there should be no delay in any case.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 28.

Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, has preferred some charges against Lieutenant Smyser, ordnance officer here. Shall I place him under arrest? If your order it, please send an officer to take charge of the depot.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

In accordance with this last dispatch, I ordered the arrest of Lieutenant Smyser, and ordered Captain [Ebenezer] Gay to take his place.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

14 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

