
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 4, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The officer in charge of the ordnance depot at Louisville, Ky., which is a general depot for the supply of several armies, like the commandant of an arsenal, is the special agent of the Ordnance Department, and is under the immediate orders of the Chief of Ordnance. By the positive instructions of the Secretary of War, the officer in charge of that depot was directed to make no issues of stores without the express approval of the Chief of Ordnance, which can always be obtained without delay by telegraph in cases of emergency. The ordnance officer at Louisville had immense stores in charge, for the supply of different armies under different commanders, and is required to make daily reports to the Chief of Ordnance.

To remove such an officer, with such great responsibilities, without notice, necessarily deranges seriously the business of the Ordnance Department, and still more does it derange that business to put in his place a man without knowledge of the duties of the office, the wishes of the Department, or of the relative needs and resources of the several armies to be supplied through his agency.

Lieutenant Smyser was assigned to the post, with the approval of the Secretary of War, and should not have been removed without it, and it seems from your telegram that his hasty removal was without sufficient cause of such a summary process.

You will, therefore, carry into effect the order of yesterday, to release Lieutenant Smyser from arrest, and reinstate him in charge of the depot.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 4, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary's order to relieve General Boyle was peremptory.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 4, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your letter is received. I already ordered preparations for removal of headquarters to the interior. I am concentrating the troops, and brigading them as rapidly as possible, and shall try to make an important move soon.

There are several of General Rosecrans' regiments here that were sent out to recruit when Wright sent some of his down. He is now asking for them, and I am sending them. It will take a good portion of the troops away, but he needs them more than we do.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

