HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling, Green, Ky., April 4, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dist of Western Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have to report that for some days previous to the recent descent upon the railroad near Franklin, I had a detachment of cavalry out, sent for the very purpose of frustrating the purpose of the guerrillas, of which I had intimation, but, as it has turned out, unsuccessfully. The latter numbered but 18 men, and, moving only at night, a successful scout must, to a great extent, be accidental. I have a strong hope that a second detachment sent from here will succeed in inflicting the chastisement proper for such outlaws. At last accounts the prospect for doing so was encouraging. I should have reported the circumstances before, but was anxious to communicate, if possible, the success of my cavalry, which I am not yet able to do.

A company of staunch Union citizen in the vicinity of Hickory Flat, to whom I issued arms about two weeks since, are doing good service. The guerrillas have ceased troubling them, and the latter, assuming the offensive when possible, have killed 2 of the former, wounding others.

I am endeavoring to effect the organization of another company, at the request of a number of Union citizens, for their own protection. The organization goes no further than concerted action when attacked, and co-operation with my scouting parties when it can be afforded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 5, 1863-8 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

No special change known in rebel position. A strong column of cavalry, with infantry supports, out toward Smithville, after Morgan; three days gone. No news from them.

In view of all things I see, I strongly advise the prompt occupation of Eastport by an adequate force, to establish a large depot at that point and to defend it. If the condition of things on General Grant's lines will warrant it, it ought to be done.

Yours, truly,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CARTHAGE, TENN., April 5, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

General Spears and Colonel Wilder arrived on the opposite side of the river last night with their commands. General Spears turned over 14 prisoners and Colonel Wilder 15. General Spears moved to this side of the river to-day. To-morrow Colonel Wilder goes to Alexandria, on his return to his division. I shall sent [John] Murphy's cavalry part of the way with him, and also sent some infantry below on the river, to scatter out in small squads and watch the river, unseen, and prevent

