
those small squads from crossing the river. I will also send an expedition up the river, of cavalry and infantry, to mount all the infantry I can. I would like to have saddles sent me, as the saddles we get in this country are not fit for cavalry. I have not over forty days' provisions for my present command here.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, April 5, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

The rebel cavalry which dashed upon our pickets at Davis' Mill this morning was Starnes' brigade. It has retired toward Spring Hill. If I had 5,000 cavalry, I would clean out the establishment.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

CLARKSVILLE, April 6, 1863-1.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have just returned from Harpeth Shoals. Found no force there. Enemy about 600 strong. Cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, departed before our arrival at his camp, 2 miles from the river, no the Charlotte road. We pursued 3 miles farther, but could not reach them. They went toward Charlotte. Gunboats found no force last evening at Palmyra. They shelled and burned the place. No force now known to be around here. Will report by mail in full.

WM. P. BOONE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FRANKLIN, April 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Bloodgood's force was 765. Six only have returned. There may be more in Nashville. General Gilbert has returned. Please do all in your power to keep him as brigadier-general; he is the only live man I have got. Nothing new in front. Unless we use the cipher, the rebels will always beat us. I am sure our telegrams are taken off the wires in transit.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 6, 1863.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Franklin, Tenn.:

Have asked for Captain Gay and Brigadier-General [W. L.] Elliott for you. Expect soon to hear from Burnside about the other matter. Am surprised and pained to learn that Bloodgood had so many men with him. Please give the strength of the command by telegraph, and what stragglers have been found. Has General Gilbert returned? Stanley has returned. He clearned Morgan's cavalry out; whipped them at Snow Hill, north of Smithville. Lay your plans now to clean out Van Dorn completely. We will help.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

