
to land a force at Florence, attack and take that place, while, with a heavy body of cavalry, he penetrates Alabama, north of Tennessee River, and gets into Johnston's rear. At the same time I am to strike and take Tuscumbia, and, if practicable, push my cavalry to Decatur, destroy the saltpeter works, and the Tuscumbia and Decatur Railroad, which they have just finished, and take all the horses and mules in that country, to prevent them from raising any large crops. To do this, I propose to move simultaneously with General Rosecrans, throw all my cavalry suddenly across Bear Creek, capture the ferries, and hold them until my infantry and artillery arrive, and then immediately force my cavalry as far toward Tuscumbia as possible, and secure the crossings of Little Bear, on which creek the enemy will concentrate. To accomplish this, I shall move light, taking nothing but ammunition and provisions, and march 20 miles per day, with infantry and artillery. I shall take such a force as to render certain the success of the expedition, and propose to take command in person. The movement is to be made next week, or as soon as General Rosecrans notifies me he is ready. I trust this will meet the views of the general commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 5, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

I propose to send 1,700 men, under an able officer, properly fitted, via Donelson, to embark at Fort Henry, land at Eastport, to be joined by two brigades from Corinth, march on Tuscumbia, whip the rebels out of the valley, and while your two brigades, and more, if you deem necessary, temporarily cover the movement, my troops move on the break the Georgia Railroad, return southward and westward via the Sand Mountains and Corinth. It will take eight or ten days to get to Eastport. If Dodge will be at Iuka, they may land at Cherokee, and move rapidly on Tuscumbia. Will you carry this out?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, April 6, 1863.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Among other specifications against Lieutenant Smyser, he is charged with saying to an officer, who had a proper requisition, "Tell Colonel McCook that he had better send some more communications to Captain Semple about the sabers. I don't care a damn for him or any other McCook. They can all go to hell. I don't care a damn for Captain Semple, or any of the brigadier-generals or major-generals, and they can all go to hell. I am a regular officer, and know how to attend to my business." The failure of Lieutenant Smyser to give to Colonel McCook sabers for his regiment, when he had plenty on hand, delayed the movement of the regiment, and caused him to fail to co-operate with General Gillmore in the attack upon Pegram.

I have cheerfully released him from arrest, and dismissed the charges

