HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 6, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Can Major General George L. Hartsuff be ordered to report to me for duty? I need his services here very much, and he is desirous of serving with me.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 6, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Department has no disposition to remove General Carrington, or interfere with his command, unless you should find it necessary. You shall have General Sumner's son [Samuel S.] whenever he is disposed to go on duty. You can inform him. General Hartsuff is on a court-martial, and will be sent to you immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 6, 1863-3 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Henshaw's battery has been ordered to the field as you direct. General Boyle will report in Washington as soon as possible. He has not been well. I sincerely hope he will be allowed to retain his command. I hope you will send my other division soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have ordered the two Michigan regiments, the One hundred and sixth and One hundred and eighth Ohio, and McCook's cavalry, to join you. Must you have the Second Ohio? It will leave me almost without cavalry to take it, but you probably need it more than I do. I will order the horses of the Eleventh Kentucky, at Bowling Green, to be sent to you. I would be glad to have one of your staff officers come here at once. We now occupy Glasgow, and I shall occupy Thompsonville in a few days. Our advance is up now at Loudon and Somerset. I have ordered Captain Gay to report to you. I hope to have enough force soon to make some diversions in your favor. Which would you prefer to have me move upon, Knoxville or London, or to cross at Gainesborough and move down in the direction of McMinnville? Please post your staff officer with your views, and don't fail to ask me for any assistance I can give you. Your brother and Louis started down to see you to-day. We have just heard that Charleston has fallen. The six companies of the Fourth Indiana have already been sent to you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.

