
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 34. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 6, 1863.

The State of Ohio is hereby constituted a district of this department, to be known as the District of Ohio.

Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Ohio, with headquarters at Cincinnati.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 157. Washington, April 6, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. D. Cox, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the post of Columbus, Ohio, made vacant by the death of Brigadier-General [James] Cooper, U. S. Volunteers.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 7, 1863.

General DODGE,

Corinth:

Expedition preparing rapidly. Will probably start Thursday. Ought to arrive at Pittsburg Landing or Eastport by Thursday week at latest. If you can move to Iuka and there make your preparations, it would be better for it to hand at Eastport. If you deem it more prudent, it may land at Hamburg, and meet you at Glendale or Burnsville. You must provide six thousand or eight thousand essential parts of rations. They will bring their own forage.

Yours, very truly,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, April 7, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I have late and reliable information from Van Dorn's camp. His force now numbers about 15,000. His stores and supplies are all on this side of Duck River, and at or near Spring Hill. It is his intention to eighter attack this place, or turn our right flank and move in the direction of Kentucky; the latter, I think, most probable. The report of flat-boats being built on the Tennessee River is confirmed beyond doubt, showing that re-enforcements from that direction are expected. To be on the safe side, you must place 3,000 troops from Mitchell's command at Brentwood, so as to enable me to concentrate all mine at this point. I further learn that Joe Johnston has been strongly re-enforced at Tullahoma, but does not intend to attack you at Murfreesborough. For some reason the rebels seem to be in low spirits, both yesterday and to-day. I suppose bad luck has overtaken them some. This is not an answer to yours.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

