
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 7, 1863-10.05 p.m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Franklin:

Stanley came in, after whipping Morgan's command at Snow Hill. One of our scouts says Wheeler is at Williamsport, and, with Van Dorn, intends to attack you soon, and clean out Brentwood between this and Friday night, and they will fortify at that point. Could you and Stanley anticipate Van Dorn? What say you? Answer soon.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, April 7, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch received. Just telegraphed you my latest information and state of things here, and what I deem necessary to be done. If what I have suggested meets your views, I would advise that Stanley's command be pushed quietly over in this vicinity, via Triune. This, I think, will prevent any move by Van Dorn and Wheeler. Should they then venture an attack on Brentwood, their fate is sealed and certain. Don't forget it is important for Mitchell to hold Brentwood in force. Our troops-three regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one battery-have been laboring incessantly, but the defenses are not complete.

Mitchell has 6,000 or 7,000 troops in Nashville. I repeat again that all your messages are taken off between here and Murfreesborough and communicated to the enemy by couriers. Why not use the cipher?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 7, 1863. (Sent 12.15 a.m., April 8.)

Major-General GRANGER,

Franklin:

What is the composition of Van Dorn's force? Have you perfect arrangements to communicate with Triune? Look well to that. Triune is much in these matters. You must bear in mind my previous instructions, which will rule, in case you are not in good shape to hold the enemy, if he makes a very strong infantry and artillery attack. Keep your baggage in good shape to be taken care of. You must cause your scouts and cavalry to watch them and the flanks of Brentwood, when Mitchell gets there. We will try what are made of soon.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

P. S.-Have things so arranged that, should you want to move suddenly on the enemy, you can put your spare baggage and public property under cover of a small guard in the fort.

NASHVILLE, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Fleet left this morning. Telegram from Clarksville says:

Paroled prisoners of Second Michigan Cavalry just arrived, and report that Sunday

