
although within a short distance of succor, dishonorably dismissed the service of the United States, with the forfeiture of all pay and allowances. The general commanding regrets his inability to inflict the extreme penalty of the law upon one so deserving an ignominious death.

X. Colonel A. S. Hall, One hundred and fifth Ohio Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Fifth Division, Center, is fully and honorably exonerated from all censure for the capture and los of the forage train of his command on the 21st instant, it having been clearly shown that it was lost not through any neglect on his part, but by the misconduct of Captain Canfield, and in violation of orders.

This order will be read at the head of each regiment in the brigade.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 29, 1863-11.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will the division of this army into three corps prevent me from having the staff officers who have been assigned me with their proper rank? They were assigned to the Fourteenth Army Corps, which General Thomas will command, while I command what, with your approbation, I propose to call the Army of the Cumberland.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 30, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The construction and control of all gunboats for defense of Western rivers, and convoys of transports, have, by law and the orders of the President, been transferred to the Navy Department. Requisitions for convoys, &amp;c., must be made by you on Admiral Porter. The Secretary of War opposed this arrangement; but it was made, and we cannot change it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 30, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

It is of the first moment to have cavalry fire-arms. The three regiments of Tennessee cavalry and the exchanged prisoners of the Second Indiana are now without arms. Words are not needed to explain to you that if we cannot arm our cavalry, we had better disband it. I declare to you, upon my honor, the loss to our Government from this want alone, in this department, since I came into command, can be

