
sent out from this place, that Van Dorn is concentrating a force at Spring Hill to attack Granger or you. Be constantly on your guard.

General Rosecrans last night told me he would send General Stanley with a force to Triune, and, with your force, be prepared to attack the enemy in flank should be march against Granger. Should you receive any orders from department headquarters, obey them promptly, reporting to me what orders have been given you.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: I send Colonel Ducat, inspector-general of the army, to confer with you on the subject of future operations. I have explained to him the points which it is desirable to occupy, and the number of points will be your right and center. The movement I suggest for your right has in view, first, the question of subsistence; next, security of our communications; next, facility for your right combining with your center, in East Tennessee, and, lastly, adding four brigades to our strength, without reducing yours.

The great difficulty in occupying East Tennessee is the barren region for subsistence, and an expedition to break the railroad is almost of the first necessity. I would advise the erection of fortifications at all important points south of the blue-grass region. You can get plenty of negroes.

The points of permanent occupation should be fortified enough to secure these immediately, and strengthened afterward. This secures them from cavalry enterprises, and enables them to put their baggage and stores in safety, so as to be more free to make expeditions. Louisville ought to be strongly fortified.

Please communicate to Colonel Ducat your views, and what you will be able to do, and anything else that you may desire to communicate in reference to our future operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

One of the movements that will be explained to you by Colonel Ducat is the breaking of the railroad north of Knoxville; or, if that cannot be done, to seize and hold, if possible, if not, destroy, Loudon Bridge.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 162. Washington, April 8, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. Brigadier General J. M. Schofield, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty

