HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., April 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., Young's Point, La.:

SIR: I inclose copy of dispatch from General Rosecrans.* I have answered that Dodge will be ready to co-operate with him with 3,500 good troops. Brigadier-General Ellet ran by this place yesterday without reporting. I do not know for what point. I have advised that he be sent to the Cumberland or Tennessee to aid in this movement. If it is possible for a force from Helena or Greenville to get in below Panola, it would be advisable so to do. There is a rumor of the fall of Charleston, not credited.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GALLATIN, April 9, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

General Judah is at Bowling Green, Ky. Lebanon is 16 miles from here in Wilson [County], Tennessee, across Cumberland River. I have three ferry-boats at our landing. Can cross after dark and wake up the citizens of Lebanon at daylight. I will mount my infantry.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, April 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Your instructions of to-day are received, among which are the following, to wit:

You will destroy all depots of supplies for the rebel army, and all manufactories of army ammunition, equipments, and clothing for their use.

The destruction of manufacturing establishments engaged in manufacturing directly for the use of the rebel army I consider a duty which I would have no right to leave undone, when in my power, even in absence of any instructions. Every cotton mill, tannery, or other manufacturing establishment, and all quantities of corn, bacon, salt, or other supplies necessary for the use or subsistence of an army within rebel lines is indirectly, if not directly, supporting the enemy. Now, while humanity would dictate that such necessaries of life as were intended only for immediate family use should be spared, yet it is clearly my opinion that all large quantities of anything necessary for the use of an army, as well as factories producing such articles, should be destroyed, whether such be private or public property. I think I fully understand the course you desire me to pursue in relation to this matter; nevertheless I would prefer you send me written instructions.

Second. The rebels not having regular uniforms, would it be violating the rules of war should I see fit to dress any number of men, say two companies, after the promiscuous Southern style? Something of this kind might be advantageous, should you not think it an improper course to pursue.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. D. STREIGHT.

P. S.-This was to be sent by railroad, but orderly missed the train.

---------------

*See Rosecrans to Hurlbut, April 5, p.215.

---------------

