
NASHVILLE, April 9, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

We can start within three hours from the time of receiving orders, provided Colonel Taylor sends the paulins in time. I was informed they were here, but it seems they are not. Does your news from Corinth indicate the enemy in stronger force than you expected?

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, April 9, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Have not received any report from Steedman this morning, but the officer commanding a party of cavalry I sent to Triune yesterday returned this morning, and has just reported to me that Steedman told him this morning about 6 o'clock that he had been on the lookout for the enemy. Had his cavalry to the front ever since 1 o'clock, and that he was ready for them. This party came the direct road by Lizard's. Saw no sign of the enemy on that road, but heard the firing, which he thought was at Triune, about half an hour after meeting with the Third and Fourth Regiments Ohio Cavalry. These regiments were about 6 miles from Triune when the firing commenced. It was rapid for a short time, and then ceased entirely.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

P. S.-Signal officer reports, "Can't see the station at Triune on account of log, but will report first opportunity."

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 75. Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 9, 1863.

I. Captain J. H. Young, Fifteenth Infantry, U. S. Army, is announced as commissary of musters for this department. The following-named officers are announced as members of the department staff: Captain Hunter Brooke, additional aide-de-camp, acting judge-advocate, and First Lieutenant W. H. Harris, ordnance department.

II. All officers traveling within the limits of this department are ordered to wear their side-arms.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 9, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

It would seem, from the best information we can get here, the enemy's raid into Kentucky was more a ruse than a reality. If you find it so you will mass your troops as much as possible to assist General Rosecrans.

15 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

