
Do not allow them to be scattered into useless garrisons. You will be much urged to do so by local authorities. Keep me advised of your own and the enemy's movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FRANKLIN, April 10, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

My opinion is that a vigorous movement upon Van Dorn and the left of the rebel army should be made instantly, leaving the details to the man upon the ground.

Yours,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, April 10, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I bivouacked on the direct road from Triune to Franklin, 4 miles east of the latter place. At 7 o'clock this morning Van Dorn was still at Spring Hill. Steedman thinks he has 18,000 men. Granger put it at 12,000. I think this latter probably about right. With one of our old divisions we could whip them out of their boots. I do not know whether it would be judicious to attack with his green force, but if you think "the game is worth the candle," we will slap away at them. To make the move, Mitchell should send a brigade, Steedman nearly his whole force, and one brigade, say Harker's, should march to Triune. Van Dorn is in his strong position, and must be approached with judgment and in force.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 10, 1863-7.45 p.m.

Colonel J. T. WILDER,

Commanding First Brigade, Fifth Division:

(Through General Reynolds, Fourteenth Army Corps.)

The general commanding directs that your order your two mounted regiments to prepare at once to march, with three days' rations. He directs you to be ready in an hour and a half, if possible. Give your orders, and then report in person at these headquarters for further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 10, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

It is very difficult to supply large guns for fortifications. Such requisitions must be reduced as much as possible, or they cannot be filled. If you fortify too many places, you will destroy the mobility of your forces.

H. W. HALLECK.

