HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 10, 1863.

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX,

Lexington, Ky.:

Immediately upon arrival at Lexington, you will assume command of all troops in that vicinity, relieving General Gillmore. You will gain from him all the information possible as to the position of the troops, the means of transportation, its distribution, and the amount of supplies on hand, and report in regard to these matters to these headquarters by telegraph this afternoon. Order a brigade from Camp Dick Robinson to report to General Carter, at Stanford. Concentrate all Walker's cavalry at Winchester, also the two battalions of the Second Ohio which came down to Mount Sterling by way of Maysville.

You are authorized to have any number of scouts that you may deem necessary. It is particularly desirable to have good scouts out in the direction of Jackson, Prestonburg, and Paintville. These scouts should be started out at once, and frequent reports during the day made to these headquarters. The regimental supply and ammunition trains should be organized as rapidly as possible, and the whole command put in condition to march at short notice.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY, April 10, 1863.

Colonel C. J. WALKER,Commanding at Sharpsburg, Ky.:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that upon the receipt of this order you will bring your entire command back to Winchester, without delay, including the Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, which may not yet have joined you from the Kentucky River ferries. Send couriers in the direction of Maysville, to meet Colonel Kautz, Second Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, with instructions from these headquarters to bring the two battalions of his regiment approaching from that vicinity also. Report your arrival at Winchester to these headquarters, and give the effective strength of your command. Leave instructions with Colonel Kautz to report his arrival at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

FRANKLIN, April 11, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I agree with General Stanley as to the force necessary to successfully attack Van Dorn-Steedman and Wilder. I will withdraw a portion of the force at Brentwood to garrison this place during our absence. When can Steedman and Wilder reach here? My plan of attack is, to march the infantry on the Columbia pike, and maneuver the cavalry as circumstances may direct, to turn either or both flanks and get in his rear, if possible. I am opposed to separating my forces, and having them beaten in detail.

G. GRANGER.

