
FRANKLIN, April 11, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Van Dorn has fallen back. He had his whole force. Everything indicates that it was an attack in earnest, and not a reconnaissance. With all of Steedman's force, I do not think we could whip him in his chosen position.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, April 11, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The reason of Van Dorn's attack was, to the best of my information, that he believed that all of the troops from this place had fallen back, except a small force of cavalry. General Stanley reconnoitered the Columbia and Lewisburg pikes to-day, and found that the enemy had fallen back to his old position, near Spring Hill. The effect of his repulse has been simply to convince him of our formidable position, and that we were here in greater force than he anticipated. If this attack means anything other than the anticipated capture of Franklin, I don't know what it is. You can probably judge better than myself. I have already telegraphed you what I thought best to do, so far as this flank is concerned.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Franklin, April 11, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I never have received any notification of the troops at Brentwood or Triune being under my orders. In a message received last night you propose sending the troops from La Vergne to Triune, in case of a movement from the latter place, but yet did not order Steedman under my command. Please notify me at once whether you propose placing the troops at either place at my disposal. General Stanley will be in from the front in a few minutes.

G. GRANGER.

WASHINGTON, April 11, 1863-11.30 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am informed that the four cavalry regiments from East Tennessee were to form a brigade, and be placed under the command of Colonel Robert Johnson. His regiment (the First East Tennessee Cavalry) is the largest in the service. Can this be done and promote the public interest? If so, it would be gratifying to me as well as others. I shall proceed at once to raise 25,000 troops, cavalry and infantry.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

GALLATIN, April 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

I shall send the command from there to Lebanon under Colonel Harrison, of the Seventieth Indiana. One thousand men, with one section

