
of artillery, crossed the river at dark. I have been told to-day that there are 4,000 rebels at Liberty, and a large force is soon to be in Lebanon. The rebels seem determined to hold Wilson County, on account of supplies. I am in the telegraph office. Send me word what United States force will be met at Lebanon by our troops, &amp;c.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 11, 1863.

Colonel WILDER,

Commanding Brigade:

The general commanding directs that you start this morning on your proposed trip, in accordance with verbal instructions already given. Rebels crossed at Dobbs' Ferry, on old Lebanon road, near Couch's Mill.

The commanding general directs that yo shorten your trip, so as to reach Franklin, via Nolensville, by Sunday evening, when you will report your command to Major General D. S. Stanley. You will take your available force, and leave the balance to get their horses shod and proceed to Triune, there to join Steedman or proceed to join you at Nolensville, as may be thought best. Please report often, and particularly at La Vergne.

Respectfully,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am concentrating the troops as rapidly as possible, with advanced posts at London, Somerset, Liberty, and Glasgow, with scouting parties as far as Selma, on the Cumberland. I am at a loss to determine upon a plan of diminishing the garrisons at Bowling Green, Munfordville, and other important points on the railroad, but think I shall be able to take considerable of the force from General Boyle's district, and concentrate them at or near Tompkinsville. The force at Louisa, in Eastern Kentucky, is as small as it ought to be. In fact, there ought to be more men in front of Pound Gap. There is no enemy of any moment now this side of Cumberland River, and, if the forces are not diverted by cavalry raids, I hope to be able to concentrate a considerable column to move in co-operation with Rosecrans. I am expecting a staff officer here from him to-day for consultation, and will report to you the result. What we most lack now is cavalry. The enemy is in considerable force in Wayne County, Pegram having been re-enforced by a brigade of cavalry, under Jackson, from East Tennessee. They number in all between 4,000 and 5,000. I shall move against them in two or three days unless there is something else to be done of more benefit to Rosecrans. He telegraphs me Morgan is coming up to join that force, and that they are going to attempt a crossing at Bucksville and Selma. The rebel forces in the Gap and at Knoxville are very small.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

