
III. The following officers are assigned as staff officers at general headquarters, to date from March 25: Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Richmond, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Loring, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Goodrich, chief commissary of subsistence; Surg. William H. Church, medical director. Aides-de-camp-Majs. William Cutting and J. L. Van Buren and Capts. P. M. Lydig, D. A. Pell, G. R. Fearing, C. G. Hutton, and R. H. I. Goddard.

IV. The following officers, who have reported for duty in this department, will report as follows: Surg. H. W. Rivers to Surgeon Church; Captain D. R. Larned, assistant adjutant-general, to the commanding general; Captain W. H. French, commissary of subsistence, to Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Goodrich; Captain J. A. Morris, assistant quartermaster, to Captain J. H. Dickerson.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 12, 1863-11 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy's cavalry has returned in force into the Peninsula, from Liberty to Lebanon. General Burnside had better send down toward Tompksville a couple of brigades, one of which, occupying Carthage, would give us two for advance toward McMinnville. We only want our battery and cavalry horses, and the return of our spare baggage, and we shall be ready to move; but I regard it as a matter of great importance, if it can possibly be done, to send an expedition up the Tennessee, making their first depot at Easport, their second at Tuscumbia. I have concerted with Hurlbut an expedition on Tuscumbia, and to cut the Georgia Railroad. Sent 1,900 picked men. If this succeeds, rebels must be driven into Georgia. River low and falling; weather fair.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 12, 1863-11 p.m. (Received Memphis, April 16.)

Major-General HURLBUT:

Colonel Streight, with near 2,000 picked men, will probably reach Eastport by Thursday next. Dodge, with the Marine Brigade and the gunboats, can occupy or whip the Tuscumbia forces, and let my force go directly to its main object-the destruction of the railroads. This great enterprise, fraught with great consequences, I beg you to commend to Dodge's care, enjoining on him to dispatch Streight by every means to his destination. Nothing, if possible, should for a moment arrest his progress.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FRANKLIN, April 12, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

My opinion is that if we move on Van Dorn with force enough to crush him, he will scatter and run. If he has the stronger force and position,

