
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 38. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 13, 1863.

The commanding general publishes, for the information of all concerned, that hereafter all persons found within our lines who commit acts for the benefit of the enemies of our country will be tried as spies or traitors, and, if convicted, will suffer death. This order includes the following class of persons: Carriers of secret mails; writers of letters sent by secret mails; secret recruiting officers within the lines; persons who have entered into an agreement to pass our lines for the purpose of joining the enemy; persons found concealed within our lines belonging to the service of the enemy, and, in fact, all persons found improperly within our lines who could give private information to the enemy, and all persons within our lines who harbor, protect, conceal, feed, clothe, or in any way aid the enemies of our country. The habit of declaring sympathy for the enemy will not be allowed in this department. Persons committing such offenses will be at once arrested, with a view to being tried as above stated, or sent beyond our lines into the lines of their friends.

It must be distinctly understood that treason, expressed or implied, will not tolerated in this department.

All officers and soldiers are strictly charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, April 14, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch received. Will send official report as soon as possible, and hope to be able to finish up Van Dorn at an early day, although it is impossible to catch him with infantry or whip him with my small cavalry force. No news from the front. Can't you spare me two or three more regiments of cavalry? Who is responsible for Brentwood? I learn that Morgan's forces are not judiciously posted. I am compelled to keep one of my strongest and best regiments of cavalry there. Please hurry up guns for fortifications. It is quite certain that Van Dorn was badly wounded in the head by a piece of shell, and carried from the field.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 14, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington:

General Wright telegraphs that his scouts from Lebanon report that a regiment of rebels (cavalry) passed through Columbia at 8.45 last night.

Tell Colonel Runkle to be on the alert, and to move on them if they are there.

What do you hear?

A. E. BURNSIDE.

