
The baggage and camp equipage of officers must be kept within limits that will allow them to be transported by regimental trains, and the men's knapsacks must not be overloaded.

Prompt requisitions should be made for any deficiencies in clothing, and each man should be provided with one extra pair of shoes.

Horses of all the mounted regiments and batteries must be kept well shod.

The troops will habitually be kept in a condition to break up camp and move at the shortest notice.

The attention of the responsible officers is called to the necessity of a prompt obedience of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 15, 1863.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that reports have reached here that a considerable force of rebels intend to attack our outposts on Stone's River to-night. The rebel force is reported to-day as being between Cainville and Milton, and were to come in the direction of the latter place. The general commanding directs you to send out three brigades immediately, two on the Lebanon and the other on the Las Casas pike, to strengthen these outposts. The cavalry will be held in readiness to out in the morning, if necessary. Your men should take three days' rations, and be in readiness to make an expedition against the rebels beyond Stone's River to-morrow.

The general desires to consult with you in person as soon as the above order is delivered.

Your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 15, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

It is reported that the rebels design to attack our outposts on Stone's River to-night, on the Lebanon or Liberty pike. They are reported in considerable force between Cainsville and Milton to-day. The general commanding directs you to be in readiness to go against them in the morning. Three brigades have just been ordered out to support the outposts. Please come to headquarters when you have given the necessary orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

