HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 15, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

Brisk cannonading is now going on in the direction of Readyville. The general commanding directs you to hold your command in readiness, with two days' rations, to march, if necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CLARKSVILLE, April 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

I have barricaded the ferry-boat Excelsior with hay, and used it as a gunboat. Convoyed fleet above the Shoals with it; recovered the starboard gun from the wreck of the Sidell; dispersed rebel band at the Shoals, who were waiting to fire on unprotected boats. Captured several of the men belonging to Woodward's command.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CARTHAGE, TENN., April 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I sent three regiments to Rome day before yesterday to protect the boats by that point. They returned by way of Middleton yesterday morning. They came upon the enemy there in force; skirmishing ensued without much result on either side. I sent General Spear with his brigade last evening as re-enforcements, thinking he could only drive them away without catching them. He returned during the night, leaving the rebels there. The rebel force is estimated from 6,000 to 10,000. From the most reliable information, I think they have nearly 4,000, with one battery of artillery. From prisoners captured, they state that the force is composed of Wheeler's, Wharton's, and Morgan's commands, and that Wheeler and Wharton are in command; also that part of this force captured the cars at La Vergne. This force came from the direction of Lebanon, where they had a forage train. I think this demonstration is to cover some move, as they are not foraging.

I have a secret expedition between here and Gallatin. I have but one boat (Fisher) here. I cannot send it to Nashville until some boat takes its place. The river is rising, and probably this will be the last opportunity to get supplies here by water. My requisitions for the necessary supplies have been sent. Will there be any cavalry here soon? When will the gunboats be sent here? We need them.

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, April 15, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

It is reported that rebel cavalry are concentrating on Hardin pike, near Harpeth. I have ordered out scouts early in the morning to find out. It is possible they intend to make a circuit of our position, passing

