
between Nashville, Brentwood, and La Vergne, and out toward Lebanon, intercepting and destroying the trains on both railroads.

G. GRANGER.

GALLATIN, TENN., April 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

The freight train ran back with the news that the track is torn 5 miles north of here, and the rebels are at the tunnel. Shall leave here in fifteen minutes with 600 men on the cars.

E. A. PAINE.

COLUMBUS, KY., April 15, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders communicated in my report under No. 1178, to search the house and neighborhood of one Henderson Wright, south of the Obion River, in order to capture the rebel Captain Scales, with his band, Captain Hutchens, commanding, Company E, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, started on the morning of the 9th instant, and, crossing the Obion, after a ride of 43 miles reached the plantation of Wright, occupied by the rebel Captain Scales as his headquarters in his organization of a battalion.

A body of cavalry received our men with a volley of musketry, but Captain Hutchens ordered a charge, resulting in the death of 4 of the rebels and capture of 26 men, with 13 horses, and the complete dispersion of the band.

Among the prisoners, a list of whom is herewith inclosed,* are Captain Scales, the commander of a rebel battalion, and Lieutenant Vorheis, with their appointments as officers of the rebel army in their pockets; also Henderson Wright, a most dangerous rebel.

From positive information, I would state that there are yet several bodies of conscripts, under Captains Parks, Carter, and others, appointed by Pillow and Forrest, south of the Obion, and I only await the return of my informant with guides to make a combined cavalry movement on them, as the Fourth Missouri Cavalry has arrived, and will be in a few days ready for duty.

Reviewing the presence of rebel parties on the Obion, at Paris, and Mussy, Tenn., and another at Dresden, Tenn., in connection with the avowed and published intention of Pillow to conscript in the counties of my district, I must regard as most opportune the decision of the General-in-Chief in permitting the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to remain in this district.

Adjutant-General Thomas, on his late visit to this post, also admitted the necessity of more cavalry here. I therefore respectfully solicit the exercise of your influence to prevent the projected removal of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to the Department of the Cumberland, and as it is urgently required to send more cavalry to Fort Heiman, and form a connecting chain of cavalry posts between the Mississippi and Tennessee, also to control properly the railroad and telegraph, I would request that an additional regiment of cavalry be ordered for duty to my district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

16 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

