
CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 15, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy attempted to cross the Cumberland at Robertsport last night, but retreated as soon as our forces made their appearance. All quiet this morning.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 15, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington, Ky.:

In the absence of more definite information from Wolford, the disposition of the troops can remain as they are for the present. If it should prove that the enemy have really crossed in force, you must concentrate our forces at a point where we can meet them. The forces at Lebanon are held in readiness to co-operate with Carter at a moment's notice. It may become necessary to move the whole of Sturgis' division down to Richmond. If the emergency arises, give such orders as you may deem necessary, and you will be sustained. Keep your operators on the alert, and instruct you officers in the advance to send you frequent reports, which you can transmit to the headquarters. I cannot believe that the enemy is crossing in a force equal to what we can concentrate to meet them.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 16, 1863.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Chief of Cavalry:

The general commanding has determined to drive the rebels from the country between Stone's River, Caney Fork, and the Cumberland. To effect this purpose he places under your command the following forces: Two brigades of infantry and Colonel Wilder's force of mounted infantry now at the crossing of Stone's River, on the Lebanon pike, and two brigades of infantry now 5 miles from this place, on the Las Casas pike. These forces have been supplied with five days' rations, and ordered to hold themselves in readiness to march to-morrow morning. In addition to these, you will take your available cavalry force. The general commanding suggests that a column should be sent by way of Baird's Mills, and from there by Statesville to Liberty, or by way of Lebanon and Alexandria to Liberty, as may seem best. From Liberty you will push on rapidly to McMinnville, and, if possible, destroy the rebel force or drive them from that place and its vicinity. Destroy the cotton mills there, and all depots of supplies for the rebel army. The general desires you to make thorough work this time, so there may be no need of another expedition. General Morton has been ordered to be ready with his pontoon train at daylight to-morrow morning, to throw two bridges across Stone's River, one on the Lebanon and the other on the Las Casas pike. You will send a staff officer to communicate any orders to the forces on these pikes that you may desire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

