
Jamestown. I shall order General Willcox to increase his cavalry forces at Somerset and London, and to scour the country in his front. You can issue the orders at once. Ascertain from your advance what meant we can have for crossing at Creelsborough and Burkeville, with a view of getting in the rear of Monticello at the same time that a cavalry force is crossed at Waitsborough and Mill Springs.

I send a copy of dispatch sent to General Willcox, and this dispatch will be repeated to him.

I inclose a copy of dispatch sent to General Wright. I understand you that you sent the Second Ohio Cavalry to Somerset. Have Garrard's regiment ready to start, adn ascertain from Wolford what [means] he can have for crossing at Waitsborough and Mill Springs. The dispatch to General Wright will explain to you the object of this movement. There is no reason why we should not capture the force at Monticello, or break them up, if we can cross the river. The Forty-fourth Ohio can scour the country in front of London, and Wolford in front of Somerset. What artillery has Wolford in front?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, April 16, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following memoranda, showing the present military wants of the district under my command, according to the best of my judgment, viz:

The troops within the district should be increased to an aggregate of at least 4,000, requiring an addition of 2,500 men, all of which addition should be infantry.

A double line of fortifications (earthworks), the rear of secondary line placed opposite the intervals of the front or advance line, and distant from each other not more than a day's march for infantry-at most not over 30 miles. This line should be extended on both sides of the boundaries of the district, communication with the forces on either side maintained, and co-operation, when necessary, required.

The erection of a telegraph line from Gallipolis to a point opposite Catlettsburg, on the Ohio River, with a lateral line to such point as may be determined upon as headquarters of the district.

Two full batteries of artillery (sixteen pieces), smooth-bores and howitzers, two of the latter to be 12-pounders, the remainder 6-pounders. Four mountain howitzers exclusive of the above.

Enfield or Springfield rifles for the Thirty-ninth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, with slings and without bayonets. The arms now in possession of that regiment to be deposited with my ordnance officer, for the use of citizens when called into camp, but not to be carried to their homes.

A commissary of subsistence, Captain [William L.] Mallory, lately on duty with me, having been relieved and ordered to report to General Rosecrans, his successor should be a vigorous, energetic man, as will as thoroughly informed in his duties.

A competent engineer, to locate and design the fortifications contemplated at such points as may be designated.

Subsistence for six months should be taken up by water (Big Sandy River) during the spring, and field transportation, except between the posts or stations at and near the front, dispensed with entirely, periodical supply by wagon trains being attended with great difficulty, hazard, and expense. Most of the supplies should be held in reserve at the most convenient point, for distribution to the outposts, and strongly guarded.

