
These things have been already discussed, and are respectfully submitted as a remainder only, not as suggestions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Eastern Kentucky.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 17, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Please authorize me to suspend the execution of General Orders, No. 86, current series, from the War Department,* until thorough examination can be had and report made to you. All the general officers here will concur in saying that its immediate execution will strike a severe blow at the spirit and discipline of the army, and would deprive me of the services of many able and experienced officers, who will be greatly needed when regiments are filled up. I fully concur in these views, and think the framework of most of the regiments should be preserved and filled with conscripts, which will greatly expedite the increase of our military force. On the contrary, the immediate execution of this order will greatly impair our present strength, and by an by give us new regiments wholly made up of raw material. We have already had a sad experience in regard to the inefficiency of such a force. The order will fall with peculiarly disastrous weight on our batteries. I earnestly solicit an early response.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 17, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

No advices from those two regiments of Michigan cavalry. Will they be sent? I repeat what I have often said, the true objective for us being the enemy's forces, not a locality, our fundamental want is mounted forces sufficient to control the country, and, in case we beat them, to follow and destroy them. I have been urgent in asking for horses since October last. We have 3,500 dismounted cavalry. If horses cannot be purchased, they should be pressed.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, April 17 [?], 1863.

Major-General OGLESBY,

Jackson:

Captain [George E.] Spencer, my assistant adjutant-general, has just returned from Tuscumbia; succeeded in getting through all the enemy's camps and obtaining valuable information. The forces are posted as follows: Colonel Dibrell, 900 men, at Tuscumbia Landing; Colonel [Josiah] Patterson, 1,000, at Florence; Colonel [M. W.] hannon, 1,800,

---------------

*Of April 2, 1863, which directs the consolidation of regiments, &amp;c., and the muster out of supernumerary officers. See Series III.

---------------

