HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 17, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you the following points with regard to the position of forces in West Virginia:

1st. The enemy's force in front of Newbern to the Tennessee line is a unit, and acts as one body; hence, whether they make aggressive movements through Eastern Kentucky or West Virginia, they can only be properly met when there is an intimate connection between the troops on the Kanawha and on the Big Sandy.

2nd. The Kanawha Valley has its natural base of supplies at Gallipolis, in Ohio, and must draw its stores from the Department of the Ohio, while its connection with the East is remote, roundabout, and precarious.

3rd. The Lower Kanawha region will always be unsafe, unless the Kentucky flank is guarded by a plan perfectly understood between the commandants of the two districts, and lack of this mutual understanding makes great liability to raids, such as that lately made to Point Pleasant. If connected, it will be easy to establish a chain of outposts across the entire front, while the supports at central points, like Charleston and Louisa, will be available at any part of the circumference. What would seem to be the natural boundary of that part of Virginia which should be attached to this department is the ridge between the connecting with General Schenck, at Somerville Court-House.

Without any desire to increase the limits of this department, I would respectfully suggest that the good of the public service seems to require that the forces of Eastern Kentucky and West Virginia should belong to one command.

A copy of this communication has been sent to General Schenck.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

CINCINNATI, April 17, 1863.

General WRIGTH:

I wish your forces to cross with a view to getting in rear of Monticello, but want Willcox to make a co-operating attack in front. Before giving the order, it is necessary, to avoid confusion, to know just how your cavalry force from Lebanon and Glasgow will be situated to-night, with number of men and amount of artillery; in fact, and exact statement of the order you have given in needed. I will inform you accurately of orders given to Willcox.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 18, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The Quartermaster-General has instructed his officers to furnish you with all the horses they can procure. You have full authority to seize

