
all horses in the enemy's territory, but we cannot impress them in loyal States.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 18, 1863-10.50 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Orders, No. 86,does not require you to make the consolidation immediately. The time must depend upon the circumstances of each case, and is subject to your discretion.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 18, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fifth Division, Fourteenth Corps:

The general commanding has determined to drive the enemy's forces from the country between Stone's River, Caney Fork, and the Cumberland, and has designated you for that duty, and has placed under your command for that purpose the following forces, in addition to your own division: First, Second Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, Brigadier-General Wagner commanding; second, Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, Colonel Hambright commanding; third, 1,500 cavalry, Colonel Minty commanding. With this force you will proceed to Readyville on Monday, the 20th instant. From there you will march rapidly to McMinnville, leaving two infantry brigades at Glasscock's, with orders to proceed from there to Half-Acre, and subsequently to join you at or near Mrs. Beckwith's, on the Smithville and Liberty pike. With your cavalry, mounted infantry, and one brigade of infantry you will push forward directly to McMinnville, destroying or capturing any rebel forces you may find there, and destroy the cotton mills and railroad trains, as well as all depots of supplies for the rebel army. From Glasscock's you will send such a force of cavalry as you may judge sufficient for the purpose, to move southward by way of Jacksborough, and cut the railroad near Vervilla and rejoin you at McMinnville or on your journey northward. Your work at McMinnville and vicinity being accomplished, you will proceed to Liberty, having on the route formed a junction with the infantry force sent out by way of Half-Acre.

You are expected to reach Liberty on the 24th instant, at which time and place provisions will reach you from here, under guard of one brigade of infantry. General Crook will also communicate with you at that place from Carthage.

On the following day send a portion of your cavalry back to Smithville, to ascertain if the enemy be following you, and, if possible, draw him into an ambuscade. This done, you will send to their respective camps such portions of the force under you command as you may not need for the prosecution of your work, and with the remainder proceed to Lebanon, where you will establish your temporary headquarters, and completely scout the country in the Peninsula, secure or destroy the supplies of rebels, and arrest and bring into camp all persons whom

