
you may regard as dangerous to the interests of this army. You are authorized to modify any particulars in these general instructions whenever circumstances shall render it clearly necessary, or any considerable advantage is to be gained by a departure from them.

The general commanding desires you to do this work so thoroughly that another expedition will not be needed in that direction. Report your progress as often as practicable. The commanding officers of the forces placed under your command have been ordered to report to you in person for orders. Make a report of the number of rations and amount of ammunition you will require to be sent you at Liberty. The brigade sent to escort it you are authorized to assume command of, if you need it. You can also take the wagon train with you to Lebanon, if you think proper. Finish your work in that direction, and return to camp as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

JACKSON, April 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scout in at Corinth reports Lieutenant Fitch, commanding Lexington, with two boats, went up river at daylight yesterday morning; thinks they reached Eastport last evening. Lieutenant Fitch has four of his best boats; can carry about 2,000 infantry. Two of his boats waiting at Fort Henry to convoy transports. River rising slowly. At dark last night, Seventh Kansas had not reached Chewalla. Dodge took all cavalry from Corinth and Glendale, leaving small detachments at Camp Davies and Chewalla. Part of this has been used as escort to messengers to Dodge.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

JACKSON, April 18, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Colonel Fuller sends following dispatch:

A scout from Bear Creek says he saw one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry cross Bear Creek at Mann's Ferry on Wednesday, and plant twelve guns on the west bank. Another scout from Booneville brings rumor of 16,000 rebels, and adds that Forrest, Morgan, and Roddey, with part Van Dorn's force, are also between us and Tuscumbia.

I have directed Fuller to send same dispatch to Dodge.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,Savannah, Tenn., April 18, 1863.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE:

Yours of the 14th is before me. I will move up the river at daylight to-morrow morning. We have 130,000 rations on board for you. Will halt at Hamburg for messenger from you, and if I do not hear from

