
you there, I will proceed to Eastport, where I shall endeavor to open communication with you. Ellet's Marine Brigade and four gunboats are with us.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

A. D. STREIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, April 18, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington, Ky.:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Wright:

APRIL 17.

Colonel Bramlette, district attorney, gives the following as disposition of rebel force in Wayne County: One regiment at Hale's, 4 miles from Monticello, on Albany road; one in Monticello; one on Somerset road, 5 miles above Monticello; one or two 1 mile from Mill Springs; one 12 miles above Monticello, on Somerset road; one on Coffey's place, near Monticello; and that there are nine in all; two not located; all mounted, and estimated not to exceed 3,000 in all. Another estimate by scouts sent out by General Rosecrans, and furnished by them to General Manson, puts number at 5,000, with five guns. The two regiments from Lebanon will not probably pass beyond Columbia to-night, and the third did not leave Lebanon until near 8 p.m. to-day. Force from Glasgow moved at 1 p.m. to-day, 1,200 strong.

Another, dated 11.40 p.m., says:

Colonel Jacob, with two regiments and two pieces, has arrived at Columbia, and sends reports that three rebel regiments are across the Cumberland at Burkeville, and other regiments are said to be at different on that river.

I have sent him the following order:

Close up your command, and move an rebels at Burkeville to-morrow, unless you find them in too strong force. We ought to be able to attack them Sunday morning with fresh horses and troops. Leave order at Columbia for the Eleventh Kentucky to proceed to Creelsborough, unless the rebels are in too strong force there to be met by Holeman's small command. Any movement toward Jamestown will be deferred till further orders.

I have replied to General Wright as follows:

Your dispositions of troops, as advised by your last dispatch, seem to be correct, and are approved. Let the movement as to crossing the river remain discretionary with the commanding officer at the fort. There will be time to order it peremptorily to-night if circumstances to-day seem to warrant it. Willcox has been ordered to attack any force that may be on this side of the river near Somerset to-morrow morning.

This last dispatch has just been sent to Wright. You will, therefore, direct your forces at Somerset to concentrate, so as to make an attack to-morrow morning on any rebel forces that may be on the north side of the Cumberland in that neighborhood. The crossing will be left discretionary with the commanding officer. He is supposed to move carefully, so as not to be attacked by the whole rebel force at once and overwhelmed. There will be time to order the crossing peremptorily to-night if the developments of to-day should warrant it.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, April 18, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington, Ky.:

Wright's dispatch, a copy of which I sent to you, indicates his points of attack. About 1,200 cavalry will attack at Burkesville, and the forces from Glasgow will attack at Celina.

