
rived last night at Corinth; one company detailed this morning to carry dispatches to General Dodge. May I ask if Captain [Charles] Wills has been detailed on my staff as aide-de-camp?

I place no reliance upon the exaggerated reports of scouts yesterday as to forces of enemy on the line of Bear Creek and Tennessee River, nor as to movement at this time to cut railroad between Jackson and Bethel.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

JACKSON, April 19, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following [dispatch] of this day just received from Colonel Fuller:

Have just heard from Colonel Straight and General Ellet. Straight says he would stop at Hamburg this morning. If he found no messenger there, would go up to Eastport, and would try to communicate there. Ellet fears can't go above Hamburg; his boats draw too much to reach either of the places Dodge designated. I have forwarded this news to Dodge.

J. W. FULLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

JACKSON, April 19, 1863-late p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Colonel Fuller's forces will leave at 6 to-morrow. He will wait until my arrival there at 9. He says he leaves about 800 men; unable to march 200. Convalescents organized into three battalions. The outposts are about as they were before. In place of the 2,000 from here, I have ordered 600 infantry from Bolivar. I have ordered no cavalry from here. I think Dodge will have his hands full if he crossed Bear Creek again.

OGLESBY,

Major-General.

JACKSON, April 19, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT;

I send following dispatches from Fuller, just received dated April 18 and 19:

Refugees, just in at Glendale, report heavy cannonading on Thursday near Tuscumbia. Another scout reports hearing five or six shots near Chickasaw, or Bear Creek. I think it was rebels firing on our cavalry far in advance of infantry. As it was so long after the general expected the Kansas cavalry, I am of opinion that it would be better for all to take the shortest route to Dodge. They have orders to start at 6. If you think best, I will countermand orders sending main body, via Jacinto, and let all go through to Dodge. The scouts who destroyed railroad bridge report only three companies and one battery at Mann's Ferry. Scouts have scoured the country beyond Kossuth. Report nothing this side of Hatchie. I hear nothing south nearer than Verona.

J. W. FULLER.

I have just sent the following to Fuller in reply:

Colonel FULLER:

You had better follow order of Dodge, unless you clearly see it impracticable to do so. I see no reason why cavalry may not go by Jacinto. If Dodge wishes them to come direct, I think he would let you know.

R. J. OGLESBY.

