
are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States should be presumed loyal; in short, the weight of inconvenience that may arise to the community should fall as much as possible on the wealthy, who are receiving protection from the Government while sympathizing with our enemies. In regard to payment for these horses, you will please be guided by my letter to Colonel Lilly, a copy of which has been sent to you.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FRANKLIN, April 19, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I don't clearly understand the object of building a brigade at Rutherford, but will try to find out as early as possible. It will require two weeks' labor to build the bridge, and stores are being brought to this side of Duck River constantly. If they attack Nashville on this flank, it must prove a failure; but if their object is to cross the Lower Cumberland, it may cause us much trouble. I am inclined to believe that the bridge is for their own safety, and to procure a safe retreat. Unless Van Dorn is largely re-enforced, nothing can be accomplished against this flank. When our forts are done and the guns in position, 2,000 men can hold them against five times their numbers. Russell is home, and swears you are the greatest man living. The fortifications will be hurried to the utmost.

G. GRANGER.

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 20, 1863-3 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I send for your information the following dispatch, sent by me:

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 20, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The enemy at Tuscumbia has been largely re-enforced by infantry. The deal in Straight's coming up compelled Dodge to attack. He did so, and drove them from Bear Creek to Caney Creek with heavy loss. Our loss 100, and one piece of artillery disabled, but saved. Straight is now in Eastport, in communication with Dodge and the gunboats. I re-enforced Dodge to-day with 2,000 men, and with instructions that, if he finds the enemy too strong to be dislodged from Tuscumbia, that Straight should proceed in rear of Dodge, by Tupelo, and then across the country. I sent cavalry on Friday to cut the Mobile and Ohio Railroad below Tupelo, and also to push down to the Jackson and Vicksburg Railroad and cut that. I recommend a strong demonstration on the enemy's left, to relieve the movement on Tuscumbia. I shall keep you informed of anything further that I learn.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Colonel Straight, in command of General Rosecrans' expedition did nt come up until four days after the time agreed upon for the movement to commence.

S. A. HURLBUT.

Major-General.

