HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 20, 1863-7.15 p.m.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Corps:

The general commanding directs you to send one brigade immediately on the Lebanon pike to Stone's River. The enemy appears to be demonstrating toward La Vergne, and your brigade is designed to attract his attention this way. Colonel Palmer's cavalry will report to you, to accompany the brigade. Direct them to build a considerable line of fires in their front, and make an ostentatious display of force. The cavalry may feel out cautiously beyond the river in the morning. The whole force will take two days' rations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 20, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK:

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to send one brigade, with three days' rations, out on the Shelbyville pike to-morrow morning; also a brigade, or such part of a brigade as you may deem sufficient, with three days' rations, to go out beyond Salem 4 or 5 miles, toward Versailles or down the Middleton road, as you may think best. The design of these movements is to cover an expedition of General Reynolds to McMinnville by threating the enemy in front. Direct these forces to advance cautiously, as if desiring to conceal their movements, but to go far enough to create the impression that we are preparing an advance on Shelbyville. Of course, it is not desired to engage the enemy, unless he attacks, but it may be well for you to be in readiness to support these advanced forces should it become necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Murfreesborough, April 20, 1863.

Colonel W. J. PALMER, Commanding Anderson Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs you to report with the whole of your available force to Major-General Crittenden immediately, to accompany a brigade from his corps out on the Lebanon pike to the crossing of Stone's River. He directs me to say that he wishes you to make as much display of your force as possible, to induce the enemy to believe that we are moving in large force. It is not intended that these troops shall cross the river to-night.

You will receive further orders from General Crittenden, to whom you will report in person as soon as you have given the necessary orders to your command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

17 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

