HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 20, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Corps:

The general commanding directs you to send a brigade, with three days' rations, to-morrow morning out on the Manchester pike 5 or 6 miles or far enough to engage the attention of the enemy. He desires it to move cautiously as if desiring to conceal its advance; the purpose being to cover the movements of General Reynolds by a diversion in their front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CLARKSVILLE, April 20, 1863-11.15 a.m.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Woodward's force, 600 strong and two pieces of artillery, left Van Lew's furnace Saturday midnight, upon Van Dorn's order, for Columbia, traveling by way of Centreville for fear of being cut off. All quiet.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

LA VERGNE, April 20, 1863.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Reports from citizens are that General Wheeler, with all his command, is within 6 miles of Charlton's Ford, 5 miles down Stone's River from here; also a large force of cavalry between Baird's Mills and Lebanon. They report that the rebels say thay will attack La Vergne and clear out the force here. Don't think the rebels can do it. Our patrols have had slight skirmishing across Stone's River, 8 miles from here.

GEO. P. ESTE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO

April 20, 1863.

General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I will do all I can to assist General Stanley to horses. The Second Ohio is now on the Cumberland above Burkesville, and will be sent to you as soon as I can relieve it. In sending this regiment, and giving you all the horses that are purchased, I necessarily delay my own move meats, but you can rely upon as early a co-operation as possible. We now hold Tompkinsville, Celina and the entire line of the Cumberland. Above there is about 4,000 of the enemy's cavalry, in and about Monticello. The gaps are held by very small forces. The other troops that are in East Tennessee are along the line of the Clinch River, with General [D. S.] Donelson in command. He has with him [W. G. M.] Davis, Gracie, and A. E. Jackson. I will either return you the Twelfth Kentucky Regiment or send another in its place. I will be glad to send you the Seventy-first Indiana when it is ready to leave Indianapolis, if it can

