
be spared. My only fear is, that in sending so much of the force from here I will not be able to make a proper diversion in your favor. Our cavalry attacked the enemy at Creelsborough and Celina on Saturday, with good results. No enemy north of the Cumberland now. I hope to break up the force at Monticello in two or three days.

The two English officers came to me with a letter of introduction from a friend of mine in Chicago. I do not know how they are accredited to him, but think they are all right. I gave the pass, perhaps, without proper consideration.

I shall concentrate the west column under Hartsuff, as soon as possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the Ohio.

CINCINNATI OHIO, April 20, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Our advance posts are now on the Cumberland, from Celina to Somerset, with strong pickets as high up as Barboursville. There is no rebel force in Kentucky now north of the Cumberland except some strolling bands and guerrillas and very few of them. There is a considerable force at Monticello which we hope to break up to-morrow, unless events should transpire during to-day demonstrating that movement would embarrass us in a more important contemplated movement. I will inform you of the result to-morrow. It is very important that the troops that were in this department when I came should be organized into a corps. If they were attached to the Ninth Corps it would be too large, and, besides in operating in the direction of East Tennessee, it will be necessary to move in two columns at least. General Hartsuff is here, and I would be glad to have him assigned to that corps. Please let me have an answer to-day, if possible. General Rosecrans' requirements for animals are so large that I find it very difficult to organize the supply and ammunition trains for this department; but I hope to send you a definite statement of my plans very soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 20, 1863.

General WRIGHT, Louisville, Ky.:

The following reliable information is received:

The whole rebel force in East Tennessee does not exceed 10,000. Nearly all the forces in the gaps have been withdrawn, and the line of defense is now along Clinch River. General Donelson is in command, and has with him Generals Davis, Gracie and A. E. Jackson. Humphrey Marshall is still in Southeastern Kentucky, in a position to fall back to Cumberland or Pound Gap. His force is variously estimated from 1,500 to 4,000. The forces about Monticello are disposed as follows: Cluke, with 800 men, 4 miles east of Monticello; [J. J.] Morrison, with 400, near Robertsport; Ashby, with 400, on Meadow Creek, 10 miles from Monticello; [James E.] Carter, with 400 at Hernon Valley, 6 miles from Monticello; Chenault, in Monticello, with 350 and three battalions or regiments between Monticello and Burkesville, and two other regiments

