HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., April 20, 1863.

Brigadier General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Commanding District of Western Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have recently had my attention direction to the condition of affairs at and in the vicinity of Franklin, in this State, and have a mass of evidence going to prove that the population is not only generally disloyal, but has been actively so. At the same time their proceedings have been so cautiously conducted that I have been unable to acquire sufficient proof to convict of any overt act. Its vicinity has been the favorite locality for the operations of the small predatory bands so difficult to capture and capable of mischief.

In view of these facts and that from its position it is indicated as an advantageous outpost to this post, and a proper base for scouting parties in all directions, I respectfully suggest that a mounted force of, say, five companies be stationed there, subject to my orders.

I am satisfied that a few points in this section of the State could a force be more profitably employed, not only as far as military operations are concerned, but as a check upon contraband trade with the enemy. I would, under my instructions, assume the responsibility of sending a portion of the mounted force at this point could I spare them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, April 20, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: Having made a study of the routes from Kentucky to Eastern Tennessee, I have thought that I might be able to assist you somewhat, and therefore write you this note.

The best route is from Lebanon to Columbia, thence to Creelsborough, on the Cumberland, thence to Albany, thence to Livingston, thence to Crossville, thence to Kingston. This road is generally smooth, except the hills in the vicinity of Wolf and Obie's Rivers.

The next best road is the same as the former as far as Albany, thence to Jamestown, 26 miles over a very rough road, from Jamestown to Montgomery, and from Montgomery to Kingston. On this road a considerable quantity of forage can be procured. The people are generally loyal, and there are more natural obstacles for an enemy to overcome on your right flank than on the route through Livingston. You can also make use of Lebanon, Nicholasville, and Lexington as depots, and transport supplies to the Cumberland at Jamestown and at Waitsborough, first, by a route from Lebanon, leading up the Rolling Fork, good in summer and fall; by Bradfordsville to Liberty, at which place you branch off to either Jamestown or Somerset; second, from Lebanon and Nicholasville, by way of Danville, to Somerset, through Hustonville Middleburgh, or Coffee's Mill and Doughtry's Store, or through Stanford and by still another through Lancaster and Crab Orchard; third from Lexington to Somerset,through Richmond and Crab Orchard average road or through Richmond, Lancaster, and Stanford, a

