
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Numbers 87. Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

In accordance with the proclamation of the President of the United States, Thursday the 30th day of the present month, will be observed in this army as a day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer.

The general commanding desires, in thus ordering the observance of this national fast, to impress upon the minds of the officers and soldiers of this army the fact that if we expect the blessing of Almighty God upon our efforts to suppress this rebellion, we must place our trust in Him. Let us acknowledge our entire dependence on Him; let us, by this public and solemn act of humiliation confess the truth that we have often outraged the rights of conscience, and disregarded the authority of the God, of truth and justice. Let us,then, as reason and religion dictate, arise from our humiliation with a firm resolution that we will hereafter avoid blasphemy, impurity, and every kind of wrong toward God, our neighbors, or ourselves, humbly hoping and trusting that God in his mercy will aid us in keeping our good resolutions, and that He will deliver us from the unjust and cruel enemy, who, with lying lips and malicious hearts, seek to destroy us and the nation. If we do this we shall surely conquer peace and liberty for ourselves and our children, both North and South.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 21, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief:

The latest information from East Tennessee indicates that the force there does not exceed 10,000, nearly all of which is along Clinch River, the gaps being held by small forces.

Humphrey Marshall is still in Southeastern Kentucky, beyond Goose Creek salt-works, ready to fall back to either Cumberland or Pound Gap. His force is variously estimated at from 1,500 to 4,000 (nearer the former), and, I think in bad condition.

There are about 4,000 cavalry in and about Monticello. The cavalry sent out from Glasgow attacked the enemy near Celina, killed 30, wounded many, captured their camp, and was in full pursuit when last heard from. The command sent out from Lebanon attacked the enemy near Creelsborough broke them up, and was also in pursuit when last heard from. Our forces now occupy the line of the Cumberland, and a small advance guard crossed at Williamsburg, and drove a rebel regiment within 6 miles of the Tennessee line.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

RICHMOND, KY., April 21, 1863.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I deem it my duty, as it certainly is my pleasure, to represent to the general commanding the department the strong, ardent, and confiding attachment which everywhere prevails throughout this beau-

