
tiful country for the cause of the Union. The sympathizers with rebellion (and, of course, these must be many) are extremely quiet and subdued, and your Orders, Numbers 38, has acted like a charm upon them. I do not think, however that a politic or even just course has been pursued toward the loyal portion of this (Madison) and Clark Counties. I can only speak from observation of these two counties. In the absence of our force they (the loyal people) have suffered greatly by guerrillas of the enemy, and when our own troops have been here they have been furnished with supplies of corn, hay, &amp;c., for which they received, in numerous cases mere slips of paper setting forth the fact of the purchase, which receive no consideration from the quartermasters to whom they are presented. In other cases regular vouchers have been given; yet, so far as I can learn, not one dollar has been received therefor. This course, I need hardly say, produces a bad impression as regards the good faith of the Government toward loyal and faithful citizens, and is causing much forage to be held back (and, no doubt, in many cases concealed), which is now greatly needed for our animals. I would respectfully suggest, therefore, that steps be taken to settle up such claims as early as practicable and to furnish means to the quartermaster's department, so that cash may be paid for necessary purchases as often a possible. I have heard complaints, too, in various parts of the country where I have been, and from the most respectable and loyal gentlemen, against the post quartermaster at Lexington, Captain [Henry J.] Latshaw. Everywhere I hear of the rough and cavalier treatment received by gentlemen of high standing in society, when business has called them to his office. It is even said (I will not be responsible for the truth of the statement) that he refused payment on regular vouchers, pleading the absence of money, when the money has been paid to a third party buying these vouchersat a discount of 10 per cent. This officer is not personally known to me; but, whether these things are true or not, I am satisfied that he is deservedly obnoxious to the community in general, and ought to be cautioned or removed.

I have taken the liberty of addressing this note direct to department headquarters for the reason that its contents are out of the usual routine business, and of such a character that the suggestions could not well be met by the district commander.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 47. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 21, 1863.

I. The traffic carried on in Confederate scrip, by some persons in this department is, recognized as a direct violation of General Orders, Numbers 38, and all parties detected in engaging in it will be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of that order.

II. The consolidation of regiments in this department under General Orders, Numbers 86, from the War Department, will, by authority from the War Department, be suspended during the discretion of the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

