HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, April 22, 1863.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN, Commanding Twenty-first Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to order the four regiments of infantry and Colonel Palmer's regiment of cavalry, now at the crossing to Stone's River on the Lebanon pike, to march to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock by way of the pike on the farther side of Stone's River to Milton, and take up a good position for defense of that place. The object of this movement is to cover the flank of a brigade of General Thomas' corps which goes out to-morrow morning with a supply train for General Reynolds at Liberty. This brigade goes out on the Liberty pike, crossing the river near Hall's Mills.

On arriving at Liberty, Colonel Palmer will detach about one-third of his cavalry force to report to General Granger (commanding the brigade from General Thomas' corps) and accompany him to Liberty and back to Milton. Your force will remain at Milton till General Granger returns, when it will move back and occupy its present position. Should it be attacked while at Milton, direct it to send word to General Cruft,at Cripple Creek, or to General Hazen, at Readyville, for assistance. Inform these two officers of this movement, and direct them to open communication with Milton. You will send two regiments of infantry to hold the position at the crossing of Stone's River on the Lebanon pike,in the absence of the force now there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, April 22, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS, Commanding Fifth Division:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that the enemy are reported as having taken a position in the cedars in the cedars on the right and left of the Lebanon pike, from Baird's Mills toward East Fork of Stone's River and are awaiting an opportunity either to attack the railroad or any body of our troops marching in an unguarded manner through that portion of country.

A brigade of General Crittenden's corps has been ordered to Milton, to co-operate with you, and the brigade which escorts the rations can be halted at Milton on its return, for one day, to strengthen the brigade ordered there, if you think it necessary.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. P. WILLARD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

(Indorsed on envelope): General Granger will direct this to be delivered on his arrival at Liberty.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Triune, April 22, 1863:

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that I have made a careful examination of this posi-

