
LA VERGNE, April 23, 1863.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

My patrols report all quiet along the river. Citizens report a part of Wharton's command, from 300 to 800, in the vicinity of Rural Hill. Wheeler, Morgan, and Wharton they report as near Alexandria. The citizens all seem to believe that the rebels will attack us. I guess not. Is the road from Jefferson up sufficiently guarded? There are good fords in that vicinity.

GEO. P. ESTE.

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, Ohio, April 23, 1863. (Received 6.55 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

On the 20th instant I sent the following dispatch to General Halleck:

It is very important that the troops that were in this department when I came should be organized into a corps. If they were attached to the Ninth Corps it would be too large, and, besides, in operating in the direction of East Tennessee, it will be necessary to move in two columns at least. General Hartsuff is here, and I would be glad to have him assigned to that corps.

I requested an immediate answer, but I see by the papers that General Halleck has gone to Suffolk. I am very desirous to have the work commenced at once. I hope I may receive the necessary authority to organize another corps at the earliest possible moment.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General, Commanding

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The Secretary of War has refused three applications to make the troops in Kentucky a distinct army corps, for the reason that they are not combined into a single corps, but act by detachments. Should these troops gain some important victory, he may make them a distinct corps as a reward.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, April 23, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dist. of Western Kentucky, Louisville, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: A few days since a squad of 7 soldiers, belonging to the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, made application to these headquarters for transportation to Louisville en route to Camp Chase, representing themselves as paroled prisoners, and exhibiting paroles given by assistant adjutant-general Second Brigade, Morgan's division, C. S. Army. The men say they were captured near Liberty, Tenn., on the 8th day of March, 1863, while with a foraging party of about 50 men under the commissioned officers sent out by General Crook commanding at Carthage. The whole foraging party was captured by a greatly superior force, as these men state. The officers were retained as prisoners, and the men paroled.

