HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, January 31, 1863.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK, U. S. Navy,Commanding Naval Forces, &amp;c., Cairo, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to call your attention to the importance to the army service of keeping the line of the Cumberland River between its mouth and Nashville constantly open to use of our steam transports, and request that, if within the naval means at your command, you assign to that portion of the river an iron-clad gunboat, plated with sufficiently heavy iron to resist field artillery, to assist in the above object. The Cumberland River during its present high stage affords the cheapest and most ready means of supply for the army under General Rosecrans, and the importance of securing the safe passage thereon of the many transports engaged in furnishing any supplies will fully justify such a disposition of a gunboat of the character referred to, if you have one to spare.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 3rd DIVISION, CENTER, 14TH ARMY CORPS, Mill Creek, near Nolensville, January 31, 1863.

C. GODDARD:

In obedience to orders from Major-General Thomas, on the arrival of the two regiments from Gallatin, I moved my command to this place. From information received from citizens, I am convinced the enemy have moved several thousand strong in the direction of Franklin and Charlotte. I intend making a reconnaissance in the direction of Franklin in the morning.

Respectfully,JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Third Division.

NASHVILLE, January 31, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have reliable information of about 1,000 mounted enemy passing down to or near the mouth of the Harpeth yesterday. I believe quite a force will concentrate there to annoy the fleet. They have some artillery.

WM. TRUESDAIL,

Chief of Police.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 7. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 31, 1863.

The following resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio have been received, and, in accordance with the request contained therein, are published to this army.

