
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 90. Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 24, 1863

The general commanding, finding that the War Department objects to the organization of the light battalions from the rolls of honor, as contemplated by Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 19, current series, from these headquarters,directs:

That those whose names appear on the rolls of honor remain on duty with their respective commands, and that they be distinguished, when on military duty, by wearing a red ribbon, tied in the button-hole or attached to the coat over the left breast.

The issue of first-class arms, provided for in General Orders, Numbers 19, will be made as soon as practicable.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, April 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Up to this hour nothing from Dodge to-day. I sent out dispatches with escort to Hamburg at 2 to-day. I expect something to-night. Three privates of Second Iowa Cavalry came into Camp Davis to-day (cut off from regiment), and report your cavalry at Okolona. On Wednesday last, burned barracks of enemy at that place, also report seeing large fires at Tupelo and suppose enemy were burning their supplies there to avoid your cavalry, at Okolona; also report that Burton's [Barteau's], Harris' [Ham's], and Smith's forces had got in rear of your cavalry and were harassing them. As soon as the men come in, I will send you anything additional they may say.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 24, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati:

Your dispatch in relation to the organization of a new corps has been received, and directions given to issue the order immediately according to your request.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, April 24, 1863-11.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The following dispatch was received from General Hobson at 1 o'clock this morning:

Dispatch from Colonel Graham says that rebels burned the court-house at Tompkinsville on Wednesday evening [April 22], killing several Union men, and lights seen in different directions and is supposed they are burning those of Union men. It is of the utmost importance that an expedition of about 2,000 men, with section of battery, be sent to that point at once. It is reported that the enemy are in some force at Celina.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

18 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

