
I have ordered Colonel Graham, with his regiment and the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry and one section of artillery to move at once to Tompkinsville and attack and destroy the enemy, if possible.

I have also directed General Manson to send Colonel Jacob, with the Ninth and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, to co-operate with Graham, leaving the Eleventh Cavalry at Columbia. Nothing new from the other posts.

J. T. BOYLE.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., April 24, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The following telegram just received from Lebanon:

Colonel Jacob telegraphs, as reliable information, seven parts [?] of regiments still in Wayne County; one at Monticello; three at Baker's Mills, on Beaver Creek; one at Cook's, near the mouth of Beaver Creek, threatening. He expects larger force to attack stores and wagons at Columbia. He has started his train back to Lebanon. I hear nothing from scouts sent toward Jamestown.

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General.

I have directed General Manson to send two regiments of infantry at once to re-enforce Jacob, with orders to attack the enemy, if he is not too strong and is on this side of the Cumberland.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 25, 1863-3.20 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

You will immediately report the number of animals (horses and mules) in your army when you assumed command, and the number you have received since from every source.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, April 25, 1863.

Captain W. JENKINS, Assistant Quartermaster, Louisville:

General Rosecrans complains that horses are provided at Louisville for Saint Louis, while his requisitions are not filled. Is this so? His wants are urgent, and you have had orders to supply them. Spare no exertions to do so, and send no horses to any other army until he is supplied.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

LOUISVILLE, April 25, 1863.

(Received April 26-2.35 a.m.)

General M. C. MEIGS:

No horse have been sent from here to Saint Louis. General Rosecrans is supplied as fast as practicable. I will report the number furnished, as soon as I can ascertain.

T. SWORDS

Assistant Quartermaster-General

