
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, April 25, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS SWORDS.

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

Report the total number of horses and mules, separately, supplied to the army under General Rosecrans, since he took command, whether from Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Louisville, or elsewhere. Report by telegraph this morning. He complains that his requisitions are not complied with.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. TAYLOR,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough:

Report, by telegraph, this day, total number of horses issued to the army under command of General Rosecrans since he assumed command, stating, as nearly as practicable, the number received from the depots of the Department of the Ohio, and the number captured, impressed, seized, or purchased in the Department of the Cumberland. To-morrow send same information as to mules.

Report also total number of horses for cavalry, mounted infantry, and transportation (each separately), and of mules now in the service of the Army of the Cumberland and at its depots.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

McCOOK'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 25, 1863. (Received April 26-11.40 p.m.)

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding:

All quiet in my front. Sheridan has two brigades ready to move in case Crittenden is disturbed at Salem, one brigade to go direct to him, and one to move down the Middleton dirt road. The 12,000 men that attacked Crittenden when last out, at Salem, were 9 mules and 4 negroes. None of my guards have been killed. I have heard nothing of it.

A. McD. McCOOK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Numbers 91. Murfreesborough, Tenn., April 25, 1863.

It having been found that the flags prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 41, from these headquarters, December 19, 1862, to designate the headquarters of the various brigade, divisions, and corps of this army, are not sufficiently marked to be readily distinguished from each other, those herein described will be substituted.

General headquarters.- The national flag, 6 feet by 5, with a golden eagle below the stars, 2 feet from tip to tip.

Fourteenth Army Corps. - A bright blue flag, 6 feet by 4, fringed with black eagle in center, 2 feet from tip to tip, with the number "14" in black on shield, which shall be white.

