
Twentieth Army Corps. - A bright red flag, same as that for Fourteenth Army Corps, except the number on the shield, which shall be that of the corps.

Twenty-first Army Corps. - A bright red, white and blue flag (horizontal) same as that for Fourteenth Corps, except the number on the shield, which shall be that of the corps.

First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.- The flag of the corps, except the eagle and fringe, with one black star, 18 inches in diameter, point 2 inches from staff.

Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.- The flag of the corps, except eagle and fringe, with two black stars, each 18 inches in diameter, inner point 2 inches from staff.

Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. - The flag of the corps, except eagle and fringe, with three black stars, each 18 inches in diameter, set equally along staff, the inner point being 2 inches from staff.

Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. - The flag of the corps, except eagle and fringe with four black stars, each 18 inches in diameter, three of them along staff as before, the other set equally on the flag.

Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. - The flag of the corps, except eagle and fringe, with five black stars, each 18 inches in diameter, three of them along the staff, the other two equally distributed on flag.

The division flags of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Army Corps will correspond with the above, that is the corps flags (without eagle and fringe), with one, two, three, &amp;c., stars, according as they represent the first, second, third, &c., divisions.

The headquarters flags of all brigades will be the flags of their divisions, with the number of the brigade in white, 8 inches long, in center of each star.

The Regular brigade will have the corps and division flag but the stars shall be golden instead of black.

Artillery reserve. - Two bright red flags, each 4 feet by 2, one above the other.

Batteries. - Each battery shall have a small flag, corps colors and arrangement (but 1 foot 6 inches on staff, by 2 feet fly), with the letters and numbers of the battery inscribed thereon in black, 4 inches long, thus, "B, First Ohio."

Cavalry headquarters. - A bright red, white and blue flag, 6 feet by 4 colors running vertically, red outermost.

First Cavalry Division. - A bright red, white, and blue flag, 6 feet by 4, like last, with one star, 18 inches in diameter, black, the point 2 inches from staff.

Second Cavalry Division. - Same as last, except two black stars, each 18 inches in diameter.

As for infantry, the headquarters flags of brigades will be the flags of divisions, with the number of the brigade in black, 8 inches long.

Engineer Corps.- A white and blue flag, blue uppermost, and running horizontally, 6 feet by 4.

Hospitals and ambulance depots. - A light yellow flag, 3 feet by 3, for hospitals and the principal ambulance depot on the field of battle, 2 feet square for the lesser ones.

Subsistence depots and storehouses. - A plain light green flag, 3 feet square.

Quartermaster's depots or storehouses. - Same flag, with letters Q. M. D. in white, 1 foot long.

Ordnance department, general headquarters. - A bright green flag, 3 feet square, with two crossed cannon in white, set diagonally in a square

