
of 3 feet, with a circular ribbon of 6 inches wide and 3 feet greatest diameter (or diameter of inner circle 2 feet), with the letters "U. S. Ordnance Department", in black, 4 inches long, on ribbon, and a streamer above flag, 1 foot on staff by 4 feet long, crimson color, with words "Chief of Ordnance" in black, 6 inches long.

Division ordnance. - Same flag, with cannon and ribbon, but no streamer.

All these flags will be made according to a pattern to be furnished from the quartermaster's department.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, April 25, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington:

Fourteen hundred cavalry from Glasgow are moving Tompkinsville, which I will, if possible, move to Burkesville, and I will also move 1,200 or 1,500 cavalry, with some artillery, to either Burkesville or Jamestown, with instructions to cross Monday morning. If this force has not already moved too far, I will have it cross at Jamestown.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 25, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville:

Tell Graham to look out for a move by Morgan in the direction of Glasgow, and to threaten Burkesville and Celina from Tompkinsville. Inform both Jacob and Graham that Carter will cross the Cumberland at Waitsborough or Mill Springs early Monday morning, with infantry supported at the crossings. If they can make diversions in his favor it will be well. If Jacob can cross at Creelsborough or Jamestown, and move carefully in the direction of Albany, it will help Carter very much. Where is Jacob now? Send Colonel Morrison's brigade, now at Lebanon to the crossing of Green River, between Campbellsville and Columbia with a strong infantry and artillery guard at Columbia. We must occupy the enemy, and keep them from flanking Rosecrans. Tell garrisons on the railroad to keep sharp lookout. Please answer at once.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS.

Winchester, Ky., April 25, 1863.

Colonel N. BOWEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Central District of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

SIR: Information having reached me that the inhabitants around Mount Sterling are being thrown into a state of consternation and alarm (both loyal and disloyal) on account of an indiscriminate seizure of horses by our troops and a party of citizens, and knowing that I had authorized no such (or any) procedure, I directed the commanding officer to inform me by what authority he was acting. To my great surprise (and I may say regret), he inclosed me a copy of an order grant

