
6,000 men and batteries. This information is regarded as reliable. Colonel Braham will move his main force to Celina; will keep sufficient number at that point to prevent rebels crossing river. Reconnoitering parties will be kept on roads leading to Bennett's Ferry and Gainesborough. I have instructed him to blockade all the passes, if rebels advance in large and, if he is compelled to fall back on Glasgow, to give me information, by courier, of his own and rebels' movements. I have ordered General Manson to cross the river, if safe and practicable.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

It appears by this that Graham's force at Tompkinsville and Celina will have all it can do to watch Pegram and Morgan and that Manson's force commanded by Jacob, will cross at or near Creelsborough, if he can. I am inclined to think that Pegram will fall back on Morgan at Gainesborough, when Carter pursues. He (Carter) must move carefully, and be ready to join Jacob's force in pursuit of Morgan, in case Morgan should succeed in forcing a passage at Gainesborough, moving toward Glasgow.

I shall probably receive other dispatches from Boyle before morning, which will be forwarded to you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.,

CINCINNATI, April 26, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

Tell Carter that I find great difficulty in getting definite information from the forces moving on Creelsborough and Burkesville and I cannot learn positively that they have received my orders. He can take the Forty-fifth Ohio across with him, and I think he will have sufficient force to fight the enemy, even if the rest should not cross with him. I will give you the earliest information of their movements.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 26, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.,:

Please hurry up the telegraph report from Columbia as to the where-abouts of Jacob. I am anxious to let Carter know it he can cross at Jamestown or Creelsborough. Give also as early report as possible of the position of Graham. Carter will cross at daylight to-morrow morning. I understand that quite a number of contrabands are to be sold at La Grange in a day or two. Please take quiet measures to stop i until my order obtains publicity; it will be published in to-morrow morning's papers.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,

Catlettsburg, Ky., April 26, 1863

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I am about to advance some 30 miles up the Big Sandy River, probably to Paintville. I have the honor to request that one regiment of infantry, the Sixty-fifth Illinois, if possible, and one battery be sent to report the Sixty-fifth Illinois, if possible, and one battery be sent to report to me at Louisa at once. There is now a boating stage

