
In speaking to General Meigs and Surgeon-General Hammond on the subject, please mention this dispatch with the other. In relation to Captain Dickerson, I will say that I am quite confident that the charges against him are of a partisan character, and that he is an honest, capable, and loyal officer, but suffers from the misfortune of having a rebel wife; but he cannot suffer from an investigation, and your order will be cheerfully obeyed. I would like to keep him as chief quartermaster, even during the investigation, but shall not unless you so direct. He has already been assigned as much.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 27, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Orders have been given to constitute the troops under Hartsuff into an army corps. I fear the enemy are concentrating on Rosecrans. You must give him all the assistance in your power.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, April 27, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

Your dispatch, dated 3.25 p.m., relating to Carter, has been received. Tell him he must use his discretion in crossing.

The following was received from General Boyle:

Colonel Jacob left Columbia at 6 a.m., for mouth of Greasy Creek, and will cross at that place, if river is not too high and enemy too strong. Manson says he has the utmost confidence that the move will be successful. Manson's brigade left Lebanon at 5 a.m., this morning for Green River. He will send one regiment to Columbia. Reports from other parts represent all quiet. Nothing new from Glasgow.

BOYLE.

Colonel Carter should communicate with Colonel Jacob as early as possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 28, 1863

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough Tenn.:

GENERAL: I regret very much to notice the complaining tone of your telegrams in regard to your supply of horses. You seem to think the Government does not do its duty toward your army. You have been repeatedly informed that every possible authority has been given to the quartermaster of your army, and to all quartermasters in the West, to purchase all the animals they possibly can for you. If any of them have neglected to do their duty in this respect promptly and thoroughly, why do not you report them for dismissal or other punishment? As you have reported none, it is presumed that they have all done their duty. Indeed, it appears from reports that you have been furnished since you took command of that army thirty-odd thousand additional horses, and this has been done to the neglect of other points but little, if any, less important than your own position. For example, horses

