
It is of the utmost importance to know whether Carter has succeeded in crossing the river. If he has failed, Jacob will be unable to hold his ground. I am of the opinion that the regiment of infantry sent to Columbia, and which will arrive to-day, together with section of artillery at Columbia, should be ordered to mouth of Greasy Creek to support Jacob, should he meet with reverses. Have sent 150 cavalry to Columbia to-day, and will encamp at Green River to-night."

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

It is very important that Carter should communicate with and co-operate with Jacob.

It would be very unfortunate to have Jacob cross with his force and be met by the entire force of the enemy without being supported. Shall send your last dispatch to Boyle.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

LEXINGTON, April 28, 1863-10 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received. I have telegraphed to Carter the importance of communicating and co-operating with Jacob, and to do all in his power. I am sure he will do all he can; but if the river is too high to cross his artillery and infantry the distance is very great from Somerset to Greasy Creek.

I do not believe the enemy will make much fight unless my scouts receive me.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Boyle.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 53. Cincinnati, Ohio, April 28, 1863.

I. In accordance with the spirit of the proclamation of the President of the United States,dated January 1, 1863, it is ordered that all persons belonging to or following the army in this department are forbidden to interfere with or impede the operation of any civil process in the State of Kentucky having in view the recovery of slaves of citizens of the State, and they are likewise forbidden to aid or abet in their escape from their homes, or to employ such persons against the consent of their owners, except in cases where military necessity requires their impressment, which impressment must be made in accordance with regulations governing such cases.

II. All slaves made free by the war measures of the President of the United States, by Congress, or by capture during the war are entitled to their freedom, and no one in this department has a right to interfere with that freedom. Any sale of such persons in this department is void. The rights of citizens must be respected by the army and the war measures of the Government must be sustained.

III. Any person willfully violating this order will be at once arrested and reported to the headquarters of General Boyle, at Louisville, for trial.

Regulations to prevent confusion and injustice in the execution of this order will be published.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

