
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., April 28, 1863.

(Received April 29-9.15 a.m.)

Brigadier-General THOMAS:

Will the Fourth Missouri and First-Wisconsin Cavalry come to me? Cannot I have the Eighth and Ninth Michigan Cavalry? Without necessary cavalry this army is like a six-horse team and wagon which wants linch-pins to enable it to move.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 29, 1863-12.30 a.m.

LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Brigadier General Green C. Smith having been taken ill, I must beg a cavalry general. General W. L. Elliott would add 2,000 to our cavalry force. I don't think he can be worth this much at Winchester; therefore I once more beg he will be sent to me. Honor to him and benefit to the service will result.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 29, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received April 30-12.35 a.m.)

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

I ask you, should it be possible, to send me a few more infantry regiments. They are needed to complete the organization of the divisions of this army, which have been weakened by detachments to Kentucky of some five or six regiments. A few unattached regiments, such as Colonel [Charles F.] Taylor's Pennsylvania Bucktails and others, sent here, will be of great use in two ways.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 29, 1863-12.30 a.m.

(Received April 29-9.35 a.m.)

General MEIGS:

I am satisfied that present contract prices of horses at Louisville are too low to get good horses or get them rapidly. Do alter that, and give authority to purchase in the open market for this emergency.

W. S. ROSECRANS..

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 29, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Dispatch of 12.30 a.m. received. I have not limited the price of horses at Louisville; the offers of dealers fixed the price. I can't break contracts on the ground that the prices offered are low, but must insist on fulfillment of contracts. Send a good cavalry officer to Louisville to aid and supervise inspection. This will improve the quality of stock more than offering higher prices. Colonel Swords has orders to spare no efforts to supply your wants. It is not necessary for me to give

