
mules sent from this city, and 485 horses and 163 mules from Evansville, direct to the quartermaster at Nashville, and 5,015 horses and 150 mules furnished from this city, and 1,691 horses furnished from Indianapolis for the troops. In addition, 913 horses and 42 mules were furnished the First Tennessee Cavalry at Cincinnati. Total 14,976 horses and 11,884 mules.

On the receipt of General Rosecrans' telegram, stating his great want of horses, I directed Captain Jenkins to purchase in the open market, limiting the price to what was being paid the contractors, who had about 800 to deliver before the close of the month, viz, $102,75 for cavalry and $106,75 for artillery. To have offered higher would have been injustice to them, and I thought might interfere with their filling their contracts promptly, and further directed him to advertise for proposals for 2,000 cavalry and 500 artillery. After opening the bids on the 1st proximo, the prices can be again fixed, and I will make every exertion to supply General Rosecrans' wants as rapidly as possible, either by contract or by purchase in the open market. Horses for some time past have been coming in very slowly, which may be attributed to the fact that the supply is becoming exhausted; that the inspections ar more rigid than formerly, and that higher prices are, as I am informed, being paid elsewhere. The business of purchasing horses and mules throughout this section of country should be placed in the hands of one officer. It sometimes now happens that Government agents or contractors are buying at the same place at the same time for Washington, Saint Louis, Kentucky, and Tennessee, the Government thus competing against itself, and consequently running the price up and it would be well that a limit, beyond which to animal should be purchased should be fixed. There being but little demand for horses and mules beyond what is required for Government use, the raisers should be willing to sell their stock at a fair price, and the speculators kept out of the market.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

T. SWORDS,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 29, 1863.

(Received April 30-12.45 a.m.)

General M. C. MEIGS, Washington:

Quartermaster [Henry C.] Hodges estimates the probable want of the post at Nashville, from now till the river again becomes navigable, at 600,000 bushels of coal. Please direct Colonel Cross to send 400,000.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, April 29, 1863-5.10 p.m.

(Received 8.40 p.m.)

Major J. D. KURTZ,

Corps of Engineers, Assistant Chief Engineer:

The general commanding this department has expressed his wish that the negroes employed upon the fortifications at Nashville be paid wages, and so enabled to support their families. Their case being at present a very hard one, I respectfully ask your attention to the letter I wrote to the Department on this subject, I think in November last I will shortly

