
them, and moved their stores and baggage back 20 miles behind Shelbyville. Forrest went to Florence and Decatur. All quiet in front. Rebels mighty vigilant and mad since our last rampage.

G. GRANGER.

Major-General.

GALLATIN, April 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

A gunboat and four transports were coming up the river this morning; the rebels fired into them, and one transport ran on a long and sank. One-third of her charge can be saved. I shall go to her relief immediately. There were 200 men, with officers, on the fleet, and only 30 armed, and when they arrived here they were out of ammunition. I shall supply them. The fleet was going to Carthage.

E. A. PAINE

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, April 30, 1863-8.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

I have just returned from the wreck. The boats were fired upon by soldiers and citizens, with muskets and rifles. The gunboat returned the fire. The rebels had no artillery. The pilot or some other officer must have been frightened, and carelessly ran the boat on a log. It was loaded with bread mostly. I think I can save one hundred boxes. I sent one regiment across the river, to go down, and sent down my flat-boats to unload the wreck. I expect a fight on this side. The gunboat was out of ammunition. I furnished what was required from the magazine.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, April 30, 1863.

(Received 1.18 p.m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES:

The light-draught gunboats James Thompson, Exchange, and Kenwood are about ready for service. They are very much needed on the Upper Ohio, Kanawha, and Big Sandy. Can you not authorize their use in these waters until some three or four others can be fitted up for that purpose, if your think the interests of the public service will authorize the fitting out of boats for these waters?

The naval department here states the work can be done at once if it receives the necessary orders, &amp;c.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, April 30, 1863.

General BOYLE:

Communication has been closed during the day from some cause. You can keep Morrison's brigade in the position it is now in, and instruct the garrison at Glasgow to hold the place it they should be at-

