
[CHAP. XXXV.

have over one hundred and twenty-six regiments of cavalry, and they have killed ten times as many horses for us as for the rebels.

Wishing you every success, I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, May 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Third Division:

In answer to your note requesting permission to destroy the flour mill at Chapel Hill. I am instructed by the general commanding to say that you have full permission to do so if from your present information you deem it practicable. It is needless to say to you, general, that the enemy are "watching out," and our late raid upon McMinnville as not lessened their vigilance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CARTHAGE, May 1, 1863.

(Received May 2.)

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Everything is quiet here. I am putting a sharp edge into this division, and except to be able to do good service when called for. The enemy does not make his appearance here, but has gone up the river somewhere. I am expecting reports from there hourly.

When will the paymaster be here? Cannot a mustering officer be sent to this division? There are a great number of officers to be mustered into service.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

May 1, 1863.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Your telegram is received. The three gunboats named and other light-draught vessels have been purchased upon the urgent request of General Rosecrans for such vessels in the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers. The Department would not like to divert them from this service without his consent.

Captain Pennock, senior naval officer at Cairo, has authority to provide steamers for the Western waters when the exigencies demand it. It is suggested that you communicate with him.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

