
Ford, where I camped for the night, on the east side of Stone's River, returning to camp at 10 o'clock this morning, all safe, with ninety loads of corn and 2 prisoners, believed to be "bushwhacker."

I made an expedition through the same region of country on the 28th of April, bringing to camp eighty-five loads of corn and 2 prisoners (Captain [Wade] Baker, of the Twenty-eighth Tennessee rebel infantry, and a noted guerrilla by the name of Worl).

In making both these expeditions, I have patrolled a section which has been a place of resort and concealment for the rebels who have made the raids upon the railroad and pike between this post and Nashville.

On Monday I will go over the river again with a large train.

Respectfully.

JAMES B. STEDMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 2, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The Secretary of War authorizes you to commence the organization of Kentucky troops. You are also authorized to organize two artillery regiments, reporting to Adjutant-General the organization, for proper orders. Operations here are becoming interesting.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUISVILLE, May 2, 1863-11.40 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Colonel Jacob, with cavalry and two pieces of artillery, crossed the Cumberland, and is moving to co-operate with General Carter.

General Judah telegraphs the enemy threaten attack on Scottsville, and that, in co-operating with Generals Hobson and Paine, he will move upon them. I do not believe there is enemy there.

Citizens from Cadiz, Trigg County, Kentucky, report to me that some of the soldiers from Fort Donelson cross over into Kentucky and rob citizens of money, watches, &amp;c., and pilfer and molest property, and threaten citizens, and run off negroes.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, May 2, 1863-11.30.

General CARTER, Monticello:

Your dispatch of 11 p.m. last night received. Your discovery of enemy's force will govern you for the present.

Can your division and another of equal strength be supplied at Monticello, according to General Orders, Numbers 40, Department Headquarters, with view to an advance in that direction?

Please send extra telegraph operator, now with you, to Somerset, so as to keep lines working all night.

WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

