
 [CHAP. XXXV.
Brigade reports will be in duplicate, and by regiments, giving the brigade total; one copy to be retained in corps inspector's office, and one to be forwarded by him to the office of assistant inspector-general of the department. Division reports will be in the same manner in duplicate, and by brigades, giving division totals, and will be made by division inspectors, immediately upon receipt of brigade reports, one copy to be retained in corps inspector's office and one forwarded to office of assistant inspector-general, as before. Corps reports will be in duplicate, and by divisions, as before. All totals shall be in red ink. Brigades and divisions on detached service will report in the same manner, in duplicate, and through the corps inspectors. If such reports cannot be obtained in time for consolidation, they will be forwarded separately, and by him to the office of the assistant inspector-general of the department. Regiments that are detached, and cannot be reported upon by the brigade inspector, will be reported upon in the same manner as above described, and by their adjutants. Blanks will be furnished by corps inspectors to the infantry organizations in their corps, and the reports must be made full and in strict accordance with them.

Every reports, whether regimental, brigade, division, or corps, will be accompanied by a letter of advice, which shall contain every information which may be of any importance to the general commanding the department. It must state briefly, but fully, all points which need attention, and recommendations, if necessary, on such points as the inspector may think proper. They must not be more formalities. All letters of advice, or copies of them, will be forwarded, with the reports to which they belong, to the office of the assistant inspector-general, at department headquarters. The letter of advice of the corps inspectors should be very full, but concise, and touch on all changes and improvements, recommendations that have and have not been acted upon, or results obtained. Should inspectors find companies or regiments particularly deserving of praise or censure, it should be given fully and without hesitation. The commanding general directs this particularly.

Guards will be reported upon as to the number of men and average daily detail in brigade in "remarks" and letter of advice.

Hospitals will be reported upon as to the number of men and daily average number of sick in regiment or brigade in "remarks" and letter of advice.

Officers absent without leave will be reported in letters of advice.

IV. Inspectors will use figures, instead of adjectives, to express the condition of regimental books and papers, company books and papers, discipline, drill, sanitary condition of camps, and cooking; also arms, accouterments, and ammunition. With books and papers, 1 will represent "Neat, according to Regulations;" 2, "According to Regulations;" 3, "Not according to Regulations;" 4, "Bad;" 5, "Not kept up;" 6, "Totally neglected." With discipline, drill, sanitary condition of camp, and cooking, 1 will represent, "The best;" 2, "Very good;" 3, "Good;" 4, "Only medium;" 5, "Bad;" 6, Very bad," and 7, "Worst." Clothing will be reported as "New," "Worn," "Well worn," "Worn out," and "Ragged." Corps inspectors will receipt to the inspector-general of the department for the inspection blanks issued to them, and make a quarterly statement to said officers how and when they were disposed of.

V. All printed orders will hereafter be distributed by the assistant inspector-general of the department, and will be sent to corps inspectors

