
(in bulk), who will distribute them to their corps, including all arms of the service. The orders will be receipted for in bulk by the corps inspectors. All orders needed to fill out files in each regiment will be noted in letters of advice; also last orders received, both War Department and Department of the Cumberland. Particular attention must be paid to the proper distribution of orders, and inspectors will be in a measure responsible for the files, or show cause why they are not complete.

VI. Inspectors must ascertain if all the officers reported for duty on the morning reports are present for inspection. Should any be absent, they must be reported by name in the letter of advice. They will also inspect provision returns, and see if they are based upon the morning reports, which reports they will also examine, and ascertain that they are correct. If faulty, it should be reported promptly and fully at once. Inspectors will give particular attention to the treatment of Government animals, and report when they are not properly fed or cared for, and the names of quartermasters who are neglectful of them, or allow them to be ill-treated or ridden hard. No officer or man has a right to use a public horse except on the public service, and quartermasters are responsible that it is not done when in their department. Inspectors must see that have no more tents and baggage for themselves or others than is allowed by orders. Department Orders, Nos. 3,10,17,21,24,25,26,29,30, and 40, of 1862, and Nos. 5,21,32, and 33, of 1863, must be particularly observed, and, if not fully carried out, must be adverted to in the letters of advice. Inspectors will also reports the capacity and zeal of officers in command of troops, staff officers, &amp;c., mode of enforcing orders by officers. They will also report in all new localities upon the roads, communications, where forage can be obtained, and, in fact, all information which may be of use, or will aid to correct defects in introduce improvements.

VII. It is found that the duties of division and brigade inspectors are not distinctly enough divided. The brigade inspectors will in future be relived from reviewing troops and inspecting by regiments or brigades, and it will be their duty, instead, to closely examine and inspect the arms, accouterments, ammunition, clothing, and general equipment and condition of their brigades, by companies, and specially report to the commanding officer of the regiment and brigade, in addition to their report to the division inspector, all evils, irregularities, and wants, of whatever nature, as well as those deserving praise. This does not relieve them from other specified duties and instructions under this order. The division inspectors will attend to the general inspection and reviewing of the troops in reference to drill, discipline, condition of camps, transportation, &c. The duties of division and brigade inspectors in reference to vedette and grand guard and other general duties to remain unchanged. On a march, they will assist the corps inspectors in all things pertaining to the inspector-general's department.

VIII. Inspectors must consider themselves always on duty, and perform their duties without favor or fear. They must have no friends to reward, or enemies to punish, through their official position. They stand as the censors of the army between the commanding general and all officers or men, no matter what their rank or standing may be. Officers who are habitually intemperate, neglectful of their duty, or ignorant and careless must be fully reported on. The duties of inspectors are not always pleasant ones, but they must be performed fairly, and any officer who seeks to find fault with them, or indulge in hard feelings, is both unwise and impolitic.

