
[CHAP. XXXV.

If inspectors do their duty, the efficiency and discipline of the army can be still more improved. It is hoped that they will not forget that their position is a responsible one, and that the general commanding looks to them for earnest and active work in helping him to make this army what it ought to be. Their appointment is a mark of appreciation of their soldierly qualities. It is hoped they will sustain the reputation that places them in their important position.

The inspectors are friends of both commanders and troops. Justice, good temper, a resolute impartiality, and the avoidance of a bitter and censorious spirit, should characterize their official reports and actions. The friends and aiders of the commanders, by observing all that is done amiss, left undone, or well done, they are equally friends of subordinates and soldiers, whose rights, interests, and honor are at stake-the just fulfillment of orders, regulations, and maintenance of discipline.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, May 3, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The Sixty-third Indiana is stationed as guards along the railroad at bridges from New Haven to Shepherdsville. The Fifteenth Ohio garrisons the redoubts at Muldraugh's Hill, to protect trestle and bridge. They have guns in position, with only horses for two to move guns from one point to another. Colonel Williams, Twentieth Michigan, has returned to Columbia from Greasy Creek; reports Pegram's force 10,000 strong. Probably the force of Wheeler, reported at Gainesborough, has moved up and joined Pegram. Will it be safe to move Colonel Jacob with his force to Burkesville? A force larger than his is reported near Albany, on the route to Burkesville.

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 3, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I arrived at 10 o'clock last evening; saw General Rosecrans, who could not decide immediately on the point submitted to him. Conference with him again to-day. Will have a final conference in presence of his corps commanders this evening, when a decision will be made. Would have reported before, but waited until I could give some information. Will send dispatch as soon as decision is made. Will start back to-morrow.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 4, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have determined to bring one brigade (General Crook's) from Carthage to the front as soon as your corps arrives there. How soon will that be?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

