
[CHAP. XXXV.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 102. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 6, 1863.

General Orders, Numbers 78, current series, from these headquarters, are so amended as to allow four instead of three wall tents to the field and staff officers of each regiment of infantry, and five instead of three to the field and staff officers of every regiment of cavalry having twelve companies and the full number of field and staff officers prescribed for such an organization. Cavalry regiments having a less number of companies will be limited to the allowance prescribed by these orders for regiments of infantry.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

May 7, 1863. (Received 7.40 p.m.)

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

General Sheridan reports that he has news from Shelbyville to-day. The same condition of things there as heretofore. No arrivals. Polk in command. From the Rappahannock, Hill mortally wounded; Stonewall Jackson wounded; the fight yet undecided. Rumor says Forrest has made a large capture of our men in Alabama.

A. McD. McCOOK.

NASHVILLE, May 7, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

Elkins returned during the night from Wartrace, leaving there the night of the 4th, having visited all the headquarters. The active re-enforcements received by General Johnson(---- brigades) estimated at about 9,000 or 10,000 in all. The inspector-general there informed him they were from Mobile. Small force at Tullahoma. Largest force at Wartrace. Considerable force at Manchester. General Johnston's entire force in and about Shelbyville mostly infantry. A force, all cavalry, at Columbia. General Cheatham, with his force, at Fosterville. Their sick and extra baggage, all think, sent to the rear by railroad. All think there will be a forward movement by them. It was reported on the 5th at Farmington that Forrest had cut off 1,700 Federal troops in Northern Alabama. Could not learn any particulars. Will send him up by first train to you, if you think it advisable. Will not go back any more.

WM. TRUESDAIL.

CAIRO, ILL., May 7, 1863-1.12 p.m.

E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have returned from an attempt to ascend the Tennessee River a second time. The water is too low for me to get above the mouth of Duck River. I am now repairing damages that my boats sustained in the dangerous navigation. My orders from Admiral Porter confine me to the Tennessee River, making no provision for the present condition of the water. I cannot communicate with the admiral without great delay. Will you advise me what course to pursue?

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade.

