
DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Louisville, Ky., May 7, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter (signed by Captain A. J. Perry, assistant quartermaster), containing copy of dispatch sent me on 25th instant, is at hand. The dispatch was addressed to Colonel Swords, and received and examined by him.

I have never sent a horse to Saint Louis, and cannot imagine how General Rosecrans got any such information. I have supplied General Rosecrans as fast as I could get horses. At time I was ordered to issue horses to regiments en route to General Rosecrans' army, and also to regiments in Kentucky, but I have done the best I could to get horses. The purches of horses at so many different points as Louisville, Ky., Lexington, Ky., Evansville, Ind., Indianapolis, Ind., and Cincinnati and Gallipolis, Ohio, puts the Government in competition with itself, and results in getting a poorer class of animals, and great delay in getting them also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. JENKINS,

Captain and Quartermaster U. S. Army.

CINCINNATI, May 7, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I cannot fully agree with your opinion concerning the best position of my Ninth Corps. In respects to your proposed movement, I propose to move in to Jamestown Church, and to concentrate Hartsuff's corps in the vicinity of Glasgow, with a strong detachment at Tompkinsville. This will, I think, enable you to relieve all the force you could by the other movement, will protect your communication, and permit me to carry out at the first favorable moment my original design on East Tennessee. How does the proposition suit you?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, May 7, 1863.

General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

I mean Jamestown, Tenn. The reasons for this move are these: That force could be moved either to Knoxville or assist your left either at McMinnville or Sparta, while Hartsuff's corps can be concentrated at Glasgow or Tompkinsville, or possibly at Scottsville, instead of Glasgow. My last dispatch was worded more positive than I intended, in reference to my disagreement with your plan to move the Ninth Corps to Glasgow. My disposition is to do you the most service possible, and simply make this as a suggestion. Please answer fully. I will add that there is a very heavy pressure in favor of a movement on Knoxville.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

On Tuesday morning last I caused the arrest of the Honorable C. L. Vallandigham. He is now is this city, undergoing trial before a military

