
[CHAP. XXXV.

commission for uttering sedition.* Some trouble was caused in Dayton on account of his arrest, but all is now quiet. I hope to maintain perfect order in other portions of this department. There is necessarily much excitement among his friends. We are all hoping to hear of the glorious and final success of General Hooker.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

In your determination to support the authority of the Government and suppress treason in your department, you may count on the firm support of the President.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

May 8, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Thanks for your dispatch.# It relieves our great suspense. What we want is to deal with their armies. Piece for piece is good when we have the odds. We shall soon be ready here to try that.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Jamestown is too remote to cover my flanks from cavalry, or even an infantry advance, by Liberty, aid in battle, or succor in disaster. Thomas, with two divisions, occupied McMinnville when Bragg passed through Sparta. You would neither draw from the enemy nor strengthen me, unless you threaten or take Kingston and Loudon Bridge from Jamestown. If you can get supplies to Jamestown, a raid at least should be made in the Tennessee Valley, and the column should go as near Chattanooga as possible, and return only when obliged. To go to Jamestown is to go to East Tennessee. If you can supply yourself, and go soon, go, but if it will take time, let the Ninth come to Tompkinsville, and advance to Carthage; Hartsuff to Scottsville or Glasgow. How soon could Ninth get to Jamestown? I can let you have nearly 2,000 pack-mules to move from West Point.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have no answer to my dispatch of last night. If you decide on my plan, I can turn over to you my pack train. Rebel cavalry (Wheeler and Morgan) seem to be concentrating at Livingston.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

---------------

*The correspondence, orders, &amp;c., relating to the arrest, trial, and banishment of Vallandigham, will appear in Series III.

#Announcing result of battle of Chancellorsville and Stoneman's raid. See Series I, Vol. XXV, Part II, p. 437.

---------------

