
CARTHAGE, May 8, 1863.

(Via Gallatin, May 10-9.50 a.m.)

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

The rebels are in small squads on the other side of the river, and reported in force at Liberty. Can't some cavalry possibly be sent to me for the purpose of scouting the country? I am compelled to use all of my present cavalry for mail purposes. It is impossible to mount my men unless I have sufficient cavalry to make expeditions into the country, so as to capture horses. Can any furloughs be given in accordance with the orders from the War Department? Dispatch in reference to Joseph Smith has been received, and will be executed accordingly.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDER, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Numbers 208. Washington, May 8, 1863.

I. Brigadier General August Willich, U. S. Volunteers, having been duly exchanged, will report in person to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Cumberland, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 104. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 8, 1863.

I. The baggage of officers and men of this army will be immediately reduced to the following limits:

1st. That of officers to the weight prescribed by Army Regulations for field services, viz: General officers, 125 pounds; field officers, 100 pounds; captains and subalterns, 80 pounds. The aggregate of all articles of personal baggage, bedding, and mess equipage must not exceed this weight in the case of any officer.

2nd. That of non-commissioned officers and privates will consist of the following articles, and none other: One blanket, 2 pairs of drawers, 2 pairs of socks, 1 jacket or blouse, 1 pair of trowsers, 1 pair of shoes or boots, and 1 hat or cap. No articles of clothing will be carried in the knapsack, except such of the above as are not worn.

II. Whenever a soldier is found straggling in the rear of his regiment or company, his knapsack will be inspected by the rear guard, and every article unauthorized in these orders will be immediately thrown out.

III. All articles of baggage in the possession of either officers or men in excess of that allowed in these orders will be neatly packed and sent to Nashville for storage. Each package must be legibly marked with the name of the person, company, and regiment to which it belongs. The chief quartermaster of the department will see that proper storage is provided. Corps commanders will direct an officer from each division to accompany the extra baggage to Nashville and see it properly stored.

IV. Officers of the inspector-general's department throughout the

