
LEXINGTON, May 8, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The rains have broken up the roads so badly that Major Hamilton's operations will be difficult. A scout just in from Clinton reports but 83 rebels at and this side of Big Creek Gap. The force of 300 that passed up through Manchester must be making for the blue-grass region. I have ordered out all the cavalry toward Hazle Green and Jackson, but the country is too wide, and the enemy can roam at large it that region. I think of leaving Williamsburg to Gilbert alone, and drawing back Major Hamilton as far as Richmond.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 61. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 8, 1863.

I. All residents of the State of Kentucky, banished from their homes by any authority whatsoever, not higher than that of the department commander, by reporting at these headquarters on Saturday, May 9, at 12 m., or as soon thereafter as practicable, can obtain a hearing of their cases, and all against whom definite charges, supported by sufficient proof to warrant a trial, do not appear, will be allowed to return to their homes upon taking the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

II. The general order prohibiting the sale of fire-arms and ammunition in this department is hereby rescinded. But all persons guilty of selling arms or ammunition to disloyal persons, or with a knowledge that they are to go into the hands of disloyal persons, will be arrested and tried for giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 9, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Morgan and Wheeler are reported at Livingston, Tenn. Their advance attempted to cross the Cumberland at Centre Point, near Burkesville, to-day, but were driven back by our forces at Tompkinsville with considerable loss. All quiet at other places.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 9, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Would you like to give me the following East Tennessee regiments in exchange for nearly or quite and equal [number] of Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio regiments: Shelley's, Houk's, Cooper's, Ray's, Brownlow's, Pickens', and Edwards'? If this exchange can be made at once, and you can let me have the pack train, as you proposed, I think the move into East Tennessee can be made as soon as they arrive. Upon the answer to this, and the receipt of a dispatch from Washington, I think I can answer your dispatches definitely. How soon would you like to have the movement on Kingston and in the direction of Chattanooga made?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

