
[CHAP. XXXV.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

May 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Yesterday we received a Chattanooga Rebel, giving substantially the same news about Colonel Streight as that your dispatch mentions from the Richmond Examiner. I immediately wrote to the Adjutant-General of the Army an account of the composition of the forces, the objects of the expedition, Colonel Streight's instructions, and the latest authentic intelligence from it through General Hurlbut, and forwarded the whole, with a copy of the Chattanooga Rebel's statement, by mail. I fear Streight has been captured before effecting the main purpose of the expedition-to cut the railroad connections effectually between Atlanta and Chattanooga. It was deemed feasible and vastly important to us. I hope the effect of the attempt may, in part at least, compensate us for the loss by subtracting rebel troops from our front to guard their rear.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CARTHAGE, May 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

A man just in from East Tennessee reports Bragg being re-enforced by troops from the east. Boats around here safe last night. Is it the intention to permit one of the small gunboats to remain here? I will send it down to convoy these boats to Nashville.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

CARTHAGE, VIA GALLATIN, May 10, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I have just received reliable information that Wheeler has gone toward McMinnville with his whole force, and that Morgan has gone to Sparta. Also some persons from Tullahoma say that Bragg is being re-enforced from the east and south both.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 135. Murfreesborough, May 10 [13?], 1863.

XIV. Major General John M. Schofield, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having been assigned by the President to the command of the Department of the Missouri, is relieved from further duty in this department.

XV. Brigadier General J. M. Brannan is hereby relieved from the command of the First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps, and is assigned to the command of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

XVI. Brigadier General T. J. Wood is hereby relieved from the command of the post of Nashville, and will assume command of the First Division, Twenty-first Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

