
[CHAP. XXXV.

Infantry, drafted militia, Major George H. Walther commanding, are embarked on steamer Sultana for Memphis, with orders to report to

your headquarters. The Twenty-first Regiment Missouri Infantry is an old regiment, and its colonel a gallant, earnest officer, who lost a leg on the battle-field of Shiloh. The Thirty-fourth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry has done heavy artillery duty, and is well drilled in that service. Four companies of the Thirty-fourth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry are detailed to serve the heavy guns in different forts in my district-one company at Columbus, in Fort Quinby, two at Cairo, and one at Paducah, and as I have no artillerists to serve the guns in the forts, I would respectfully request your permission that they may continue on their present duty. The colonel, Fritz Anneke, is under arrest, and awaiting trial before general court-martial.

Knowing the proclivities of the people of Kentucky between The Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers, and being aware that their sympathies are with few exceptions, with the South and the rebellion, I consider it unsafe for my district, and particularly Paducah, to again evacuate Fort Heiman, which is certainly the key to the above portion of Kentucky and a point also controlling the I Kentucky and Tennessee State line. Under these considerations, I concluded to withdraw for the present my infantry force from Clinton, and make it a cavalry outpost.

Inclosed I submit section 9, Special Orders, Numbers 109, current series, from these headquarters,* giving instructions to Major Gustav Heinrichs, Fourth Regiment Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, who takes command at Clinton.

Requesting your sanction to these my arrangements, I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Cincinnati, Ohio, May 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The Fourth Missouri Cavalry is now at Columbus doing no active service. Will you please order it to report here for duty, as we are very much in need of cavalry in this department? I propose to send some of mine to Rosecrans. Our cavalry had a sharp fight with a portion of Morgan's force on the south side of the Cumberland, opposite Rowena, yesterday. Our loss was about 30; the enemy lost about 100. We threw our advance posts as far as Cumberland Ford yesterday.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 12, 1863.

General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The Ninth Corps started for Carthage some days ago, but was halted, with its advance at Columbia, I concluded to halt it owing to my determination to concentrate the forces of Hartsuff near that place, with a view of making a very important move for both you and myself. A messenger will leave here this evening or to-morrow morning with dispatches for you.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

