
CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 12, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Louisville, Ky.:

Have full consultation with General Boyle, and report to me this evening, if possible, how soon you can concentrate 5,000 men at Carthage, leaving the posts along the railroad secure. Let me hear any idea you may have about consolidation.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, May 12, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Mixed force of 5,000 infantry and cavalry, about equally divided, with two batteries, might reach Carthage, General Boyle says, in seven days, by evacuating Lebanon and Glasgow's, and weakening the forces at Munfordville and Bowling Green, reported to be already too small by Major Simpson, chief engineer. District return shows an aggregate present and absent of 20,500, and an aggregate for duty present of only 10,300. This includes brigade of Ninth Corps, with an aggregate present and absent of 5,300, and present for duty of 1,600. Don't know amount of transportation the troops will have nor of supplies at Glasgow or Gallatin, the first being the place they would take supplies from for the march, if enough there; the next where supplies for Carthage must come from. Am uncertain, from dispatch, whether you intend me to go to Carthage or not. Generals Manson and Hobson would go with command. Since my arrival have obtained all the information possible, but have issued no orders. No orders yet issued by you authorizing me to do so. Appearances indicate the impracticability of consolidating many troops at any single point within this district until troops are raised in Kentucky to replace them. Don't know numbers or condition of troops in State outside this district. Troops at Carthage are too far from railroad above Franklin to protect it. Points on the railroad could not, therefore, be so much weakened to concentrate there as at Glasgow or some point nearer railroad. If brigade of Ninth Corps is not available, troops taken from Munfordville will have to be replaced immediately. Will write more fully if you are not coming here, and desire it. Please inform me, and whether information here given is sufficient and satisfactory.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 12, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Carter, with entire force, is at Somerset. One division of the Ninth Corps is at Middleburg, the other at Lancaster. Carter's force is ample to take care of Morgan if he should cross in that neighborhood.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MAY 12, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

The following dispatch just received from Boyle:

General Manson telegraphs that Colonel Jacob has arrived with all his forces at Columbia. He thinks but few rebels left at the Narrows. Morgan has left for some

