
[CHAP. XXXV.

other place. Colonel Morrison has heard that Morgan will advance by way of Greensburg and Campbellsville. If he does, he will get badly whipped. Our loss will not exceed 30. Rebel loss supposed to be over 100. I fear that Morgan will attempt a raid by way of Somerset, unless you have forces there. I have ordered Manson to send scouts to ascertain position of the enemy.

BOYLE.

Please say to Gilbert that I am much obliged for his reconnaissance; it was a very important one.

CINCINNATI, May 12, 1863.

Commander PENNOCK, Commanding Naval Squadron, Cairo:

The following dispatch has just been received from the Secretary of War:

Captain Pennock has been authorized to purchase and fit out three light-draught vessels for service, as requested in our telegram of the 9th instant.

The necessity of the service requires that these vessels be fitted out at once. The garrisons on the Upper Ohio are threatened, and the people are in much alarm, and it is necessary that these boats that are now here or others should be kept there.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Numbers 213. Washington, May 12, 1863.

* * * * * * *

V. Brigadier-General Hascall, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty with the command of Major-General Burnside, U. S. Volunteers.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, May 12, 1863-11 o'clock.

General ROSECRANS:

Streight is undoubtedly captured in Georgia. There is a strong movement south from Decatur, toward Tupelo and Okolona. Grant sends word that the enemy expect re-enforcements from Tullahoma. He has taken Jackson before this. I am sending sixteen regiments to him by river. If Johnston is permitted to throw a force on Grant, the consequences may be disastrous.

HURLBUT.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION,May 12, 1863-9.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A large body of cavalry fired on the pickets near Harpeth this morning, and immediately retired. Our cavalry pursued as

