
far as Jordan's Store. One of my spies reports ten pieces of artillery and some infantry at Holt's Cross-Roads. I doubt it. I will endeavor to learn the facts.

Respectfully,

SCHOFIELD,

Captain and Signal Officer.

WASHINGTON, May 13, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Major General J. M. Schofield having been appointed by the President to the command of the Department of the Missouri in place of Major-General Curtis, yo will relieve him from duty in your command, and direct him to immediately repair to Saint Louis, Mo.

H. W. HALLECK.

TRIUNE, May 13, 1863-10.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Colonel Brownlow has just returned from the reconnaissance beyond Eagleville. There has been little or no advance of the enemy. Crews' cavalry brigade advance has moved up on the Chapel Hill pike, or as far as Holt's Cross-Roads.

There is no infantry this side of Chapel Hill, and little, if any, artillery. I gather this latter from a rebel lieutenant who deserted them and came in to-day. He has a brother in our army, and I believe his statements to be reliable. He says Bragg's whole army is undoubtedly advancing, but slowly, and entrenching as they go.

SCHOFIELD.

WASHINGTON, May 13, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I have several times requested General Curtis to send cavalry to General Rosecrans, but he says he cannot do so without endangering his own position. While General Grant's cavalry is mostly employed in distant raids, I cannot venture to take any from him.

H. W. HALLECK.

LOUISVILLE, May 13, 1863-11.05 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Colonel Jacob has received letter by flag of truce from Morgan, dated near Monticello, in answer to one sent by Jacob, requesting that Jacob send ambulance for wounded officers. General Manson regarded it as a trick to ascertain strength and position, and ordered that they be not allowed within picket line or to hold communication with citizens or soldiers. Shall the ambulance be sent for wounded? Please answer.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

