
[CHAP. XXXV.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 66. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 13, 1863.

I. As frequent applications are made to these headquarters that the wives and families of persons in arms against the United States Government may be admitted within our lines, it is hereby declared, for the information of all concerned, that no such applications will be favorably entertained, and, moreover, that such wives and families as may now be within the lines will be removed as speedily as possible. When sickness may render an immediate removal impracticable or dangerous, a proper discretion will be exercised by the officer having the duty of such removals in charge.

II. All persons, deserters or others, coming from the lines of the rebel army, are required to report themselves at once to the nearest commanding officer. Persons of this character who are found within the lines of the United States army, who have not made the above report, will be arrested as spies.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, May 14, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Lieutenant-Colonel Loring, my inspector-general, carries dispatches to you. Will you please direct that he be taken to your headquarters from Nashville on extra engine if he should miss the regular train? Our people on the Cumberland, opposite Somerset and at the mouth of Greasy Creek, have been skirmishing with some of Morgan's men for two or three days, and it is now reported that Morgan, Wheeler, and Pegram are getting ready to cross at those places with a heavy force of cavalry and infantry; sixteen regiments in all. I think the number exaggerated. Will telegraph you soon again.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

NASHVILLE, May 14, 1863. (Received 2.30 a.m.)

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Information by George R. Robinson is that Generals Wheeler and Morgan were at Lexington [Livingston?], Tenn., preparing to invade Kentucky with 15,000 to 20,000 cavalry and three batteries of light artillery. Their object is to burn the railroad bridges on Louisville and Nashville Railroad and tear up track; by this means to get provisions and forage. Can report but little from Bragg's army, except that it has been considerably re-enforced by troops from Mississippi and Virginia, and also by conscripts. He says that Chattanooga is occupied by one brigade, under General Helm, from 3,000 to 4,000 strong. This post is well and skillfully fortified and mounted with heavy cannon. E. Kirby Smith was in command at Knoxville, with sixteen regiment of infantry and some cavalry. With drawings of fortifications and works, with further particulars, he will report to you in person by first train.

H. W. FYFFE,

Captain of Police.

FRANKLIN, May 14, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

There are two regiments of cavalry near Peytonsville, and one regiment of infantry at Bethesda. The rebel pickets in our front are

