
stronger and more vigilant than ever. One of my reliable spies reports one brigade of rebel infantry at Poplar Grove. What this all means I am unable to discover. The cavalry will feel them to-morrow.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Everything is being done to push the defenses to completion as rapidly as possible. The work at Brentwood is finished. Cannot the Fourteenth Michigan Volunteers, of my brigade, be moved in here?

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TRIUNE, May 14, 1863-10 p.m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Our cavalry met that of the enemy in considerable force near College Grove this afternoon. Their main cavalry force is undoubtedly some distance this side of Chapel Hill. I have no late news concerning the enemy's infantry.

Respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., Somerset, Ky., May 14, 1863.

Brigadier General T. WELSH, Commanding First Div., Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: My scouts, just in from vicinity of Greasy Creek, report that the citizens there were expecting the rebels in Jamestown, Ky. Small parties of rebels cross the river occasionally, near Greasy Creek, to steal cattle, &amp;c.

A loyal citizen from south side of Cumberland, near Mill Springs, reports that the rebel pickets left banks of river, from near that place, this morning in haste, stating they were falling back to Albany, where they expect to make a stand. It looks as if they were concentrating at some point below, perhaps with a view to cross the river in force. It is reported the enemy has a large force of cavalry and about eight regiments of infantry.

I do not know whether these reports are correct or not, but I give them to you in order that you may guard against surprise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,S. P. CARTER.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 14, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The following dispatch just received from Carter, in answer to a long one from myself:

My object is to attack the rebels if they attempt crossing in my front. Cannot the troops advance from Columbia, and attack them at Jamestown, before they get all their troops over? My opinion is that the movement is got up to check your advance

