
CINCINNATI, May 14, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Lexington, Ky.:

Your dispatch just received. Sturgis should be kept ready to move from Stanford to Hall's Gap in case Carter should be forced to fall back on that road. I have notified General Boyle, and have directed him to prevent the crossings near Jamestown, if possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, May 15, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I send the bearer, Lieutenant-Colonel Loring, my assistant inspector-general, to you, with verbal dispatches. He is one of my most faithful and intelligent officers, in whom you can place the most perfect confidence. In consequence of his retiring disposition, he will talking to, in order to give him a chance to explain himself. Please consult with him fully, and command him fully. Remember that I, like yourself, am trying to do all in my power for the good of the public service, and, if circumstances render it necessary for us to meet down below the Kentucky line, you are in command there, and the conventionalities of rank, &amp;c., must not be regarded. You having the largest command, must command. There is no man in the Union under whom I would serve sooner than you. I will not write more, because you know my views personally well enough, and Colonel Loring can tell you all. May God bless you, and grant that we may soon meet in victory and peace, or in either, but in any event in friendship and in love of country.

Yours, sincerely,

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, May 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Manson telegraphs he does not believe Morgan is crossing the river to come to Jamestown. His scouts report all quiet. I have directed him to prevent his crossing. I do not believe Morgan has over 3,000 men. One of my scouts sends report that General Wheeler moved to Jamestown, Tenn., in the direction of Knoxville, and another scout reports Humphrey Marshall this side of Cumberland Gap. I do not credit these reports, and think them conjectural-based on information of citizens.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 15, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The following is forwarded for your information:

SOMERSET, KY.

General WILLCOX:

From Smith's Shoals, above the mouth's of Smith's Fork, to Richardson, 4 miles below Robertsport, a distance of some 30 miles, our guards protect these and the fords and

