
MURFREESBOROUGH,

-----

--, 1863-11 p.m.

(Received May 17-12 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BOYLE:

We have satisfactory information that all the rebel cavalry but Morgan and Pegram have their headquarters at McMinnville, and I do not believe a word about Buckner with 12,000 or 20,000 men being at Beaver Creek.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, May 17, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Surgeon Abbott, of the Eightieth Illinois Infantry, has arrived here with some of the wounded from Tuscumbia. The wounded I left there were badly treated, and one William Cooper, of Roddey's command, shot a prisoner by the name of John Chambers, who died of his wound. He was a member of the Alabama cavalry, and had just been discharged. It was a cold-blooded murder. Forrest followed Streight with about 2,000 men. In the last fight Streight's fire was very slack, and it is thought his ammunition was short. He whipped Forrest in every fight except the last, and was captured within 12 miles of Rome; his advance within 5. His wounded are being well cared for. They were left in strong Union settlements.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 17, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Grant has whipped Gregg and Walker at Raymond. His cavalry have occupied Jackson by a circuit. Joe Johnston arrived at Jackson on the 13th, and is now between Jackson and Vicksburg. Heavy re-enforcements are expected by the enemy from Tennessee and Virginia. If they come, they will be too heavy for General Grant, as the garrison at Vicksburg is not less than 35,000.

You may rely upon the above, as it comes from my best scout just from Vicksburg.

Two thousand cavalry are now opposite Savannah, shelling the woods; about 4,000 near Okolona, and nearly the same force at Panola. A movement in considerable force is no doubt being made from the enemy in your front toward Vicksburg. The re-enforcements that had arrived when my spy left were from Charleston. It is the intention to crush Grant out before he can be re-enforced, and then turn back upon you. I have sent full report to General Halleck. Banks has taken Alexandria.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MAY 17, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief, Washington:

The following dispatches have just been received from the front:

Gilbert telegraphs to General Willcox that a citizen from Knox County, Kentucky, says that he has news that twenty-four rebel regiments are concentrating at Morris-

