
[CHAP. XXXV.

town for a move into Kentucky, and that another force, under General Buckner, is at Clinton; that a brigade will occupy Williamsburg in a few days; that this news is direct from Colonel Palmer's headquarters in Clinton.

WILLCOX.

General Boyle telegraphs:

That Manson says Jacob reports he has heard from good authority that Buckner is at or near Beaver Creek, on south side of the river, with from 12,000 men. Is throwing bridge across river. Jacob believes it to be so. Have directed him to send a party to ascertain if this is true.

BOYLE.

If these reports prove true, we shall have our hands full with the force we have here, but we will do the best we can.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

(Same to Rosecrans.)

MAY 17, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Notify Manson, Hobson, and Judah that they must watch the movements of the enemy very closely, keeping their scouts well out, and gain all the information they can, even at the expense of a few of their men. If the enemy advance, they must impede his progress as much as possible, making no precipitate retreat. Send frequent information to these headquarters, and I will see that all available help is sent you, if they come in your lines. Let the troops in the rear two or three days' cooked rations on hand, and be ready to march. Judah and Graham should keep their empty trains in the rear as much as possible, so as to be unincumbered. Make arrangements with the railroad company to transfer troops from one point to another on the shortest notice.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

(Willcox ordered to give same instructions to Carter and Gilbert.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 113. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 17, 1863.

I. To economize our cavalry, brigade and division commanders will detail from the infantry regiments under their command: For orderlies at brigade headquarters, 1 non-commissioned officer and 4 privates; for orderlies at division headquarters, 1 non-commissioned officer and 9 privates. The quartermaster's department will provide horses, and the ordnance department equipments, to mount men so detailed. To each corps commander will be assigned one company of cavalry for escort and orderly duty. All other cavalry in this army will report at once to the chief of cavalry for duty.

II. Cavalry grand guards and vedettes will, when the army is together, be posted and controlled by the chief of cavalry, with approbation of the general commanding. When cavalry is serving with detached infantry commands, cavalry pickets will be controlled by the senior cavalry officer present, with the approval of the commanding officer of the post, expedition, or detachment. The cavalry commander will detail an officer of the day for each cavalry brigade, who will report daily to the infantry commander whose front he is to cover, for such orders as he may wish to give; he will then post his guard, after which

