
[CHAP. XXXV.

who was said to be ordered to another command, and no troops, save four car-loads passing Chattanooga. Files of Southern papers report two or three brigades of troops from South and North Carolina having gone to Jackson, Miss.; say they do not know who is to command there, but it cannot be Beauregard, as no high officer would be detached from a corps to command two or three brigades. We shall watch them closely, but do not think it good policy to advance on them for a few days without further movement or advices from them. Their papers confirm our report of their army organization here, saying it shows the perfection of our espionage.

Since the above was written we have information which makes it probable that there were three trains, instead of three cars, and that two, and perhaps three, brigades of McCown's division have left.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, May 18, 1863-11 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Spies just in at Corinth from Selma and Meridian report the whole line of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Okolona heavily guarded; 4,000 troops, under Ruggles, at Okolona; no force at Columbia; Roddey re-enforced at Courtland; part of cavalry at Clifton; Forrest expected daily at Okolona; the Mississippi militia, under Gholson, organizing to move to Okolona. Much boasting about a proposed raid on this railroad and Memphis. Grant has certainly taken Jackson; the capitol burned. Mobile papers of the 14th state that heavy re-enforcements from South Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee are on the way of Johnston, at ----. All the cars on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad have been taken to transport troops. A citizen just in from Jackson says Vicksburg was evacuated on Saturday; moving on Ridge road to History [Lexington]. This is doubtful, at best. If so, they will want to move round him and unite with force at Meridian, or may be desperate enough to push north by Grenada and Panola. Look out for breakers.

HURLBUT.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 18, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Cannot you make some arrangement by which the Third Division of my Ninth Corps* can be sent out here at once? I am very much in need of it.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 18, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Third Division of the Ninth Corps cannot now be sent to you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*Getty's, in Major-General Dix's command.

---------------

