
MURFREESBOROUGH, May 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The colonel [Lieutenant Colonel C. G. Loring] left yesterday at 5 p.m. for Nashville, and thence by train this morning for Louisville. Hartsuff is to concentrate at Red Springs, on the road from Glasgow to Carthage. Ninth Corps to Jamestown, and thence advance to break Loudon Bridge. When and where will you have the pack mules?

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, May 18, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

General Rosecrans telegraphs me that he has satisfactory information that all the rebel cavalry is at McMinnville, excepting Morgan and Pegram. I do not believe twenty-four rebel regiments are concentrating at Morristown for raid into Kentucky, and that another force, under General Buckner, is at Clinton. I do not believe Buckner, is in Tennessee. I believe Morgan will make a raid as soon as he finds out where your forces are, and if he satisfies himself your cavalry cannot catch him. I have given the orders to Generals Judah, Hobson, and Manson.

J. T. BOYLE,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,

Middleburg, Ky., May 18, 1863.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my cavalry scouts have just returned from within 8 miles of Jamestown. They report that Morgan and a young Breckinridge were at Jamestown on Thursday with a flag of truce to Colonel Jacob, relative to some of Jacob's men wounded and in his hands, whom he wished sent to this side. The prisoners were received by Colonel Jacob and taken to Columbia, where his force lies. On Saturday about 200 of Morgan's men were at Jamestown, and scouted in the direction of Columbia, and my scouts were informed that they still hovered near Jamestown, if not in it. Morgan's whole force is on the opposite side of the river, at Horse Shoe Bend. Their force is variously estimated at from 8,000 to 12,000. It is inferred that he has infantry, as drums could be heard beating the calls. Colonel Jacob's scouts had not been at Jamestown since Friday morning. Morgan informed one of the citizens of Jamestown that in five days from that time he would cross with his whole force and encamp on the north side of the town. The scouts were advised not to go any nearer Jamestown. The general impression of the loyal citizens is that he will make a desperate attempt to advance into Central Kentucky.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL LEASURE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

LEXINGTON, May 18, 1863-10.15.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Following just received from Somerset:

The following information received last night from scouts and others. Morgan and Pegram, with cavalry force, 5,000 to 6,000; [John B.] Palmer, infantry force, 2,500.

