
and maintained at slight expense. This war demands such a consideration, and many more, to save the waste of human life. Already our thinned regiments testify to this, and as there is no substantial gain from recruiting, I wish to be understood as making no complaints. The great point I make is, that the Government pays cost of troops without getting the benefit of their strength. The other is, that no matter what the Government has done, or left undone, for this army, policy and duty demand means to meet the coming emergency. Why should the rebels control the country, which, with its resources, would belong to our army, because it can muster the small percentage of 6,000 or 8,000 more cavalry than we? I want superior arms, to supply the place of numbers. Give revolving rifles in place of pistols. We must have cavalry arms, and the difference between the best and worst is more than a hundred per cent. in the daily cost of the troops. Excuse my earnestness in his matter; you probably see it much more clearly than I can explain.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 2, 1863-12 m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I telegraphed the General-in-Chief that two thousand carbines and revolving rifles were required to arm our cavalry. He replied as if he thought it a complaint. I telegraphed you also, to prevent misunderstanding. I speak for the country when I say that 2,000 effective cavalry will cost the support of near $4,000-say $5,000-per day. The power of these men will be doubled by good arms. Thus would be saved $5,000 per day. But this is the smallest part of our trouble. One rebel cavalry-man takes on an average 3 of our infantry to watch our communications, while our progress is made slow and cautious. We command the forage of the country only by sending large train guards. It is of prime necessity in every point of view to master their cavalry. I propose to do this, first, by so arming our cavalry as to give it maximum strength; secondly, by having animals and saddles temporarily to mount infantry brigades for marches and enterprises. We have now 1,000 cavalrymen without horses, and 2,000 without arms. We don't want revolvers so much as light revolving rifles. This matter is so clearly in my mind of paramount public interest that I blush to think it necessary to seem to apologize for it. I do hope the Government will have confidence enough in me to know I never have asked, and never will ask, anything to increase my personal command. Had this been understood when I went with Blenker's division, this nation might have been spared millions of blood and treasure.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 2, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The Governor of Massachusetts telegraphs that you have written to him, urgently asking Massachusetts troops for your army. The Secretary of War directs that you immediately forward to the Department

