
III. The attention of all officers having charge of paroled prisoners is again directed to the orders of the War Department relative to paroled prisoners, the requirements of which must be strictly complied with. Negligence in this respect causes great confusion and injury to the service, and hereafter any officer guilty of such neglect will be held strictly accountable therefor.

General Orders, Numbers 46, current series, War Department, applies to men absent, without authority, paroled prisoners included, and requires that they should be sent to the general camps designated in General Orders, Numbers 72, War Department, of June, 1862, and it requires that the military commandant shall make tri-monthly reports of men so forwarded. General Orders, Numbers 72, names three camps at which paroled prisoners are to be assembled, and the commanders of those camps are required to furnish the commissary general of prisoners with rolls of all men who join or leave, and with a monthly and semi-monthly return showing all alterations.

IV. All tenders of resignations, or applications for leaves of absence or furloughs, will be forwarded through the proper military channels to these headquarters for final action.

V. Officers in their official communications will be governed by the regulations requiring that such communications shall refer to one subject only.

VI. With the exception of telegraphic communications from district commanders, all official papers intended for the commanding general must be addressed to the assistant adjutant-general of the department, and forwarded through the proper military channel.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Numbers 222. Washington, May 18, 1863.

I. Brigadier General N. C. McLean, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty with the command of Major-General Burnside, U. S. Volunteers, and will report in person accordingly.

II. Brigadier General H. G. Wright, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Ohio, and will report in person to the commanding general, Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, May 19, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

I have no information of any movements or intentions of the enemy. Everything seems to be quiet, so far as I can learn. It has occurred to me that Johnston is massing his troops on the railroad from Athens to Knoxville, in order to flank both yourself and Burnside, and force us to make new and difficult dispositions, and, if possible, to change our base and scatter our troops. They have been fortifying Columbia for several days, which proves their intention to hold it with small force, and perhaps deceive us as to their real intention.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

