
TRIUNE, May 20, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

There was no indication of the enemy advancing late last evening. Refugees who came in yesterday report a considerable force sent toward Vicksburg. I will, of course, remain as you desire until Brannan comes.

SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, May 20, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

One of my scouts, taken prisoner last January and confined at Atlanta, arrived last night. Left Atlanta May 8, and was five days in Chattanooga. Saw Streight's men at Atlanta. They say their ammunition was wet when taken, and give same story about them we have sent. When at Chattanooga, five to seven brigades passed south from Bragg's army. Said they were going to Vicksburg and Rome, Ga. They are fortifying Rome. They were four days passing through in the cars. Two days after, saw two more brigades pass through Stevenson. Saw Texas, Arkansas, and Tennessee troops among them. Says on Streight's approach no troops were at Atlanta; that all stores were moved, citizens fled, and they all considered they "were gone up." Also at Stevenson saw large numbers of empty cars going toward Tullahoma.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

JACKSON, May 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

One of Dodge's men, who was with Streight, escaped after being captured, and has returned to Corinth. He says when taken they were worn out; that Forrest captured them with 500 men. Streight thought a large force was after him. He destroyed all his wagons near Day's Gap, and had great trouble in getting along for wain of provisions. Fourteen hundred men surrendered; the rest got away. Streight took and paroled a large number of prisoners. In most of the fights Streight whipped them, until the last one. Roddey has sent in to Dodge to exchange 70 of his men. He is now at Tuscumbia Valley. Forrest said to have returned to Spring Hill on the 13th instant. Wheeler is said to be in command on east side of Tennessee River.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 20, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I am quite satisfied that the counties in Kentucky west of the Tennessee River ought to belong to the department of General Grant or be attached to the Department of the Missouri, and that the commander of the Department of the Missouri ought to be authorized to act on the border counties of Illinois. In fact, I think the whole State of Illinois should belong to that department.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

