
[CHAP. XXXV.

McLean Battery.-One 30-pounder Parrott and two 32-pounders mounted. The garrison has greatly improved the appearance of this battery by sodding its superior and exterior slopes.

ON THE WEST SIDE OF THE LICKING RIVER.

Larz Anderson Battery.-One face rebuilt and lengthened, in order to move one of the guns, and thus give room for a 30-pounder Parrott. Parapet trimmed and sodded. Work done by soldiers of Company A, Captain Murphy.

Burnet Battery.-New drain dug and old magazine torn down, being too small. Stone wall of new magazine will be done in a few days, and materials for flooring and roofing are at Kyle's, ready for use as soon as the carpenters, now roofing the other magazines, reach the spot. Excavating and building of stone wall, &amp;c., done by part of Company A, under Lieutenant Tener.

Burbank Battery.-New revetment of upright locust logs, with 2-inch cap pieces of plank. Parapet trimmed and about one-half sodded. Work done by soldiers, under Captain Caldwell. Plank to cap revetment, tools and spike, furnished by Engineer Department.

Carlisle Battery.-Water-tight roofing commenced.

Hooper Battery.-Drain made and put in, as magazine was half full of water before. Old roof propped up; water-tight roofing put over it, covered with earth. Entrance altered to allow 5 feet of earth being put on magazine. Two guns mounted. Parapet trimmed and sodded. All done by men in employ of Engineer Department.

Kyle Battery.-Water-tight roof, new drain, and improved entrance to magazine and sodded, and magazine covered, by soldiers of Captain Heaton's company.

New fort south of Kyle's.-Three-fifths of the earthwork finished. Revetment commenced; material to finish it on ground. Drains for ditches, &c., finished, by men in employ of Engineer Department.

Fort Mitchell.-Magazine roof raised from 4 feet 9 inches to 5 feet 9 inches in height, for a distance of 15 feet; beyond that the magazine has a height inside of 5 feet 9 inches. Entrance improved and water-tight roofing put on, by our men. Outwork trimmed and sodded; magazine uncovered and filled in again, by soldiers of Company F, under Lieutenant Holman.

Perry Battery.-Water-tight roofing to magazine, by our men. Revetment straightened, parapet trimmed and sodded, and magazine covered by soldiers of Company F, under Lieutenant Violet.

Bates' Battery.-Water-tight roof to magazine, by our men. Magazine covered, parapet trimmed and sodded, by men of Captain Gatewood's company.

Coombs' Battery.-Magazine lengthened to accommodate ammunition for five guns, it having been built for three. Two-thirds of water-tight roofing finished and drains put in, by our men. All earthwork in connection with the alterations to this magazine, as well as trimming parapet, sodding it, and digging drains, done by Captain Gatewood's company.

I also inclose a copy of an order directing me to inspect, with Brigadier-General Tillson, chief of artillery of fortifications, the fortifications of this department. This examination took place between the 6th and 14th instant. We inspected the work at Salt Creek, Rolling Fork, the two trestles at Muldraugh's Hill, Munfordville, and Bowling Green,

