
MURFREESBOROUGH, May 21, 1863-12.20 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Please answer my last dispatch, and let me know your moves. If you could come down soon, I think we could strike a blow that would tell.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 21, 1863.

Generals BOYLE and HARTSUFF,

Louisville, Ky.:

You have doubtless seen Colonel Loring and learned of my plans. It is very desirable to hurry up the concentration of the troops. All surplus regiments should be sent to Columbia and Glasgow at once, with a view to concentration, as proposed. If you can get two regiments and battery at Glasgow, I can withdraw the three Tennessee regiments there. Colonel Loring will explain. Time is everything just now. How are you off for transportation? The Michigan regiments can be left at Louisville. Answer.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 21, 1863.

General WILLLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

Some rough pontoon boats have been sent to Nicholasville. Please have them sent to Carter at once. Babcock had better go with them. Order Sturgis' division to join Carter, and order him to prepare for a move upon Jamestown, Tenn., at once. The two Tennessee mounted regiments ought to be ready for a move at an hour's notice. What kind of roads lead from Middleburg to Jamestown, Columbia, and Somerset? Send orders to Welsh to be ready to move to-morrow morning; also the Sixty-fifth Illinois.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CATLETTSBURG, KY., May 21, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Trust worthy scouts and other sources of information predict an early raid between the Kanawha and Sandy Rivers by the enemy, now near General Scammon. This place and Ashland, where our general hospital is situated, are greatly exposed. The Guyandotte and Sandly Rivers are fordable at many places. The enemy number 3,000 to 4,000. I can hold Louisa, but my force is too small to divide into smaller detachments.

General Scammon's force is all at Charleston. The entire region between my district and the Kanawha is filled with secesh, and not a Union soldier in it. Will I soon have the 1,000 infantry and a battery? Answer quickly.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

