
fact, they both admit that according to the rebel code they would be shot. They are badly frightened and very penitent. I will forward them via London and Mount Vernon, and desire some instructions as to my course in future with such cases. In sending them off, they are taken beyond the reach of most of the proof which would convict them, which will make it very difficult to have the facts fully brought before the court appointed to try them.

Papers have also been sent me in relation to old Colonel Garrard, of whom you have heard. They were taken from a rebel soldier who was arrested some miles from here toward Richmond. It seems that he had, while in this vicinity, stopped all night with Colonel Garrard, showing him a pass from the rebel colonel commanding at Cumberland Gap, authorizing him to pass through the rebel lines in Kentucky. Colonel Garrard gave him directions how to proceed through the State, giving him also a paper with the names of places in which Union troops were stationed, directing him to avoid them. I have these papers. Mr. White, whom you know, says the last-named paper is the handwriting of the old man. Although no other proof has been discovered, it is generally believed that his horse is the regular information depot for the rebel army in this country. The old gentleman is eighty years old; has one son a brigadier-general in our army, and another State treasurer of Kentucky, as you know, all of which, in my opinion, should not be considered in his favor when the man is doing what he can against us.

I shall wait for instructions. I am informed, although I have never talked with him, that he will not take the oath of allegiance to the United States.

I will send all the papers I have containing proof as to the character of the two spies.

I have established a line of couriers between here and London. I forward, in obedience, our tri-monthly reports for the 10th and 20th of May.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

W. D. HAMILTON,

Major, Commanding Ninth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mays 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

A scouting party proceeded 5 1\2 miles beyond Harpeth on the Shelbyville pike to-day, and encountered no rebel force of consequence.

Respectfully,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

The mail coming from Gallatin was captured again at Hartsville yesterday, being attacked by about 200 rebel cavalry. Six men under

