
a sergeant escaped with the official mail. The escort consisted of a lieutenant and 25 men. I invariably send as large an escort as possible with the number of cavalry I have.

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Cincinnati, May 22, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Troops for the main column start to-morrow. Part of Hartsuff's start to-morrow, and the remainder next day. Hartsuff will not be as tardy as supposed. By what route do you propose to send pack-mules? Have you packers with them? Where shall we receive them? Will be concentrated on the Cumberland in three or four days, and will then move rapidly. The main column will be fully as large as Loring represents. Force will be sent to Carthage to relieve Tennessee regiments at once. Telegraph line will follow us.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 22, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I will send pack-mules to Carthage or Scottsville, or wherever else you wish to receive them. We have packers. Shove your spare cavalry well to the left, to cover Crook's movement on Liberty.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 22, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A column is now organizing for a movement which was planned with the understanding that Getty's division was to join me. the movement should not be delayed, and I hope our lines of communication are strong enough to warrant it. You will remember that it was the understanding that Getty was to join us very soon. The movement will be commenced.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 22, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

I have ordered two more brigades of the Ninth Corps to Columbia, which, with Morrison's brigade, makes a complete division. They start at daylight in the morning from Middleburg. Order Jamestown to be occupied as an outpost by some of Jacob's cavalry, and I think it would be well to occupy Creelsborough and Burkesville both in the same way, if it is possible, as it will prevent much stealing of horses and supplies, and it would prepare us for the contemplated movement. You can order Stover's Tennessee regiment to Lebanon at once. Give it all the arms and supplies it needs. The sixteenth Kentucky can be sent to Glasgow at once.

