
ordered that all dispatches, by signal, telegraph, or letter, except those upon ordinary routine business, shall bear upon the dispatch itself the hour at which they are received. All telegraphic dispatched will hereafter bear the hour at which they are sent by the writer, and that at which they are received by the operator at the station to which they are addressed. A standard time will be adopted at department headquarters by which that of the army will be regulated.

II. Whenever a break occurs in the telegraph lines of this department, the operators at the two stations nearest to and on each side of the break will immediately inform the commandants of the posts nearest their respective stations, who will at once send sufficient guards to accompany the repairers, and will be held responsible for the speedy restoration of the lines.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

G. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 71. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 22, 1863.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 103. Washington, April 27, 1863.

The President directs that the troops in Kentucky not belonging to the Ninth Army Corps be organized into the Twenty-Third Army Corps, to be commanded by Major General G. L. Hartsuff.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I. In accordance with the above order, the troops serving in Kentucky, with the exception of the Ninth Army Corps and those troops which, from military necessity, are temporarily serving with it, will be organized into the Twenty-third Army Corps, under the direction of Major General G. L. Hartsuff, who will command it.* He will leave along the line of the railroad and at the depots of the various stores such force as may be necessary for their protection. This force will be under the command of Brigadier-General Boyle till it can be relieved by the troops now raising in Kentucky.

II. For the objects set forth in Paragraph III of this order, the State of Kentucky is announced as a district in this department.

III. Brigadier-General Boyle is placed in command of the District of Kentucky for the following purposes: He will have command of all the forces raised in Kentucky for special service in that State, under General Orders, Numbers 59, current series, from these headquarters; will have the charge of the safety of public property, and the preservation of quiet in the State; will have the command of the guards over railroads, bridges, and depots of stores. These guards he will replace as soon as possible from the troops he is raising in Kentucky, the guards relieved reporting to General Hartsuff.

IV. Captain S. S. Summer, additional aide-de-camp, is announced as a member of the staff of the major-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Hartsuff assumed command May 28, 1863.

---------------

