
CINCINNATI, May 23, 1863-3.40 a. m.

General ROSECRANS:

I did not understand from Colonel Loring that I was to send regiments to Nashville and Carthage both, in exchange for the Tennessee regiments. I supposed I was to send two regiments and a battery to Cartage, and take the three Tennessee regiments with me, and have made arrangements for sending for the three regiments to Nashville.

I will answer as to where I will have the pack-mules sent when I get your answer as to the regiments at Carthage.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

CORINTH, May 23, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

Spy says Johnston was fighting Grant Sunday and Monday. He left Jackson Sunday, and fighting was said to be going on at Edwards' Station. Troops in large numbers have been coming across from Selma and up from Mobile to Johnston, part from Bragg, and scout says a part from North Carolina and Charleston. Scout from east says a force with heavy trains was crossing at Muscle Shoals; I think it may be the trains of the force that went by cars. They are crossing at Brown's Ferry, or near there.

Is Wheeler in your front? He is reported near mouth of Duck River, but I think it is [T. G.] Woodward.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, May 23, 1863.

Major F. S. BOND:

I have just seen the officer who came through from Hartsville. He informs me that the rebels immediately opposite crossed the river yesterday, taking about 20 prisoners. Fifty men came down to-day as escort. The capture was very near the same place where the cattle were taken.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, May 23, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

I have ordered a telegraph line to be built from Paris to Mount Sterling. Colonel [R. R.] Malty is in Maysville by this time, with about 300 of the Tenth and Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, and will be at Mount Sterling in two or three days. Keep your scouts well out in the direction of Whitesburg. I do not believe the force there as large as represented. I have notified General White at Louisa.

Your old division will not be separated from your command. If Carter keeps his scouts well down toward Jamestown, there will hardly be a chance for a cavalry raid through Liberty. Jamestown, Creelsborough, and Burkesville have been ordered to be occupied by Jacob's cavalry. With so long a line it is impossible to avoid leaving some weak places. Gillmore will be sent you as soon as he returns. I have authority from the Secretary of War to muster in the Tennessee officers, and you are

