
from this direction in any move he may make. What is the distance from Donelson to Palmyra, and what the distance from there to Clarksville? By what road could you reach Palmyra, and how far (ask Haley) from New Portland across to that point, and what kind of road? Am just starting an expedition to Duck River.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY, Lexington, Ky., February 2, 1863.

Major JOSEPH W. STIVERS,Commanding Mount Sterling, Ky.:

MAJOR: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to write you that complaints of the most serious character are continually reaching these headquarters of the depredations of rebels in your vicinity. A few days ago I wrote informing you of outrages committed by guerrillas at or near Olympian Springs. Yesterday a letter was received from Owingsville, stating that a party of 150 rebels had surrounded the house of a Union man by the name of Jackson, living at Mud Lick Springs, murdered him, and also a man by the name of Yarber, who was in the house at the time, and shot a son of Mr. Jenkins. Other depredations had been committed upon Union citizens there, and their lives and property seemed to be altogether without that protection which it is their right to demand and expect. The general directs that you use all the means in your power to prevent a recurrence of such outrages. You will send out frequently strong scouting parties, and send them farther to the front than heretofore. That section of the country is swarming with stragglers from the Confederate service, and Union men and women must not suffer from their lawlessness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 9. Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 2, 1863.

I. In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 9, War Department, January 9, 1863, the troops of this army are divided into three army corps-the Fourteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first. The center, under the command of Major General George H. Thomas, will hereafter be known as the Fourteenth Army Corps, the right wing, Major General A. McD. McCook, as the Twentieth, and the left wing, Major General T. L. Crittenden, as the Twenty-first.

II. The following named officers having reported in obedience to the orders of the War Department, are assigned to duty at these headquarters; Major William McMichael, assistant adjutant-general, Captain Henry Thrall, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant Horace Porter, Ordnance Corps, U. S. Army, to relieve First Lieutenant Theodore Edson as ordnance officer for this department.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

