
With an earnest hope that the plans of the commanding general may be entirely successful, and a disposition on my part to lend all my efforts to that end,

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

(Forwarded by General Willcox to General Burnside.)

MAY 23, 1863.

General CARTER, Somerset:

Welsh's brigade has been ordered to Columbia, by direction of General Burnside. Sturgis' division also has been ordered to halt at Crab Orchard. Cavalry from Columbia will soon occupy Jamestown, and watch Creelsborough and Burkesville. You will please keep a good lookout, and prevent the enemy crossing at Robertsport and passing up by way of Liberty. I shall send an officer with the object to engineer any road work. For this you can press into service a small party of negroes. Is your ammunition sufficient?

O. B. WILLCOX.

LEXINGTON, May 23, 1863.

Colonel GILBERT, Mount Vernon, Ky.:

Scouting party sent down from Owingsville report a rebel force, from 2,000 to 4,000 collecting at Whitesburg, Letcher County, for a raid toward the Ohio. They are said to be waiting for artillery. Please send out spies and others to ascertain the truth. I have just ordered two Tennesseeans (Messrs. Ross and Bell) to go after information in that quarter, and to report to you; but do not wait for them. Send back Major Eversole to Proctor, if he is still in Manchester.

The troops are ordered to accumulate thirteen days' rations of small-stores and forage, with fifteen to twenty days' beef-cattle. If you have any trouble about your supplies, telegraph Lieutenant-Colonel [John H.]Coale, chief commissary, at Stanford, as well as your division commander.

WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 23, 1863-6 a. m.

Colonel HARTRANFT, Lancaster:

Please halt your command at Crab Orchard, and wait for further orders.

O. B. WILLCOX.

MAY 23, 1863-6 a. m.

General WELSH:

Please move your command to Columbia without delay, and report your arrival there by telegraph, both at these headquarters and to General Burnside, at Cincinnati. You will draw your supplies from Lebanon. It is desirable that you move to Columbia as rapidly as possible without breaking down your command, as troops are waiting there to go to the front as soon as you relieve them. This will take you beyond the limits of my district, but I hope we may not be separated long.

O. B. WILLCOX.

