HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, May 23, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding District of Eastern Kentucky:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to request that you will convey his thanks, for their promptness and gallantry, to the officers and soldiers who took part in the skirmish brought on by the rebel guerrillas firing into the steam transports on the 9th instant; and also that you will thank, in his name, the citizens of Catlettsburg for the ready and efficient aid they rendered the troops on this occasion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL STATION, Court-House, Triune, May 24, 1863-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT, Chief of Staff:

Reports from the front state that two regiments left Columbia for Jackson, Miss. There is no force of consequence between this and Columbia and Shelbyville. The rebels have almost devastated the country. Great despondency is felt over the fall of Jackson. It is supposed an attempt will be made to retake it.

BRANNAN,

General.

FRANKLIN, May 24, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

My information is that the Mississippi and Texas troops left Spring Hill on Wednesday for Mississippi, but returned on Friday night. Their movements are very mysterious and difficult to develop. I am in hopes to learn everything to-night. Rebels say Mississippi has "gone up a spout."

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 24, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I think the problem of our success depends on transportation, besides establishing Coale at Stanford. I have just appointed Marsh assistant quartermaster and inspector of transportation in the field. He starts at 2 o'clock for Nicholasville, where he will personally superintend loading of the trains, condition of mules and wagons, fitness of wagon-masters, with a detail of soldiers to replace the incompetent, to discipline and instruct the drivers, and generally to accumulate supplies at Stanford and Crab Orchard. Gilbert reports many of his horses used up, but I will replace them and do everything else to drive things along. Has Dickerson sent the additional transportation? We have 293 wagons to supply the district. What would Scott or Taylor have thought of that in Mexico?

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

