
MOUNT VERNON, May 24, 1863.

General WILLCOX:

Captain Lysander [W.] Tulleys' reconnaissance indicates no serviceable artillery at Cumberland Gap. His detachment of 200 men was in plain sight, in easy cannon range, of the fortifications for some time, and no artillery was seen, except the large gun on the left-hand pinnacle, for which it is now said they have no ammunition, and was not manned at all. Captain Tulleys reports that the garrison, although entirely unaware of his presence until his command emerged from the forest in plain sight, evinced the utmost coolness. He formed line of battle in front of their works at the edge of the broken ground, and quietly awaited developments. They showed only about 600 men. He captured 2 privated and 4 horses, and mortally wounded 1 man of the Sixth Georgia Cavalry, being their picket on the Baptist Gap road. Their other pickets were so well posted that the parties sent to capture them failed. Our only loss was 1 horse abandoned in the mountains. The composure of the garrison, in awaiting developments, indicated first-class troops and supports close by. The pursuit, after our men commenced falling back, was ended by a volley from thirty of our rifles, which brought down 2 horses and several men. Captain Tulleys' detachment crossed four high and very steep mountains, and marched 40 miles in less than twenty-four hours. They had to lead their horses about half the whole distance.

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, May 25, 1863-10 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE E. FLYNT,A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

Cox's regiment of cavalry from Roved have arrived at Chapel Hill, in place of Patterson's. Forrest was expected at Riggs' cross-roads to-day or to-morrow.

Respectfully,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, May 25, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Spies at Corinth report that the rebel cavalry have orders to assemble at Columbia within five days. All forces below us are called to Vicksburg. Grant is doing well; had Vicksburg closely invested on 22nd, with about 20,000 men shut up there. Has captured 6,000 prisoners and seventy-four pieces of artillery.

HURLBUT.

CINCINNATI, May 25, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

The following two dispatches have just been received from Willcox:

LEXINGTON, May 25, 1863-8.30 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The following just received from Somerset:

I have just been advised that the rebels crossed the river at mount of Fishing Creek this morning and are now engaging the guards of the First Kentucky Cavalry, who are stationed there. Have sent

