
the brigade have been ordered from Crab Orchard to Stanford, where Colonel Hartranft will make his headquarters. Burnside says:

Tell General Carter that if the enemy are crossing in force at the mouth of Fishing Creek, he must move out and fight them; if they have already crossed and gone toward Liberty, he must detach a sufficient force to follow them. The whole thing is in his hands, and I feel satisfied that he will not fail to use his force skillfully, and that he will not fall back until it is demonstrated that the safety of his command demands it.

Telegraph frequently during the day as to the state of affairs. There will still be a brigade left at Crab Orchard after one moves to Stanford.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 25, [1863].

Colonel COALE, Stanford:

General Carter drove back the rebels to-day across the river. I do not hank they crossed farther down. Send orders to officer commanding detachment of the Thirty-sixth Massachusetts to move forward to Columbia as soon as Byrd's Tennessee (mounted) troops reach Liberty, unless he hears the enemy are moving up, in which case he will remain to defend the road.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 25, 1863-Midnight.

Colonel HARTRANFT, Commanding Second Division, Crab Orchard:

I sent word to you this morning, through Colonel Coale, to hold the brigade to which the Stanford regiment belongs in readiness to march. I find the Fifty-first New York has arrived at Stanford. You will, therefore, order the rest of the brigade at once to Stanford, and make that place the headquarters of your division. The other brigade will be kept in constant readiness to march also. If the rebels cross below Somerset, they may make a dash up the Liberty road. I have ordered the Fifty-first New York to Hustonville.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, May 26, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

My cavalry will cross the Tennessee to-night at Hamburg, and push east to Waynesborough and Florence and attack enemy; also destroy all mills, forage, &amp;c.

I understand that all the enemy's cavalry on that side of the river have been ordered to Columbia, and they are moving that way.

Two regiments of Roddey's force crossed at Florence last Friday.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

FRANKLIN, May 26, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

No news or changes in front, that I can ascertain. A party was out last night on the Carter Creek pike; killed 2 and wounded several, but obtained no information.

