
I have two spies out, whom I expect in to-night. Hope to learn something important. Have been much occupied in smashing up the "grapevine line" and with good success.

Will keep you advised if anything turns up. What is the news in your quarter and elsewhere? How is Grant, and where is he?

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, May 26, 1863-7.30 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

The following is the last received from Grant, from near Vicksburg, May 22:

Major-General HALLECK:

Vicksburg is now completely invested. I have possession of Haines' Bluff and the Yazoo; consequently have supplies. To-day an attempt was made to carry the city by assault, but was not entirely successful. We hold possession, however, of some of the enemy's forts and have skirmishers close under them all.

Our loss was not severe.

The nature of the ground about Vicksburg is such that it can only be taken by siege. It is entirely sage to us in time; I would say within one week, if the enemy do not send a larger army upon my rear. With the railroad destroyed to beyond Pearl River. I don't see the hope the enemy can entertain of such relief.

I learn that Davis has promised, if the garrison can hold out fifteen days, he will send 100,000 men, if he has to evacuate Tennessee to do it.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 143. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 26, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

XVIII. Brigadier General R. S. Granger will report to Brigadier-General Morgan, commanding at Nashville, who will assign him to the command of the troops at that post.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 26, [1863]-4 p. m.

General CARTER:

Your dispatches received. I have ordered Gilbert, if report of rebel force marching on Barboursville be confirmed, to concentrate his troops and attack first favorable opportunity. Your two cavalry companies are probably at Liberty. I will order them to you. Byrd is probably there to-day. The prominent Union citizens of Stanford have petitioned that Captain Simpson, Seventh Ohio, be retained there. Unless you object, he will be kept there at present.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 27, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Have you anything from Grant? Where is Forrest's headquarters?

A. LINCOLN.

