
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 27, 1863-10.15 p. m.

President LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

According to our latest news, Forrest's headquarters were at Spring Hill yesterday, and moved to Riggs' cross-roads, 18 miles southwest of here, to-day. The latest from Grant we have is of the rebel dispatch last night, saying that Johnston had crossed the Big Black north of him with 20,000 men. They were not jubilant at 2 o'clock to-day, when our provost-marshal was on their front, talking to Dr. Avent, Bragg's chief surgeon.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

TRIUNE, May 27, 1863-3.40 p. m.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD:

I have the following information from very reliable sources:

The rebels have two divisions of infantry, with artillery in proportion and five brigades of cavalry, in addition to Forrest's cavalry command of 5,000 strong, between Riggs' cross-roads and Spring Hill, advancing cautiously. The brigade reported to have gone south went from Shelbyville to Fayetteville, and from there to Columbia. Forrest moved his headquarters to Riggs' cross-roads to-day. The rebels have three pontoon bridges across Duck River, between Chapel Hill and Columbia. Johnston's dispatch to Bragg yesterday stated that he had nearly annihilated Grant's army, and that Vicksburg is entirely safe. Freday's fighting Grant had the advantage. Saturday's was without result. Sunday and Monday Johnston beat Grant.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SIGNAL STATION,

Court-House, May 27, 1863-12 midnight.

General GARFIELD:

I have ordered out my entire cavalry force in the direction of Spring Hill and Franklin pike. Will report on their return.

BRANNAN,

General.

CARTHAGE, May 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. CARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

No movements of the enemy to communicate. Seventeen of the mail party spoken of before were captured. Two of the enemy killed. I have an expedition now at Hartsville. Contraband women are coming in in such numbers that I cannot afford to feed them. What can I do with them?

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

