
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 3, 1863-10.30 p. m.

E. M. STANTON:

Paymasters have arrived with funds for payment of my command to October 31 only. I think this army richly merits all pay due it. The last payment was to August 31, and in the case of some fifty regiments was made after preparation of October rolls, which, of course, bear no trace of the August payment, and must, therefore, be made over. October rolls of some regiments were lost in the late battle, and cannot well be replaced. Such commands, with many others, have their December rolls only. The Acting Paymaster-General advises my chief paymaster that money for the December payment will probably be furnished by the time of conclusion of the October payment. This will require the trouble and labor of two payments, which might be embraced in one. This is very undesirable, in view of the fact that my pay corps-by no means large-is mostly composed of paymasters just appointed, whose utter lack of practical experience would make a double payment slow, tedious, and unnecessarily burdensome. The present concentration of the bulk of my command presents an opportunity for a prompt and thorough payment which may not be long available. I earnestly request that Major Larned be authorized to make his payments to December 31 at once, and that funds for their completion be immediately furnished.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., February 3, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

The following dispatch just received from Fort Henry:

By an order from General Halleck, it would seem that the command in Fort Heiman is still retained, while Donelson and Henry are transferred to your department. This is bad business, and I hope the general will take measures to have Heiman transferred. Part of my regiment is at each of these places. Part of one infantry regiment is on each side. My quartermaster's storehouse is one side, and the commissary depot on the other. Besides, it is utterly impossible to make correct returns and reports. More than this, I ought to be able to operate subject to the orders of one commander.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Will you please give the necessary orders to correct this?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 3, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough:

GENERAL: Your recent telegrams have been couched in terms implying a censure upon the Government for not properly supplying you with cavalry and cavalry arms. You are certainly under a grave misapprehension. You cannot be more anxious for success than the Government is for you to succeed; the Government is as desirous of giving you the means of success as you are to receive them; but yours is not

