
with two regiments on Friday last; that all the cavalry at Okolona, Miss., was under marching orders to Johnston last Thursday. To reach Grant from rebel position, it would require a march of nearly 400 miles.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 28, 1863-11 p. m.

Secretary STANTON:

The following dispatch just received from Major General G. Granger, Franklin, Tenn.:

Forrest was in Spring Hill yesterday afternoon. I do not know what force has gone to re-enforce rebels in Mississippi. We have been looking all day for an attack.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CORINTH, May 28, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

Roddey was crossing to north side of river. The force was in Okolona up to Sunday night, but was said to have marching orders from Johnston. It was also said Wood had been placed in command of mounted force. Johnston was receiving re-enforcements up to the 23rd. He was then northwest of Jackson, near Big Black. Most of the troops going to him came by the way of Salem. I have not heard from Muscle Shoals, but shall in one or two days. I think that there is no doubt about the cavalry on the east side of the river being ordered to Columbia. Four regiments that crossed when Wood did are still at Okolona. If you hear from my force, please inform me. As near as the scout can ascertain, Johnston had about 15,000 men. This included Gregg's and Walker's brigades. It was said they were waiting for more to come up.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 28, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I send to-day a letter inclosing a route for cavalry through East Tennessee and Georgia; also copies of telegrams in reference tot he exchange of Tennessee troops. Substantially what Colonel Loring explained to you was, that I wished Hartsuff to hold Carthage, and suggested that, supposing the exchange made, your Tennessee regiments, with two additional regiments and a battery, would suffice. If the regiments you give me in exchange for the Tennesseeans can report more easily at Carthage, let them report to General Crook. As soon as this is done, the Tennesseeans under General Spears will report to you.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 28, 1863-4.30 p. m.

E. M. STANTON:

Our cavalry went yesterday p. m. find Forrest, at Eagleville, and the scouts report he was not there. Had you heard any news which prompted your question of last night?

W. S. ROSECRANS.

