
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 29, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

My inquiry as to Forrest's headquarters was to trace a rumor of disaster to Grant, said to have come from Forrest's headquarters, which has been ascertained to be untrue. Much apprehension is felt in the North that the enemy would escape from your front and fall on Grant, and we were, on that ground, also anxious to know where Forrest is, for reports say he has gone south for that purpose.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

MEMPHIS, May 29, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Grant, on the 25th, had not taken Vicksburg. It is now a siege. He apprehended re-enforcements to Johnston, who has now from 6,000 to 10,000 men west of Vicksburg. I am ordered to send cavalry to Grenada, and all spare infantry to Vicksburg. Shall send twelve regiments as soon as they can be transported.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, May 29, 1863-8.50 a. m.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

I left Knoxville on Wednesday of last week, 20th instant, for Nashville, via Chattanooga and shelbyville. General Buckner was in command of Knoxville. He has considerable force stationed on the road to Cumberland Gap Mountain, Big Creek Gap, Clinton, Kingston, and Loudon. General Buckner came to Knoxville and took command about one week before I left.

From their conversation, they deem themselves quite secure at Chattanooga. I saw but few troops. The fortifications being poor, the bridges and roads from Chattanooga to Tullahoma are all guarded; but I see no considerable force at either of the guard posts.

At Tullahoma I saw quite a number of troops; I saw a greater number at Wartrace; the fortifications at both points being strong. At Shelbyville, on Friday evening and Saturday, there was a movement of troops across the river, going, as I learned, in the direction of Murfreesborough, to meet General Rosecrans, who, it was stated, had made an advance movement. Between Farmington and Lewisburg there is a force of several regiments.

I saw no more troops until I reached the picket lines, where Cox's regiment of cavalry is stationed. On Friday there was great excitement at Shelbyville, and great stir among the troops. On Saturday the troops. I did not see even the picket guard. I did not go out of the town to gather information.

M. B. LEE.

[Indorsements.]

Mrs. Lee is the wife of Mr. Lee, of $10,000 notoriety.

H. W. FYFFEE,

Captain of Police.

