
MURFREESBOROUGH, May 29, 1863-12 m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Please let me know exact position of your troops. When will they be at Carthage and Jamestown? My own movements are awaiting yours. The position of affairs in front may make it necessary for you to push on to McMinnville. Please hold your troops in readiness, should this be necessary.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 29, 1863-10.40 a. m.

(Received 12 m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

It is believed that the Third Division of the Ninth Army Corps, at Suffolk, General Getty commanding, had better be added to Burnside's command. We hope this can be done, as it will enable him to prosecute with success the expedition into East Tennessee. This part of the State should be entered. The oppression and inhumanity inflicted are indescribable, and must be redressed. If the Government does not give that protection guaranteed by the Constitution, the Tennessee. This they will do though they perish to a man in the attempt. This summer should not pass without protection being extended. General Burnside id in high spirits, and confident of being able to enter the State. I have received much encouragement in getting up forces, and think I shall succeed.

ANDREW JOHNSON.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1863.

Gov. ANDREW JOHNSON, Louisville, Ky.:

General Burnside has been frequently informed lately that the division under General Getty cannot be spared. I am sorry to have to tell you this, but it is true, and cannot be helped.

A. LINCOLN.

LA VERGNE, May 30, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Guard at Mill Creek Bridge Numbers 3 reported a small body of rebels, about 30, crossing the railroad track early this a. m., at the point where train was captured on 10th of last month. A small party was seen yesterday by trackmen near same place. I have notified General Steedman. Engine was thrown from track here last night. Have it now on. Will not delay trains much. Engine not damaged.

J. B. ANDERSON,

[Railroad Superintendent.]

FRANKLIN, May 30, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

One of my scouts,in from Chapel Hill, Caney Spring, Bethesda, and Spring Hill, reports that about one-half of Bragg's force has gone to Mississippi; that the country is filled with small parties of cavalry, and

