
that Forrest is at Spring Hill, with about 5,000 men. Colonel McCook reports that Forrest intends to attack him at Brentwood, and is moving through Hillsborough. I am inclined to doubt this latter, but hope it is true.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, May 30, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Dodge:

Colonel Corny met Roddey's command 1 mile this side of Caisson. Fought and whipped him badly. Took 100 prisoners, 8 commissioned officers, 400 head of stock, 200 able-bodied negroes, and took the town of Caisson. Thursday, immediately advanced north, burned the cotton (enemy's), foundry, and flour mills, with large quantities of produce, cloth, and grain. He also destroyed all the forage in the country, and is now recrossing the river. He surprised the enemy. The expedition was a success. Scouts that went out with Corny bring rebel papers up to the 24th of May. They speak of re-enforcements going from Georgia to Johnston. Scouts say that, as far as they can learn, troops were leaving Bragg up to the 25th. Wagon trains crossed [the river] going south a week ago. Corny had a few man killed and wounded, and only 3 missing.

MEMPHIS, May 30, 1863-9 p. m.

General Oglesby reports that Johnston has received re-enforcements as follows: From Gragg, 20,000; from Port Hudson, 10,000; from Mobile, 6,700. This is undoubtedly incorrect, or it relates to the whole force drawn from those points, instead of late re-enforcements. Two railroad engineers (left Canton on Wednesday, arrived at La Grange to-day) state that Johnston is at Jackson with 13,000 men. One of them heard say that D. H. HILL was on the way from Virginia with 18,000 men; said that he would attack Grant in rear, in five days. Crossing over Pearl River are being constructed.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, May 30, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

The following dispatch is just received from General Oglesby, at Grenada:

I have information from a source I cannot mention, but reliable, that Johnston has 70,000 men, and will soon attack Grant. The force is probably mostly from Bragg. I will try to find out to-day.

R. J. OGLESBY,

Brigadier-General.

No boat up from below as yet.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MAY 30, 1863.

General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I have one column concentrated at Columbia, with the advance at Jamestown; one at Somerset, with the advance at Waitsborough; one at Crab Orchard, and one at London and Mount Vernon, with outposts at Barboursville, Cumberland Ford, and Manchester. Orders are now out for concentrating the first three columns for the movement you speak of, and I leave this place for the front on Tuesday. I am anxiously awaiting your letter, after the receipt of which I will start a

