
bearer of dispatches to you at once. Hartsuff has great difficulty in concentrating his troops in consequence of lack of transportation. Your requisitions for mules and horses have been so great that we have not been able to organize our own trains. He will not be at the point we agreed upon with his troops in time to relieve the Tennessee regiments at Carthage; so that our first move will have to be made without them. We will not be able to use your pack-mule train unless they have panniers. The first column ill move without reference to Hartsuff. If there is occasion for special haste in order to co-operate with you, let me know definitely.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 21 Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 30, 1863.

The following officers are announced as the staff of the major-general commanding this corps: Lieutenant Colonel G. P. Thruston, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major Caleb Bates, aide-de-camp and assistant adjutant and inspector general; Captain H. N. Fisher, volunteer aide-de-camp and topographical engineer; Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Boyd, assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Burton, assistant commissary of subsistence; Major C. S. Cotter, First Ohio Artillery, chief of artillery; Captain S. B. Lawrence, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters; Captain A. C. McClurg, Eighty-eight Illinois, acting assistant adjutant-general and ordnance officer; Major J. Pekins, surgeon Tenth Kentucky, medical director; Asst. Surg. J. W. Craig, Tenth Illinois, medical purveyor; Captain George L. Hayward, First Ohio, provost-marshal, and First Lieutenant B. R. Wood, senior signal officer.

A. McD. McCOOK.

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 78. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 30, 1863.

I. Brigadier General N. C. McLean, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby appointed provost-marshal-general of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. The headquarters of the provost-marshall-general will be in Cincinnati, Ohio, and all communications addressed to him will be sent through the provost-marshals of districts. Wherever these are not appointed, they will be sent direct.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., May 31, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General H. W. Halleck, General-in-Chief:

Coburn's brigade appears to be scattered, as follows: Nineteenth Michigan, at Columbus, Ohio; Thirty-third and Eighty-fifth Indiana, at Indianapolis; Twenty-second Wisconsin, at Benton Barracks, Saint Louis. By whose orders this is done I know not; but, unless they are

