
CINCINNATI, May 31, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Lexington, Ky.:

Give orders to have your officers' baggage cut down to the lowest possible amount. In my staff I have limited it to 30 pounds baggage. The men should not be allowed to take more than one change of underclothing and an extra pair of shoes; the remainder of their clothing should be nicely packed, marked, distinctly, and sent to the depot at Hickman Bridge. Let this be seen to by the regimental officers to-morrow, and surplus baggage all arranged and started to the rear on Tuesday morning. The officers should see that every package is distinctly marked. Men should be required on starting to carry in haversacks three day's provisions, and in the surplus room in knapsacks five day's hard bread and small rations. Distribute this order by telegraph to-night. Welsh and Morrison can send their surplus things to Lebanon, and thence by rail, under charge of an officer and two or three men, to Nicholasville, via Louisville, and thence to camp at Hickman Bridge.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, May 31, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

While waiting your answer to my last dispatch, I deem it proper to say that I wish to make a forward movement within the next four days. It is of the utmost importance that your force be as far to the front as possible, so as to protect my left flank and be prepared to support me by an advance on McMinnville, if necessary. I inquired about your transportation and supplies, because we may be abe to unite our forces and move straight on Chattanooga.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, May 31, 1863-6 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

The pack-mules all have to be loaded before starting. I had rather have them at Lebanon that at any other place. Can they be sen there by the return cars from your place? If so, please send them at once. I can concentrate the Ninth Corps at Monticello in two or three days, from whence we can march direct.

We are very deficient in transportation, but still can move at once. [What] kind of pannier have the pack-mules? I understood by one of your telegrams that you had sent a letter explaining some roads for the cavalry to take, which was the letter that I refereed to.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 124. Murfreesborough, Tenn., May 31, 1863.

I. Captain W. E. Merill, having relieved Captain N. Michler, chief topographical engineer at these headquarters, is announced as engineer officer in charge of the topographical department, reporting to Brigadier

