
Please accept my thanks for the gentle admonition you gave my son, and the kind manner in which it was done.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

[JUNE 1, 1863.]

General ROSECRANS:

Corny took Florence Thursday. Found Roddey there and whipped him. They say forces were going to Johnston from Bragg up to the 25th [ultimo]; also that some trains crossed Muscle shoals a week ago.

We destroyed everything that would aid in that part of Seward[?] County; mills, foundries, forage, &amp;c., were burned. The prisoners say that there is no doubt of forces going to Johnston from Bragg. Roddey's command had not gone to Columbia, but Biffle's had.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 84. Cincinnati, Ohio, June 1, 1863.

I. I tendency of the opinions and articles habitually published in the newspaper known as the New York World being to cast reproach upon the Government, and to weaken its efforts to suppress the rebels calculated to exert a pernicious and treasonable influence, and is therefore prohibited in this department.

II. Postmasters, news agents, and all others will govern themselves by this order; as any person detected in forwarding, selling, or in any way circulating the paper referred to will be promptly arrested and held for trial.

III. On account of the repeated expression of disloyal and incendiary sentiments, the publication of the newspaper known as the Chicago Times is hereby suppressed.

IV. Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, commanding District of Illinois, if charged with the execution of the third paragraph of this order.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 1, 1863.-For Lincoln to Burnside, in reference to the administration of military affairs in the loyal States, suppression of the Chicago Times, &c., see Series III.]

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 2, 1863.

(Received 3.10 a. m.)

General BURNSIDE:

Our movement has begun, and we want you to come up as near and as quickly as possible. It will not interfere with your East Tennessee movement, but will strengthen it. First, we want you to occupy Carthage, from where Crook will move Thursday morning, leaving the Tennessee troops there. When will your bearded of dispatches leave you?

W. S. ROSECRANS.

