
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., June 2, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Keep Hartsuff compact, and hold Cartage, if you possibly can. By all means spare me cavalry, if you can. Can't you send me the Third Kentucky Cavalry from Hopkinsville?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, June 2, 1863-6 p. m.

General ROSECRANS:

A scout just in at Corinth left Columbia on the 21st May, with Jackson's and Whitfield's brigades of cavalry, under command of Jackson, 5,000 strong; crossed the Tennessee at Decatur 25th; took the road to Columbus, Miss. thence to Jackson. This is Van Dorn's old command, except Armstrong's brigade, which was left at Columbia. He left them at Pikeville on Thursday. He says two divisions from Bragg have gone to Johnston; also troops from Georgia and South Carolina. Forrest was left at Columbia, and Ruggles was near Okolona with ten pieces of artillery, and large cavalry force at Okolona. Officers say Johnston is being re-enforced very slowly, causing great disaffection. They think if Pemberton can hold out two weeks, Johnston will be able to relieve him. He is now at Jackson organizing and provisioning his troops. They think Grant's position very strong, and estimate his force very high. I have sent to Grant in all twenty-eight regiments of infantry. Corny, from Corinth, crossed at Florence last week, surprised Roddey, killed and wounded 60, captured 100, found 50 ----, 500 horses and mules, 200 negroes, burned the cotton factories, and recrossed with trifling loss. No late news from Vicksburg.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 85 Cincinnati, Ohio, June 2, 1863.

I. The state of Michigan is hereby constituted a district of this department, to be known as the District of Michigan.

II. Brigadier General J. D. Cox, U. S. Volunteers, in addition to his duties of commander of the District of Ohio, will assume temporary command of the District of Michigan. His headquarters will remain in this city.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 87. Cincinnati, Ohio, June 2, 1863.

It is announced, for the information of all concerned, that the publication or circulation of books containing sentiments of a disloyal tendency comes clearly within the reach of General Orders, Numbers 38, and those who offend in this manner will be dealt with accordingly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

