
CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Can Captain [Alexander] Murry remain with me? His company will have two officers without him. Major [Nathaniel C.] Macrae, who is retired, is here, and can be placed on duty by the order of the President. I would like to have him. General Rosecrans has consented to allow General Green Clay Smith to come to this department if you will consent.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 3, 1863-4.10 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Lexington, Ky.:

Captain Murry must obey orders. Major Macrae will be assigned to duty with you. You can have General Green Clay Smith. You must hurry forward re-enforcements to General Grant. If you cannot hire river boats, you must impress them. Telegrams from Memphis say that Bragg is sending large re-enforcements to Johnston.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 3, 1863-4.10 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Accounts received here indicate that Johnston is being heavily reenforced from Bragg's army. If you cannot hurt the enemy now, he will soon hurt you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, June 3, 1863.

G. GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Drove of 175 mules on Gallatin pike captured. Guerrillas crossed the Cumberland at 12.30 p. m. to-day. Stated they would be at Lebanon before dark, where Wheeler would be met with his cavalry division. Cavalry sent from here on both sides of river in pursuit, but have not overtaken them.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, June 3, 1863.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

When Ward's brigade left, I had but 100 men at night for duty. The men belonged to Nicklin's battery. I ordered five companies here from One hundred and twenty-ninth Illinois, and one sent to river. I have learned that an attack will be made on bridges and stockades toward Nashville. I shall send strong companies immediately, and shall then have 350 men for this and for the fort and provost guard. I have now a very large supply of rations, a large quantity of rations and ammunition, also of horses and mules. Permit me to say that, unless we

