
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 91. Cincinnati, Ohio, June 4, 1863.

I. By direction of the President of the United States, the order suppressing the publication of the Chicago Times is hereby revoked.

II. The circulation of the New York World in this department having been suppressed for the same reasons that caused the suppression of the publication of the Chicago Times, that portion of the general order relating to said newspaper is hereby revoked. It will be allowed to resume its circulation.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CARTHAGE, TENN., June 4, [1863]

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

A scouting party, composed of the Thirty-sixth Ohio Regiment, sent to Trousdale Ferry, on Caney Fork, succeeded in capturing 16 prisoners and 32 horses of Smith's command. We are now crossing the river. Have been ferrying all day yesterday and all last night. Will be at Liberty to-morrow.

Respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 4, 1863-1 a. m.

General TURCHIN,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Direct Colonel Paramore to march at 6 o'clock this morning, with the mounted men of the Third, Fourth, and Tenth Ohio, to Liberty, on the direct road. He will take eight day's rations-three in haversacks and five in wagons-with 60 rounds of ammunition per man. Colonel Wilder marches his command on the same road at the same hour, and Colonel Paramore will report to him. The quartermaster of each regiment will be left behind, and the dismounted men, for the purpose of getting their horses to-morrow. Orders to direct these detachments will be issued hereafter. At Liberty the command will be reported to General Crook. The tents will not be taken, but an officer will be detailed to take charge of the baggage in case the camps are broken up. The pickets now on from these regiments will join the detachments in camp as soon as they can be relieved to-morrow by the First Brigade.

Respectfully,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 4, 1863-12.05 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Lexington, Ky.:

It would be obviously improper for you to leave your department to accompany a temporary detachment of less than one-quarter of your

