
The Seventy-eight in on Roper's Knob, and the balance in the fort. This order changes my whole disposition of the forces, and I don't feel satisfied at all, and ask you to entirely relieve me. I will command my own brigade, but will not obey this order. If I have not done my duty, say so. My brigade consists of the uncaptured force of the Eighty-fifth and Thirty-third Indiana, Nineteenth Michigan, and Twenty-second Wisconsin, amounting to about 400. There are 242 convalescents, and this force is in the main fort. The Seventy-eight Illinois numbers about 400, and only 332 for duty. Granger knew before he left here how I had disposed the forces, and approved it.

Respectfully,

J. P. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, June 6, 1863-12 m. (Received 2.15 p. m.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General Burnside directs me to send two regiments and a battery to Carthage, if possible. The Ninth Army Corps have all gone, leaving me with a very limited number to protect the whole Kentucky line. I understand there are three regiments there now. Am going to Glasgow myself to-morrow, and intend, if possible, to send about 2,000 mixed troops to Tompkinsville or Red Springs. It will leave no troops available for Carthage unless the necessity is very great, and other places must then be stripped. Please inform me immediately about it.

HARTSUFF,Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 6, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Have just telegraphed General W. S. Rosecrans in full. His answer will determine whether troops are sent to Carthage. Shall send Hobson to Columbia. Every car on the railroad in use. Cannot start before to-morrow evening. Division of the Ninth Corps rapidly arriving there now. I will go from Columbus to Columbia; thence to Somerset, Mount Vernon, and Lexington. Can determine from Somerset whether Sander's expedition is practicable.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, June 6, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Following just received:

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 6.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

One regiment will be sufficient under an able commander, provided you occupy Red Springs. I will be geld if you can take Carthage under your control.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Will send a regiment immediately on arriving at Columbus. Shall I add forces at Carthage to my command, and control the place?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

