
INDIANAPOLIS, June 6, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A great many of Coburn's brigade stampeded from Camp Chase and went home. When the residue of the Indiana portion of it got to Indianapolis, Governor Morton got authority to furlough them for ten days.

During this time the scattered were being collected, and the whole being clothed and placed in readiness for the field, and we have been forwarding, for the last three or four days, all exchanged men. I placed Colonel Coburn in command of the camp of exchanged men, and in a day or two they will all be forwarded, and Colonel Coburn will then join his command.

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

FRANKLIN, June 7, 1863-1 p. m.

General GARFIELD:

Everything quiet here. Telegraph was again cut about daylight, but was soon repaired by Operator Perdue, who is very efficient. Will there be a train here to-day? I have broken up the hospital in Franklin, and ordered stored brought this side of river. A company of cavalry, with Colonels Faulkner and Cooper, [went] to Nashville night before last. Are coming down, and as soon as they report I will inform you of the condition of roads and country, but am satisfied the railroad is not cut.

I think the rebels were waiting to capture train, and were scared out by Granger's cavalry attacking on my left, and did not stop to tear up the road.

J. J. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FRANKLIN, June 7, 1863. (Received 3.25 p. m.)

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

No enemy seen to-day. No firing, but the bridge at Brentwood was burned by the rebels.

This morning a company of cavalry came through from Nashville; just arrived. They report a party of 12 rebels who cut the telegraph this morning and burned the bridge. Major-General Granger has sent me two regiments of cavalry, and I feel entirely safe for the present.

General Granger's orders have been complied with.

I was moving camps when your dispatch came. I will send you a full explanation of my last night's dispatch, and you will see I neither intended to disobey orders or treat General Granger with disrespect, for there is no officer in the service for whom I have a higher regard that General Gordon Granger.

J. P. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

