
FRANKLIN, June 7, 1863.

General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

My dispatch should read that I could not obey that order. My only objection was to that portion respecting the change of position, and while an attack was impending I could not change camps. I was carrying out the order when your dispatch came. Colonel Van Derveer came here and reported tome, and when I sent him an order, he took command, as he said, by General Granger's order, when he left. I got nothing from the general until the staff officer came. The other reasons, connected with my difficulty with some officers at Thompson's Station, led me to think General Granger was not satisfied with my manner of conducting the defense, and I asked you to relieve me for [these] reasons, and I because I could not get an answer by signal from General Granger.

I have no desire to shirk duty or responsibility, and never disobeyed an order in my life. So far as meaning disrespect to General Granger, there is no officer in the service for whom I entertain a higher regard both as an officer and a gentlemen, and shall obey his main order to the letter, viz, to hold the post at all hazards.

Hoping this may prove satisfactory,

J. P. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 7, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati:

You will accept the thanks of the President and this Department for your alacrity and promptness in sending forward re-enforcements to General Grant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, June 7, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

If you will direct the troops at Carthage to report to me, I will add them to my command, and will assume control of the place, &amp;c. Please give me their strength, and any information concerning them or the place that may be valuable. General Burnside agrees.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 7, 1863-9.50 p. m.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

I telegraphed you briefly this morning. Have been waiting telegram from General Burnside. I have already, in the Department of the Ohio, belonging to this army, the First, Third, Eighth, and Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, seven regiments Kentucky infantry, and Second Ohio Cavalry; also two regiments from old Thirty-fourth Brigade-the Twenty-third

