
LOUISA, KY., June 7, 1863-Evening.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

I have correct information direct from beyond Pound Gap. There are 4,000 of the enemy in Russell Coutny, Virginia, mostly mounted, with some artillery. This is exclusive of the garrison at the Salt-Works. They say they are going to meet an expected demonstration on Cumberland Gap.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT VERNON, June 7, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER:

GENERAL: The communication which called forth the following was a notice to citizens of Knox Coutny, who might become the victims of rebel malignity, setting forth that I would, on their application to me here, locate such as were driven from their homes there on account of their loyalty to the United States and to the State of Kentucky on farms of disloyal persons in this vicinity. It was not sent to or intended especially for the commanding officer of the rebel forces at Cumberland Gap: Nor was there anything in its contents to call forth of justify the ungentlemanly language used in the following. Being at a distance of about 80 miles, and in a strongly fortified mountain pass, this valiant general no doubt considered himself perfectly safe in indulging in abusive epithets and ridiculous blustering. This communication would indicate this individual as the true prototype in mind, as he is in person, of Shakespeare's famous knight, Sir John Falstaff. Deserters from his command represent his men in fully as sad a plight as the tatterdemalions led out to battle by Sir John. God speed the day when those poor fellows shall be relieved from the oppressive rule of such bogus chivalry.

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS GRACIE'S BRIGADE, June 4, 1863.

There has been brought to my notice a communication issued from the headquarters Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Army of the Cumberland, Kentucky, May 26, 1863, signed by S. A. Gilbert, colonel commanding, notifying the commandant of the rebel forces at Cumberland Gap, in the State of Tennessee, that the said colonel will cause the families of rebel sympathizers to be removed from their homes on account of the alleged removal of the families of certain (unarmed) citizens of Knox County, Kentucky.

Without condescending to further notice the abusive character of the article or its author, I deem it due to the truth of history to remark that no families have been removed from their homes by my command until the order recently issued for the removal of the notorious Green Turner, his brothers Ben and Jim Turner, and John Howard, with their families, living in close proximity to my lines.

Green Turner was guide to the Yankees in their late raid on this place; shot one of my men, and would have murdered him had he not been prevented by those with him. He was known to harbor spies, to steal horses, and was capable of any service or atrocity required by the enemy. His brothers and Howard were united with him in his treasonable purposes, and only differed from him in the fact of being lesser

