
IV. The following assignments of regiments are made; Eight Kansas Volunteer Infantry to the Third Brigade, First Division, Twentieth Army Corps; Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry to the First Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-first Army Corps; One hundred and Fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry to the First Brigade, Second Division, fourteenth Army Corps, and Sixty-eight Indiana Volunteer Infantry to the Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 8, 1863-4.35 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Lexington, Ky.:

General Orders, Numbers 103,* is wrong. It should read "in that part of Kentucky within the Department of the Ohio." It was not intended to include troops outside the lines of your Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, June 8, 1863.

General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I propose sending parties to destroy the Loudon and Strawberry Plains Bridges and the salt-works and trestle-work near Abingdon. The parties can start in two days, if you wish, and can probably do the work in two or three days. Please answer.

A, E, BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, June 8, 1863.

General BOYLLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Your first dispatch of to-day was the first information I have had of a rebel force having visited Nelson Furnace. You are quite right in ordering the troops as you did to-day. I have not intended by any order to take from you the right to move the troops acting as railroad guard when it becomes necessary for its protection. Can you not meet me in Frankfort the day after to-morrow?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, June 8, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Have just received a dispatch from Sturgis, transmitting cipher dispatch to him from Carter, which he could not translate. the following to him and reply, will explain itself:

Brigadier-General BURNSIDE:

Have just heard that Morgan crossed the river at Burkesville on Saturday, with from nine to thirteen regiments. Do not know the direction he took after leaving

---------------

*Of April 27. See p. 283.

---------------

