
Jamestown. He may move in the direction of Somerset, as rebel prisoners have stated such was the intention. The First Tennessee will be directed to look out for our trains. The infantry regiments left Stanford this morning, with batteries. Will it not be better to hold the whole force for a day or two before sending to Mount Vernon? If necessary, will send them to-morrow or whenever you may direct. Report says that two regiments of rebels are left at Monticello. Please answer.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, June 8.

The above is a translation of the cipher you sent me. Direct Carter, if his information about force at Monticello is correct, to cross the river immediately, with all his available force force, and attack the enemy; then fall upon the rear of Morgan by the shortest road, after ascertaining as accurately where he is. Hold the troops at Lexington, Camp Dick Robinson, and Nicholasville in readiness to move immediately, if necessary. Keep me informed promptly of everything transpiring in front. Send messengers here until 9 a. m. to-morrow, and then to Bowling Green.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

Have just telegraphed for information to Glasgow, Columbia, Lebanon, and Bowling Green. Dispatch from Judah yesterday stated that 400 rebels attacked and dispersed 70 of our men at Edmonton; probably Morgan's advance guard. Will hold troops at Russellville in readiness to move, if necessary, and give you promptly any information of importance. Have inspected along railroad to-day, and proceed to Bowling Green to-morrow.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF GENERAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., June 8, 1863.

Colonel LILLY,

Fourteenth Kentucky Cavalry, near Irvine, Ky.:

COLONEL: The withdrawal of the Ninth Army Corps renders it important that we should all be, if possible, even more vigilant than before. As soon as the enemy learns of that fact, I have no doubt he will give us trouble, and I wish you to keep your command well in hand for whatever may happen. Keep yourself well informed (and informed) of his movements in your front. You ought to be well advised at all times of the Condition of things in the vicinity of Manchester and Whitesburg.

i find that you have nearly 300 men absent (on June 1) with leave. This is a very large number. you will please grant no leaves whatever (without sending the applications through the usual channel), and will draw in every man from leave that you can.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Bowling Green, Ky., June 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General MANSON, Glasgow, Ky.:

Prepare and send out at once a cavalry force of 800 men to co-operate with party of 200 sent out this morning. Put Colonel Graham in command. Instruct him to destroy the mill. if he can do it with safety,

26 R R - VOL XXIII, PT II

