
attacking the rebel protecting force in the vicinity. Confer with me, and give written instructions, prescribing all possible precautions, particularly against operations in his rear from Sinking Creek Bend and vicinity.

Arrange the details in the most complete manner.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding U. S. Forces, Bowling Green, Ky.

MUNFORDVILLE, June 8, 1863 - 6.30 p. m.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE, Louisville:

It is reported that 250 rebels passed through Green County yesterday evening in the direction of the Cumberland River.

General Judah has heavy scouts in the direction of Edmonton and Columbia. What orders have you for troops sent to Bacon Creek and Nolin?

C. D. PENNEBAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Triune, Tenn., June 9, 1863 - 8 a. m.

Colonel C. GODDARD,

A. A. G., Department of the Cumberland, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Your communication of yesterday's date is received. In reply, I beg leave to state to the first question that, from all the information I have been able to obtain, I believe the rebels in front of us have been materially weakened by sending off parties of infantry and artillery. i do not think an advance of our troops at this time would bring on a great battle this side of the Tennessee River, and I am confided we will be compelled to high him in his entrenchments or fortifications. Our success would be doubtful.

To the second question. Considering our strength, season of the year, and extensive line of communications which must be kept open, i do not think an advance of our army at present will prevent any additional re-enforcements being sent against General Grant, as I believe the enemy could send nearly all of his forces from our front without affecting his line of defenses.

To the third question. I do not think this army should move until the fate of Vicksburg is known.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier General, Commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Murfreesborough, June 9, 1863- 1.30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Murfreesborough:

SIR: In answer to your "confidential" communication of last night, received after I had retired to rest, and inquiring my opinion on the

