
LA VERGNE, February 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD, Chief of Staff:

Early this morning about 100 of Morgan's cavalry crossed Stone's River at Goodwin's Ford, 6 miles from here; came within 4 miles of this place, and then turned to the right, down Stone's River.

Respectfully,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, February 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-first Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following information,just received from scouts:

General Forrest, with his cavalry, is at Chapel Hill. General Cheatham is encamped near Shelbyville, on the south side of Duck River. The dash made by your cavalry toward river caused a general falling back of all the rebel cavalry.

Very respectfully,

GEO. G. KNOX,

Lieutenant 1st Illinois Arty. and Chief of Scouts, 21st Army Corps.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 31. Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 3, 1863.

* * * * * *

XVI. The transportation of this army will be at once reduced to the following limits: For each regiment of infantry, 10 wagons; for each regiment of cavalry, 25 wagons; for each battery of artillery, the same number of wagons that there are guns in the battery; for each brigade headquarters, 5 wagons. Each division will be allowed an ammunition train of 25 wagons and a supply train of 40 wagons. All transportation is excess of this allowance will be immediately turned over to Lieutenant C. H. Irvin, acting assistant quartermaster, at Nashville.

It is made the duty of all inspecting officers to promptly report any regiment, brigade, or division which has transportation in excess of this allowance.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 3, 1863.

[General ROSECRANS?:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: After perils by land and by water, negroism and abolitionism, worthless quartermasters, and vexations of every kind and description, the infantry flotilla has at last sailed, about 12,000 strong, with four six-gun batteries, Generals Baird, Crook, and Gilbert commanding; the whole to rendezvous at Fort Donelson, and thence to proceed under convoy of gunboats.

