
JUNE 10, 1863.

Governor MORTON and General WILLCOX, Indianapolis, Ind.:

I have no later intelligence than is contained in dispatch in reference to the burning of Salem.

I think the enemy will try to cross the Ohio above Louisville at or near Westport. I have directed that no boats run between here and Louisville without proper guards, and have requested a disposition of the gunboats both above and below Louisville to prevent the crossing of the enemy.

The Fifteenth Indiana Battery is on a train that will arrive here in an hour or two, and will be at once forwarded to Indianapolis. Will you not have a sufficiency of infantry troops to repel any attack? If you have not, I will try and send some from here.

I have directed General Boyle to put some artillery on boats at Louisville to assist in patrolling the river. If there is anything also in which I can serve you, please telegraph me. Madison, I think, should be strengthened. How much home force have you there?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

[JUNE 10, 1863.- For Willcox to Burnside, in reference to resistance to the draft in Indiana, see Series III.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 97. Cincinnati, Ohio, June 10, 1863.

I. Paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 79, from these headquarters, directing "official communications from the District of Kentucky to be sent to Brigadier General J. T. Boyle," has reference only to those communications referring to the raising of troops in Kentucky for the defense of the State, and to those concerning the internal police, and the preservation of quiet and good order in the State, for which purpose only Kentucky constitutes a district under General Boyle.

II. All military operations, and everything relating to the troops already organized in the State, and belonging to the Twenty-third Army Corps, are, under the general commanding the department, placed under the exclusive control of Major-General Hartsuff.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., June 11, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The public interest will be greatly promoted, and the peace and quiet of the State will be secured, by adding to the Department of the Ohio, under the command of General Burnside, all that part of Kentucky lying south and west of the Tennessee which is now in General Grant's department. I most earnestly desire that this change shall be made.

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kentucky.

