
7th. The Government and the War department believe that this army ought to move upon the enemy; the army desires it, and the country is anxiously hoping for it.

8th. Our true objective point is the rebel army, whose last reserves are substantially in the field, and an effective blow will crush the shell, and soon be followed by the collars of the rebel Government.

9th. You have, in my judgment, wisely delayed a general movement hitherto, till your army could be massed and your cavalry could be mounted. Your mobile force can now be concentrated in twenty-four hours, and your cavalry, if not equal in numerical strength to that of the enemy, is greatly superior in efficiency and morale.

For these reasons I believe an immediate advance of all our available forces is advisable, and under the providence of God will be successful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, June 12, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the record of the proceedings held at Franklin, Tenn., in the cases of the two Confederate officers taken as spies at that place on the 9th instant; also the forged orders and other papers found upon their persons. I transmit also copies of the telegraphic correspondence between Colonel Baird and myself in reference to the matter.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

RECORD OF THE MILITARY COMMISSION.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Franklin, June 9, 1863.

Before a Court of Commission assembled by virtue of the following order:
HEADQUARTERS POST OF FRANKLIN,June 9 - 3 a. m.

A Course of Commission is hereby called, in pursuance of order from Major-General Rosecrans, to try Colonel Williams and Lieutenant Peter. of rebel forces, on charge of being spies, the court to sit immediately, at headquarters of the post.

Detail for Court.- Colonel Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, president; Lieutenant-Colonel Van Vleck, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry; Lieutenant-Colonel Hoblitzel, Fifth Kentucky Cavalry; Captain Crawford, Eighty-fifth Indiana Infantry, and Lieutenant Wharton, judge-advocate.

By order of J. P. Baird, colonel, commanding post.

the court and judge-advocate having been duly sworn according to military law, the prisoners were arraigned upon the following charges:

Charges and Specifications against Colonel Lawrence Auton, alias Williams, and Lieutenant Walter G. Peter, officers in rebel forces.

CHARGES.- Being spies.

Specifications.- In this, that said Colonel Lawrence Auton, alias Williams, and Lieutenant Walter G. Peter, officer in the so-called Confederate States of America, did, on the

---------------

* See pp. 397, 398.

---------------

