
reason to change my opinion. It is also the desire of the authorities of Kentucky that this change of command be made, and, considering the intimate relations in Kentucky between the civil and military authorities, it seems desirable that the whole State should be under one command.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

TRIUNE, June 13, 1863 - 1 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commander-in-Chief, Department of the Cumberland:

I have no news to communicate to-night. A few rebels showed themselves. I send a force at daylight to Stearnes' Mills. Forrest has no permanent abiding place. I will report result of expedition at an early period.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

TRIUNE, June 13, 1863 - 6.40 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland:

Generals Baird and Steedman and Colonel McCook are out in the direction of Eagleville. Have sent in some prisoners. Forrest has gone to Spring Hill. Crews it at Eagleville, with three regiments. Will probably hear of our forces attacking that point in a short time.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 14, 1863 - 10 p. m.,

(Via Cairo, Ill., June 16.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

It is of the most serious importance that General Rosecrans moves forward at once. I have abandoned Jackson and the upper line. The telegraph is down. The rebel infantry is in Jackson. My flank and rear open. He can relieve all this, and relieve General Grant by movement. I have notified him from day to day of the depletion of Bragg's army, but he does not seem to credit it.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, June 14, 1863 - 10.40 a. m.

(Received 10.45 a. m.)

Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following telegram received this morning, in answer to one from here:

BOWLING GREEN, June 13, 1863.

Brigadier General R. S. GRAGNER:

Seventy-five rebels, under Captain [T. H.] Hines, entered our State near Tompkinsville; came through Barren, between Glasgow and Barren River; passed into Warren,

