
Gap, said to be 4,000, are preparing to move; that they were about to send a train of 400 wagons into Clay County for forage. If there is any truth in this last item, we could demolish them, if it is thought advisable, and horses can be had on which to mount infantry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, February 3, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,Louisville, Ky.:

General Gillmore telegraphs that reports from Stanford say that 3,000 rebels are marching on Loudon, and encamped 29 miles from that place on the night of the 1st. Colonel [Henry B.] Carrington asks that you will send a confidential member of your staff to confer with him. Shall I send General [Henry] Van Rensselaer?

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., February 3, 1863.

General BOYLE:

Rebels entered Owingsville Sunday night [1st]; robbed all the Union stores, stole 40 or 50 horses, and took off as prisoners several Union men. Rebel force variously estimated at from 100 to 700. Large force crossed Cumberland at Waitsborough, in addition to those of Sunday.

JNO. W. FINNELL,

Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., February 3, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Van Dorn is concentrating a force at Tupelo, Pontotoc, and Okolona of mounted men, whose destination is, I think, to Bragg and Kentucky. The scouts left Pontotoc Sunday. He then had over 5,000, with Whitfield's brigade yet to join him. They all say he is going to Kentucky. I think he is going to Bragg, from the fact that corn has been collected on the Okolona and Decatur road at several points for his force, and one brigade has moved up that road. Southern papers of the 29th say that part of his force has already crossed the Tennessee; but I think not. They also speak of Morgan being out on an expedition.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 4, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Fort Heiman, as an appendage to Fort Henry, will be attached to the Department of the Cumberland.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

