
JUNE 15, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Louisa, Ky., via Cattlettsburg:

You will please at once the following dispatch, by courier, to General White:

General WHITE:

Simultaneously with your expedition, an expedition started from Mount Vernon, under command of colonel Sanders, for East Tennessee, with instructions to destroy the London Bridge, on the Tennessee Railroad, 25 miles from Knoxville.

After you have done the special work assigned you,move, if possible, down the road and join Colonel Sanders' force, who has instructions to move up, destroying the road as much as possible, burning bridges, breaking up culverts, and destroying rolling-stock. There is probably no force to prevent your accomplishing these objects. This you can learn. Use your discretion, and act with prudent boldness. Colonel Sanders has been informed of these instructions.

A. B. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

JUNE 15, 1863.

Commanding Officer. Louisa, Ky., via Catlettsburg:

The rebel force has moved off from Maysville in your direction, 200 or 300 strong. Be on the alert, and attend to them, if possible.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,June 16, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I am not aware that a great rebel force has crossed the Tennessee, but they are spreading all over the recently evacuated country, and will collect in this land of secession after a few days in a force sufficient to endanger the weakly garrisoned points in my district. A working party and guard sent south of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad yesterday to repair telegraph lines, was fired upon near Trenton by a considerable force, and the rebels were at work destroying the railroad. This morning I sent out a party to attack a camp reported to be 7 miles below Union City. colonel Henry telegraphs from Fort Heiman, Hanson's rebel force approaching 12 to 15 miles from the fort yesterday east of the Tennessee. As my present command is very small, I request that the further crossing of rebel forces might be prevented. I hold Fort Heiman, and my scouts are out this side of the Tennessee nearly to Jackson. Will endeavor to avoid any disaster, although denied assistance from Missouri and naval command at Cairo.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, June 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

I do not think any great force of rebels can have crossed the Tennessee. It is not practicable for me to occupy Fort Heiman, and I don't regard its occupation as very important. Let me know of any further developments.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

