
at Alexandria, or near, 3,000 or 4,000 strong. scouts of 200 or 300 came down to Lebanon on this side. Brought in 1 prisoner (James Faulknere, first sergeant in Dick [R. C.] Morgan's regiment), whose statement nearly conforms to the above.

R. S. GRAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GLASGOW, KY., June 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General SHACKELFORD, Russellville:

I am preparing to move forward my entire division immediately. I have Carthage, and shall occupy La Fayette, Tomkinsville, and Marrowbone. In the mean time, for a couple of days or so, will you throw forward heavy cavalry scouts, via Franklin, Ky., to watch any of Morgan's force who may attempt to advance between Scottsville and the railroad? I have two [scouts] of 250 each out, but they will have left the region I speak of unguarded to-day. I believe, as I always have, that if Morgan advances into Kentucky, he will cross the river in your front, west of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. As soon as I can get my force into position, he cannot pass me east of the road. Please advise me by telegraph to Glasgow of any movements in force your scouts may discover. I will reciprocate.

H. M. JUDAH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Beaver Creek, June 21, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

A council of all the commanding officers of this command are unanimously of opinion that the specific object contemplated is impracticable, owing to preparation of the enemy to meet it. May I operate at discretion elsewhere as may appear most profitable, or shall I proceed as originally designed? The movement thus far has been made as quickly as possible, and could not be made in any other way, it being necessary to bring subsistence for men and animals to this vicinity. The delay by sending this will not prejudice results.

Julius White,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

We respectfully concur in the statement of General White.

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Illinois.

GEORGE W. GALLUP,

Colonel Fourteenth Kentucky.

D. A. MIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-ninth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

JOHN MASON BROWN,

Major Tenth Kentucky Cavalry.

RICHARD RICE,

Major First Squadron, Ohio Cavalry.

JOHN C. PHILLIPS,

Captain Battery m, Second Illinois Artillery.

