
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

June 22, 1863 - Midnight.

Major-General GRANGER:

The general commanding directs you to move early to-morrow morning with your whole force to Salem, and send General Mitchell with his cavalry by the Eagleville road to attack Rover. He desires you to understand that this a permanent movement, and not a mere expedition.

You will break up at Triune, and remove all stores. Send your sick to Nashville. Send your convalescents and extra baggage to this place.

Report immediately on arriving on arriving at Salem, by courier, for further orders.

Acknowledge receipt of message.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, June 22, 1863 - 10.55 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Information from Judah, from Gallatin, and from Rosecrans all concur that rebels under Morgan, about 3,000 or 4,00 strong, crossed the river near Rome. They captured part of the mail guard from Gallatin to Carthage. At Dixon's Springs private mail captured; public mail escaped.

A party is reported crossing at Celina also. Judan has two scouts of 250 men each, which will receive information that is definite. Shackelford is notified, and Judah will move one of the brigades to Scottsville, the other to Tomkinsville, keeping up communication between them; he will thus be able to turn in any direction. the Eleventh Kentucky has arrived at Carthage. My principal fear is for that place. Rosecrans may send assistance. Will keep you promptly informed of movements there.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, June 22, 1863 - 4.50 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Colonel Gilbert thinks he drew pretty strong force to Brig Creek Gap from Clinton and elsewhere. A reconnaissance he sent to Cumberland Gap found it nearly deserted. Only 20 men were sent. Scarps of information and rumors all concur that the railroad has been destroyed. Everything possible is being done. Shackelford has been notified to be in constant readiness.

The following just received from Glasgow:

I have succeeded in getting off the First Brigade without waiting for Transportation. It is now taking up its line of march, and I will overtake it is this afternoon, and will communicate with you by way of Glasgow, by courier, as long as it is safe and I am within striking distance; afterward, if possible, by telegraph along the line of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. I asked below for news, and, if reply is received, will communicate. Scouting parties have not returned. Have left explicit instructions for General Hobson, and arranged for co-operation or separate action, according to circumstances.

H. M. JUDAH.

