
JUNE 223, 1863.

General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

Much obliged for your telegram. Will try to look out for Morgan. Sanders is in East Tennessee. When last heard from he was on the railroad at Lenior. I feel somewhat uneasy him. White, with another force, is probably in the neighborhood of Staunton and the Salt-Works by this time. Hope they will both come out safe. Would it not be a good time to throw some of your mounted force in the direction of Athens, and, if possible, burn the bridge at Caulhoun? But, I suppose, you have just as much as you can swing to without that.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, June 23, 1863 - 8 a. m.

General HARTSUFF:

The following was received this morning:

GALLATIN, [June] 23-4 a. m.

General JUDAH:

Have just arrived from Carthage. Information was received there tat Morgan left Rome at daylight on the 21st; passed near Middleton and Truesdale's Ferry, 2,300 to 2,500 strong. His men stated he had intended attacking Carthage on the 21st, but was ordered to East Tennessee during the night. A reliable person counted the men. Colonel Stokes does not believe that Morgan is going back, but intends crossing the river above Carthage. I do not think there is immediate at Carthage. The place is fortified, and can be held against 2,500 men with the force now there. Will be in Glasgow to-day, if not otherwise ordered.

D. W. H. DAY,

Captain, &amp;c.

HAUGH,

Major, Commanding Post.

JUNE 24, 1863 - 9.45 a. m.

J. C. VAN DUSER, Nashville:

The general commanding directs that no dispatch for the press be sent over the lines till further orders, and no military intelligence whatever sent without authority from these headquarters. Communicate this order to all your subordinates.

J. A. GARDFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,June 24, 1863 - 4 a. m.

Brigadier-General HAZEN,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

SIR: In obedience to orders received from corps headquarters, you will march with your whole command and baggage in the direction of Bradyville, at 7 a. m. this (Wednesday) morning. Division headquarters will be at Donald's Church for the night.

By order of Major General Palmer:

J. R. MUHLEMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

