HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 24, 1863 - 11.50 p. m.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Twenty-first Army Corps:

GENERAL: General McCook has driven the enemy three-quarters of a mile beyond Liberty Gap, and has taken 10 prisoners. General Thomas has reached, with his advance division, the road which leads up Garrison's Fork to Fairfield. The enemy has been driven steadily on both lines, but has resisted stoutly. We hope to discover his force and intentions early to-morrow, when shall be able to determine whether to advance upon Manchester directly or by way of Fairfield, in which case your command will be drawn this way, or to move around by "the Barrens" upon your line of advance. The general commanding directs you to proceed, as ordered, to Lumley's Stand, where we hopes to communicate with you. A company of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry will bear this dispatch to you, and will establish a line of couriers directly from department headquarters to Bradyville. Establish a line from your own headquarters to that place. The line from Murfreesborough to Readyville will be withdrawn. We are awaiting dispatches from you. Give your opinion fully in regard to the strength and intentions of the enemy, and keep us frequently and fully advised of all his movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 24, 1863 - 7.35 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK, Near Liberty Gap:

Your dispatch of 5.15 p. m. is just received. The general commanding directs you to look carefully to your right flank, and keep him fully advised of your progress and the developments of the enemy. Send any information you may be able to obtain of the command to which your forces in front belong. General Thomas has met no opposition on the route. Open communication with General Brannan, and report what you can learn of his progress. You will receive further instructions as soon as we learn the results of your operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 24, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches are received. The general commanding does not intend to drive the enemy beyond Liberty Gap, unless it appears that is not in great force in your [front]. What is your opinion of his force, and the feasibility of fighting him successfully? In that belief General Brannan has ordered to join General Thomas in the morning, but he will not be out of your reach till the intentions

