
I send General Morgan with 1,000 cavalry and section of artillery to co-operate with you. I would send him to Charlotte, but am afraid the Harpeth cannot be crossed.

I cannot find Colonel Cook nor the other officers to arrest them.

Please advise me as often as possible of your movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, February 4, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

I have just returned from Louisville, looking after embarkation of Granger's command. Water transportation exhausted, only enough being obtainable for the infantry. Barges not to be had, and arrangements have been made for taking cavalry, and the mules and horses, by rail, at the rate of 500 a day. This is the best that can be done. The Tenth Ohio Cavalry will not get horses before the 20th, and the Second not much sooner. They will both be sent you as soon as ready for the field. If you can dispense with the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry for a while, I wish you to do so, as the cavalry force in Kentucky has been reduced to a minimum. It returns about 220 men for duty.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, February 4, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Scouts in from Okolona; arrived to-night; left Monday. Van Dorn was there then, with his force, at that place, Cotton Ridge, and Pontotoc. None of his forces have yet gone to the Tennessee. My cavalry have just come over; were sent to cut the roads leading from Okolona to Tuscumbia and Decatur. Came back by way of Bay Springs. No force had passed up toward Tennessee, but forage was being collected on Bolivar road, which we destroyed. When they move, I will endeavor to strike them. Roads bad. Stream very high.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., February 5, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

Two thousand four hundred and eighty-three Burnside carbines were shipped, February 3, from New York, by quick passenger train, for you, at Louisville. Lieutenant [Jacob H.] Smyser, the ordnance officer there, will hold them, subject to your order. There are the best cavalry arms we now have on hand. Colt's revolving carbines can only be manufactured at the rate of three hundred per month, and it would take a year to prepare machinery to manufacture them more rapidly. Every arm of that description, at present procurable, has already been forwarded to you. A further supply of the most efficient breech-loading carbines can be sent to you if required.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

