
of the enemy can be developed. Read the inclosed dispatch to General Granger, and forward it to him; he will protect your right flank. Learn all you can of the enemy's intentions, and report early.

The general commanding suggest that you throw forward at daylight a strong line of skirmishers, reaching out to the right and left widely, and drive in his pickets, advancing far enough to ascertain his strength, but not to bring on a general engagement. It is exceedingly important to ascertain at the earliest moment the strength and purpose of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 24, 1863 - 11.45 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 7.30 p. m. of this date is received. The general commanding directs you to observe toward Liberty Gap, and hold yourself in readiness to repel any attempt of the enemy on your right in case you should be attacked. The temporary garrison at Murfreesborough can support you. Keep us frequently and fully informed of the situation of your locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARDFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 24, 1863.

[Major-General SHERIDAN:]

GENERAL: From dispatches from General Rosecrans, I infer that he will, if the enemy be in force in our front, turn their right. I know it is not his intention for us to go through Liberty Gap, which, by the way, is a very strong place. Johnson has been ordered this morning to extend his skirmishers right and left, well out, and to gain all information possible. If the enemy be in our front, there is a possibility that he may concentrate on us. The following dispositions are made on your right:

Granger is to watch the Shelbyville pike, posted at or near Christiana, with Mitchell's division of cavalry at Middleton, and can be supported by Van Cleve's division and force at Murfreesborough, and is ordered to observe toward Liberty Gap. Keep a good lookout on the right. If you need some cavalry, I will send part of Colonel Jones' command to you. Brannan is ordered to join General Thomas, so Garfield writes me. Come up. Davis is here. We will have news from Johnson's advance in a little while.

respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.

[P. S.]- A note from Johnson, just received, states that the rebels were engaged in obstructing the road in front of us. They hold a little gorge in front, but Johnson will drive them in a few moments. His loss is 90 killed and wounded. Liddell's entire brigade held the gap.

