HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 25, 1863-12.30 (Received 2.40 p. m.)

General GARFIELD:

The following information has just been received from a Mr. Fields, a citizen living in Liberty Gap:

Until the last ten days a regiment of cavalry (Third Alabama) have been doing all the picket duty in this front. Since, the Fifth and Fifteenth Arkansas have been here. Said they received re-enforcements last night; supposed they were from Hoover's Gap. Rebel picket line extends along ridges from this to Hoover's Gap. Says they have a long line of works in rear of the picket line.

The re-enforcements that came up last night were the remainder of Liddell's brigade. We captured 6 prisoners last night, and they said the rebels had a picnic and frolic at Bellbuckle yesterday; they were taken from their frolic and sent to the front. I sent some cavalry to the right of the line, as ordered, and when news comes I will forward it. I understand my instructions perfectly, and they shall be carried out. My train will leave here at 3 p. m., provided no orders to the contrary come. I have taken out two days' rations.

Respectfully,

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Millersburg, June 25, [1863]-1 p. m.

[General SHERIDAN:]

GENERAL: General McCook directs that your order your cavalry to patrol or advance on any roads or paths that may be in your front, with view to getting information and keeping the enemy in ignorance of our position and movements. It is particularly necessary to know what the enemy are doing, if possible. We have orders "to keep a threatening front." Orders as to moving will be sent to you in due time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,June 25, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that General Johnson says that he is seriously engaged, the enemy trying to drive him. I have no doubt but that he can hold his position; but get one of your brigades ready to move up to take a position just this side of the gap. Colonel Fisher will post it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. McCLURG,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP IN FIELD, June 25, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: In obedience to your order, I moved out with all my available force (about 60 men), and patrolled the Fosterville road to the hill,

