
seeing no trace of an enemy. Citizens and negroes say they withdrew their pickets last night, and are now a short distance beyond the hill. Not deeming it prudent to go on to the hill, both on account of fewness of numbers and difficulty of the ground, I moved to the right along the base of mountain to railroad, thence to Christiana.

Respectfully,

F. A. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 25, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK, Millersburg, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 7.15, received at 8.15 p. m., and to say that he hopes soon to hear the result of the attempt of the enemy to feel your front, to enable him to give definite instructions for to-morrow. He desires also to know how your train is getting along; if a good place has been found to locate it, and if it is in the charge of a competent officer. He says that he hopes that the demonstration will result in convincing the enemy that the main attack will be made by your force. Please give your opinion as to this. He asks, also, what about cutting those trees?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, June 25, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Cypress:

Dispatch from General McCook, dated 10.40 a. m., states that Johnson's division is beyond Liberty Gap. The enemy seems to have fallen back, and there is but a small force not in his front.

Brannan is on the way to you. Two of his brigades had passed Millersburg at the date of General McCook's dispatch. The general commanding is anxious to hear the result of Reynolds' investigation in your front.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Hoover's Gap, June 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

General Reynolds is in position at the gap, within a quarter of a mile of the crossing of the-. The enemy appear to be in considerable force on the road from Beech Grove to Fairfield. It is through to be [B. R.] Johnson's brigade. Cheatham's and Chamber's [Cleburne's?] divisions are said to be at Fairfield. Rousseau is close behind.

