
Hold your division in readiness to march at a moment's notice, either to join your corps, now en route to Manchester, or to support General Granger, as the case may require. Establish a courier office at the court-house at Murfreesborough, and send all dispatches for headquarters there, to be forwarded. Make frequent reports of any intelligence you may obtain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Big Spring Branch, Tenn., June 25, 1863-12.40 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

You have done a fine thing in East Tennessee.* I send the following dispatch, just received:

NASHVILLE.

Colonel TRUESDALL, Chief of Army Police:

I have information from a scout sent out by General Thomas two mouths since that on the 13th instant there were 4,000 rebel troops at Knoxville, under Buckner; 2,000 at Loudon, under a colonel, the place fortified; 3,000 at Kingston, mostly Pegram's forces just arrived from Monticello, Kingston being strongly fortified. Siege guns, forces just arrived from Monticello, Kingston being strongly fortified. Siegeguns, four in number, removed from Cumberland Gap to Kingston, and 1,500 troops in Greenville. Trains taking large quantities of ammunition to Chattanooga from Knoxville. They expect to fight at Tullahoma. Provisions scarce.

H. W. FYFFEE.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, June 25, 1863.

General CARTER, Somerset, Ky.:

I congratulate you, together with Colonel Sanders, upon the success of his expedition into East Tennessee. Please send me the names and numbers of the regiments comprising the force engaged in the expedition.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LYTLE'S HOUSE,

Christiana, Tenn., June 25-9 p. m.

(Received department headquarters, June 26-1 p. m.)

Statement of John Dozier, a citizen living 1 mile north of Guy's Gap:

Eighth Confederate Cavalry left for Chapel Hill Tuesday morning; probably [J. H.] Wiggin's battery also three; or four pieces of artillery at Guy's Gap day before yesterday (three opened upon Colonel Patrick this evening); three or four regiments of infantry at Guy's Gap; Stewart's brigade of infantry at Webb's house (called also Huston's Spring), 7 miles north of Shelbyville; Eighth Texas left this morning for Manchester, to the right of little place called Liberty. Wharton's headquarters on Tuesday were at Frazier's house.

Crews' command at Middleton yesterday. The enemy lost at least 10 killed and 20 wounded yesterday, at Middleton. They lost many

---------------

*Reference is to Sanders' report, June 23, of raid in East Tennessee, telegraphed by Burnside to Rosecrans June 24. See Part I, p. 384.

---------------

