
CLARKSVILLE, February 5, 1863.

General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Following is just received from Donelson:

DONELSON, [February] 4, [1863.]

Colonel BRUCE:

Your messengers of yesterday, and also the one by Mrs. Sherdin of to-day, are all here. The First were delayed yesterday by the enemy, who, about 2 p. m., attacked this post with eight guns and a force, fully 4,000 men, under Wheeler, Wharton, Forrest, and Woodward. In the battle they charged and charged again under continuous fire of shot and shell, and were finally driven back after many repulses. They sent in at the beginning of the fight and at the end of the battle, and offered to spare us if we would surrender, and with a threat that if we refused we must take the consequences, to which we replied that we would take the consequences. We killed more than 100 of the enemy, and have some 100 prisoners here; with the gunboats and the forces from Colonel Lowe, we got about 200 of them. Our loss is 12 killed and about 30 wounded. Among the killed we mourn Captain [Philo E.] Reed, (Company A); Lieutenant [Harmon D.] Bissell, quartermaster; Sergeant Campbell-all promising officers. Neither the dead or the enemy are all yet in. Colonel Lowe has just come over, and the enemy are being pursued. We had not more than 800 men, and our artillery ammunition giving out, left us nothing but the infantry, with their rifles and bayonets. Gunboats and a large force of infantry from below are here.

A. C. HARDING,

Colonel, Commanding.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 5, 1863.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Clarksville:

The general commanding sends his thanks for Colonel Harding's dispatch, and asks if you cannot cross the river and pitch into the retreating rebels with all your force, leaving only your camp guard.

G. P. THRUSTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 5, 1863.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Clarksville:

Dispatch from Donelson says rebels retreating toward Charlotte. Granger's fleet was at Donelson last night. Have telegraphed to have him land a force at Palmyra and intercept retreat. The rebels are out of ammunition and rations and in full retreat.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 5, 1863.

Colonel W. W. LOWE, Fort Donelson:

If rebels are retreating toward Charlotte, a force might be landed from fleet at Palmyra and cut them off completely. General Davis is near Franklin with large infantry force and two brigades of cavalry. He has been advised to look out for them.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

