HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Christiana, Tenn., June 26, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I learn from two women who left Shelbyville this morning that Bragg was there this morning. They also report that many of the troops had left that point, but did not seem to know their destination, but heard the rebels say that they had gone to Vicksburg and East Tennessee, and that the Yankees were smashing things near Knoxville.

I visited Liberty Gap this afternoon, with McCook, to ascertain, if possible, what force was there. From all I could learn, there were not to exceed four or five regiments and one battery of artillery. Jeff. Davis' troops were in front, and such was his opinion [sic.] We are watching the Middleton, Shelbyville, and Millersburg roads. One regiment of Texas cavalry made a demonstration on the Shelbyville road to-day, but suddenly fell back to Guy's Gap. It is the impression of the people here, and from all we can learn, that the enemy are withdrawing from Guy's and Liberty Gaps in the direction of Shelbyville or elsewhere. The whole country here is a perfect quagmire, rendering it almost impossible to maneuver either man or beast, except upon the pike. I will push out the cavalry as soon as possible and keep you advised. We are keeping a portion of the cavalry midway between this and Murfreesborough, watching the movements of Forrest, whose whereabouts I am unable to ascertain. He will yet turn up at some unexpected place. Why don't you let me know where you are and how you are getting along?

Respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

[P. S.]-General Stanley desires to say that the cavalry is doing as well as could be expected, and that he has nothing to add to the above.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863-11.30 p. m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Shelbyville Pike:

The general desires you to keep him fully posted of all that occurs. The rebels left Fairfield two hours ago; reported retreating on Tullahoma.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,

Millersburg, June 26, 1863-3.30 a. m. (Received 4.45 a. m.)

General [GARFIELD]:

Your dispatch of this a. m. (1.15) is received. Your instructions will be carefully carried out. As soon as the road is cleared of Sheridan's

