HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Millersburg, June 26, 1863-4.30 a. m.

Brigadier General JEFFERSON C. DAVIS:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you carry out the spirit of the inclosed instructions from the general commanding the department.

In making your advance this morning, the general does not wish you to advance your troops on to the open ground. If you find the enemy is any considerable distance in your front, don't move too far forward or advance on open ground to meet them; only make the demonstration required by the instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, Big Spring Branch, June 26-1.15 a. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

Your dispatch of 9.45 p. m. of June 25 is just received. It confirms the opinion of the general commanding that the enemy expects you to advance toward Shelbyville. Encourage this belief by a sharp attack in the morning, but make no decided advance. Make such dispositions as if for a careful and powerful advance, and in the mean time bring a division quietly away, and as soon as possible get your whole force across the Manchester pike, and follow in the rear of General Thomas. It is hoped that the head of your column may reach Beech Grove to-night. Department headquarters will be there after 2 p. m. Make sufficient detail to bring your trains through speedily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GRAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Leave a brigade to observe the gap.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Millersburg, June 26, 1863-5.15 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCOOK directs that you prepare to move with your command immediately in rear of your baggage train over to the Manchester pike. You will [move] without further notice as soon as the train will allow. The general wishes Colonel Jones to keep his cavalry picketing and patrolling your front, and not to withdraw with your troops. He wishes to see Colonel Jones at once. Please notify him of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

