HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863-4.10 p. m.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to hold Dismal Hollow to-night, and throw sufficient force will forward up the hollow, to observe and protect our column and trains from attack from that quarter. Push General McCook's train forward as fast as possible. Move forward your command to this place at daylight to-morrow morning.

Forward this to General McCook, after reading it. Report anything of importance.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863-Midnight.

Major General D. S. STANLEY, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to feel the enemy in your front early to-morrow morning. General Granger's command will not advance farther than Guy's Gap. If it should appear that the enemy has fallen back beyond Duck River, General Stanley may advance to Shelbyville, if he deems it advisable. General Stanley will immediately send his baggage to the Manchester pike, and follow with his command as soon as the demonstration ordered above is made. He will leave one brigade of cavalry with General Granger; all the remainder must be brought to the front.

The above order to feel the enemy at Guy's Gap will not be carried out if there are reasons why Generals Stanley and Granger regard the expedition as fruitless or too hazardous; in that case, General Stanley will come forward at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GRAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Granger.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding thinks it important to mask our rear intentions by threatening Fairfield. He thinks it would be well for you to push the enemy back toward or into the town to-night. There is danger that he will discover our design, and, starting early, will gain time on us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The general commanding desires you to put a brigade on picket out on the Green Hill beyond the garrison.

30 R R-VOL XXVIII, PT II

