
move from Fairfield upon Manchester by the shortest route. If possible, your corps must be across the river Manchester to-morrow night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Commanding Second Division:

Order your regimental trains forward at once on the Manchester pike, sending with them one brigade to guard your own and other trains on the road. Move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning with the balance of your division on the Fairfield road, in support of Generals Rousseau and Brannan, taking your ammunition and headquarters trains with you.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Beech Grove, June 26, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding First Division:

Order your regimental trains to move forward at once on the Manchester pike. Send one regiment to guard them. General Negley will send one brigade in addition to your regiment. You will move froward at daylight to-morrow with yours and General Brannan's division on Fairfield, taking with you your ammunition and headquarters trains. If the enemy does not oppose you to Fairfield, you will then move direct from Fairfield to Manchester, reaching the latter place, if possible, to-morrow night. General Negley will move in support of you with two brigade of his division.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 26, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

The following has just been received from Louisville:

LOUISVILLE, June 26, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

J. T. Bramletter telegraphs from Columbia that Morgan's whole force is at Burkesville, but on the opposite side of the river. Grigsby's regiment is certainly there. Twenty of them were in Burkesville yesterday. Pegram's men are dismounted. The river is fordable. Branmlette regards this perfectly reliable, having obtained his information from a gentleman who was at Burkesville yesterday and saw the rebels there. Number of the enemy not ascertained.

Very respectfully,

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

