
LA VERGNE, February 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel G. GODDARD,

Chief of Staff:

The cavalry sent out this morning report that the force that crossed Stone's River on the 3rd recrossed, as I supposed, on the same day. Moved yesterday toward Lebanon. They numbered 300. Only 110 crossed the river. There is a small squad who nightly come on to the road to Nashville and before day scatter across Stone's River. I will endeavor to overhaul them.

Respectfully,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

LA VERGNE, February 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Chief of Staff:

The force referred to by Captain Thompson, of the courier line, must have been the one mentioned in my former dispatch, which crossed the river at Goodwin's Ford early on the morning of the 3rd, came within 4 miles of this place, turned to the right, down the river, and recrossed at the mouth of Hurricane Creek. The cavalry from this place scoured that region yesterday, and only confirmed what I heard before and communicated to the commanding general. Yesterday evening I sent a citizen across Stone's River to report accurately as to the rumored force there, and he has not returned. This morning three companies of cavalry have gone in that direction, and I will report promptly the result of their reconnaissance. A company of cavalry has also gone with the workmen to repair the line, and discover, if possible, the perpetrators.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. CROXTON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Murfreesborough, February 5, 1863-7.50 p. m.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,Chairman U. S. Senate Committee on Military Affairs,

Washington, D. C.:

Permit me to suggest two measures of vast importance to our future success. The law should provide for the summary hearing and punishment of officers by brigade or division commanders, in a manner similar to that of enlisted men by regimental field officers, for all minor offenses, such as neglect of duty, waste of public property, neglecting the subsistence or clothing of the soldiers under their command, by fines or extra duty. The other is that this Congress should pass a law resuming its control over the militia. We may not be able to do this necessary thing in the next. We must do all we can to economize our troops, and prepare for emergencies.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

