
Bend, and Morgan is said to be this side Selma, with 2,000 or 3,000 men. I find plenty of corn and use it.

I will occupy the bluffs until morning and learn what I can, and return to forks of roads near Ray's Cross-Roads by noon to-morrow, where I will have feed; thence to camp, if not otherwise ordered.

The river is 5 feet past fording.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. HARDIN,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion Ninth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 27, 1863-10.15 a. m.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

Reynolds will be in Manchester before noon. McCook is up here. Department headquarters move on toward Manchester at once. The enemy appears to be retreating. The general commanding directs you to leave a brigade behind, if necessary, to bring up your train, while you push forward to Manchester, and effect the crossing of the river. All goes well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 27, 1863-10 p. m.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN:

General Thomas' corps is here, and one division of General McCook's. Up to this time everything has worked admirably; our intentions are no longer unknown to the enemy; he is gathering his forces for a full retreat on Tullahoma. If the army were here, it could be there before him. The success of our whole movement depends upon throwing our forces upon that place at the earliest possible moment.

The general commanding directs you to lighten up your trains, if necessary; throw out everything but rations, forage, and ammunition. He hopes nothing will prevent you from reaching here to-morrow. A serious mistake has been made by all our commands in bringing too much baggage. We hope to hear from you to-night, and know of your progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, Tenn., June 27, 1863.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you send Sheridan forward (probably one brigade will be enough), to go to Fairfield, and the other tow in reserve. As soon as your troops have got their rations, start your other two divisions direct. Start your trains, and let your other two divisions follow when the road is cleared. Your train may have to

