
halt in Matt's Hollow until Thomas' train passes. You had better send forward an officer to report to you, and so prevent fatiguing your men. Inclosed is a copy of dispatch from General Thomas.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 27, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to send one brigade of Sheridan's division, by way of Fairfield, to follow in the rear of General Thomas' column, now en route from Fairfield to Manchester. Push the other brigade of his division directly forward to Manchester from this place. They should reach Manchester to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Beech Grove, June 27, 1863-1 p. m.

Major-General McCOOK:

The general commanding finds the Manchester pike so full of trains that he thinks General Sheridan's division can reach Manchester sooner by way of Fairfield. He therefore modifies the order of 12.30 p. m., and directs that Sheridan's division go by way of Fairfield and Manchester. Send one brigade forward to hold Fairfield till the other two brigades have passed; then direct it to bring up the rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Garrison's Fork, June 27, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: The general commanding has just sent information that the Manchester pike is so full of trains that he thinks your division can reach Manchester sooner by way of Fairfield. The verbal orders to you are, therefore, modified, and General McCook directs that you go to Manchester, with your whole division, by way of Fairfield. Send one brigade forward to hold Fairfield till the other two brigades have passed; then direct it to bring up the rear. Your train will follow on the Manchester road, in advance of the baggage, in the morning. The general directs that you move your division as far toward Manchester this afternoon as practicable. Corps headquarters will be at this place to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The general expects you to keep us advised of your progress.

---------------

*See Thomas to Rosecrans, June 26, 8.45 p. m., p. 467.

---------------

