
ness to follow General Brannan. General Brannan has been ordered to march via Pan Handle Creek road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fairfield, June 27, 1863-11.45 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

GENERAL: The head of the collum is at Fairfield. Skirmishers thrown out beyond the town. The enemy (four brigades) passed through the town this morning. The enemy, we think, went toward Tullahoma, though whether by Wartrace is very uncertain. The weight of evidence is that they tool the Wartrace road, and it is said the wagon train took that road. Reports are contradictory as to the road taken by the enemy, evidently with a view of deception. An intelligent negro tells us that trains of cars left Wartrace this morning, carrying artillery. He also assures us that the four brigades we pursued took the Wartrace road, in order to guard wagon trains from that point to Tullahoma. He says that the train consisted of 400 or 500 wagons. This statement is vouched for by several. He says there are no troops at Wartrace. He thinks the cars took off from Wartrace to Tullahoma this morning twenty-five or thirty pieces. I send this negro to you. I can learn nothing further than the above.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,June 27, 1863-12.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The following dispatch sent to General Reynolds:

JUNE 27-12.15 p. m.

The general commanding directs you to send Colonel Wilder forward to break the railroad in rear of Tullahoma and destroy the enemy's trains. Start him on the work as soon as you deem it prudent. Tell him to strike quick and heavy blows. A copy of the order has been sent to General Thomas.

Very respectfully,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 27, 1863. (Received June 28-5.40 a. m.)

Brigadier General J. B. TURCHIN,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding has just arrived at this place. General Reynolds' division is here. Come forward with your command at once, and rapidly. Send this dispatch back to General Crittenden, and request him to report his progress immediately. It is hoped that he will arrive here this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

