
move through here into Kentucky. They threaten to invade the State. Rebel citizens, as well as Union men, are concealing their property. A raid anticipated.

JAMES T. BRAMLETTE.

Respectfully,

A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, June 27, 1863-11 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The late rains have so swollen Barren River as to make it impassable by troops, and couriers have to swim it. Judah was cut from supplies, and started from Scottsville yesterday p. m. to Tompkinsville. Hobson's brigade moves to Paces; keeps open communications with, and furnishes supplies for, Judah. Hobson now occupies Tompkinsville with 200 cavalry. He had information that the rebels are leaving the reverse, and fears they may be joining Pegram to attack Carter, and make their way into the State that way. I think myself that the Cumberland may be rising so as to make him fearful at present. The higher he comes up the river, the better we can meet him. Judah's position will be an excellent one when Shackelford arrives at Glasgow. I have ordered him there temporarily, with all his disposable force, now at Russelville, after leaving necessary guards, &amp;c.

GEO L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CAMP NELSON, June 27, 1863.

Colonel DRAKE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Telegram of General Hartsuff received. There must be some misapprehension as to the intention of the enemy to attack Carter. I cannot think he would cross at Burkesville and march against him with his flank and rear exposed to Judah. If he should, however, Carter should take up a position behind Fishing Creek, and every available force ought to be sent him, while the troops at Jamestown, increased as I have ordered, to the First Kentucky Cavalry, should fall back slowly toward Carter. Meantime Judah could harass his rear, &c. If Columbia [be threatened], and we can learn in time to concentrate there, we could I think, have considerably the advantage in position, besides forcing him to march by one road alone, or urn the risk, if he attempted to approach by two roads, of being attacked in detail by superior numbers. If we cannot learn in time, and he marches directly on Columbia, I know of nothing else than to let him go, and so harass his communications as to force him to return. With our forces at Columbia, my supplies at Stanford would be as well covered as they are now, but I do not know how it would be for those of Judah.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 28, 1863-3.30 p. m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of 8 p. m. last evening, per Lieutenant [R. C.] Couch, was received this a. m. I congratulate you on the result. Draw to Man-

