
chester one brigade from Nashville. Order all of Ward's up, except one regiment from La Vergne, covering your right flank. Let Stanley come in as ordered, if you know of the rebel cavalry nothing that seems threatening very considerable. All that can be spare of the cavalry force with you should come this way. If, one the contrary, the cavalry force of the left wing seems to offer a sufficient object, tell General Stanley to take all the cavalry force, and start them up. It is desirable to know whether the rebel cavalry force, and start them up. It is desirable to know whether the rebel cavalry adhere to the Columbia line of fall back within the infantry. Be careful to keep me fully advised of their movements. Collect all the information you can, and keep me fully advised. Colonel Innes has been ordered to repair the railroad. Keep an eye to him, and see that he is protected. A telegraph line also has been ordered to Shelbyville. Keep an eye to that. Strengthen your position by intrenching, if you think it necessary.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-ce-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 28, 1863-10.45 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he thinks it best for the trains of General Rousseau and General Reynolds to take the route, in returning to Murfreesborough, over which the troops of General Crittenden's corps marched out, or else by what it called the Woodbury road, via Pocahontas. The officer in command must have careful instructions to guard against a possible attack from Breckinridge's cavalry regiment. The trains cannot well return by the main road, as they would meet General Van Cleve's trains coming out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBLERLAND,Manchester, June 28, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to send two divisions of your command forward toward Tullahoma this afternoon, with three days' rations in haversacks. Take no train, except ambulances and ammunition wagons and necessary headquarters wagons. Throw the leading division forward to some defensible position, 5 or 6 miles out, and send strong scouting parties forward, and to the right and left. If you find it possible, harass their train en route from Shelbyville, and cut the railroad. Inclosed please find a copy of letter from Colonel Ducat, in reference to the country in that direction.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

