HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 28, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that your order the officer in command of the battalion of cavalry ordered to report to you to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Ducat, at these headquarters. Colonel Ducat will take the battalion out the Lynchburg road, and come into the main Tullahoma road, by which you are to march, and return this way until he meets your column.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Numbers 46. Manchester, Tenn., June 28, 1863.

I. The Second Brigade will furnish tow battalions of cavalry for picket duty on General Brannan's front. One battalion will go out the Lynchburg road to Crumpoton's Creek. The officer in command will call at department headquarters for a guide. When he reached the point indicated, he will go in person across to the main Tullahoma road, report to General Brannan what dispositions he has made, and receive orders from him. The other battalion will gout the main Tullahoma road and report to General Brannan, for picket on his left. Instruct this officer to push his pickets well to the front. The battalions will move as soon as possible.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Turchin:

WM. B. CURTIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, Tenn., June 28, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The general commanding has noticed with great regret the criminal neglect to obey department orders in reference to the reduction of baggage. If this army fails in the great object of the present movement, it will be mainly due to the fact that our wagons have been loaded down with unauthorized baggage. Officers and soldiers who are ready to die in the field do not hesitate to disgrace themselves and imperil the army by luxuries unworthy of a soldier. Second. The general commanding directs that all baggage trains be reduced to the minimum. To effect this, all tents, except shelter tents and one wall tent to each regiment, will be dispensed with. The ammunition now carried in the company wagons will be turned over to the division ordnance officers, who will be furnished with a sufficient number of additional wagons to transport it. This will enable the transportation of each regiment to be reduced to 7 wagons, which reduction will be at once made. All wagons in excess of this allowance will be turned over to the division quartermaster, who will, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of each corps, organize them into a supply train for the division. Surplus baggage will be sent to Murfreesborough by the returning trains for storage.

