
The wagons will carry five days' rations of short forage, one tent to a regiment, and medical supplies. All commissioned officers will hereafter carry one ration on their person. Third. All knapsacks will be sent to the rear, and nothing will be carried by the men except shelter tents, blankets, 1 shirt, 1 pair of socks, and 1 pair of drawers. Fourth. Corps and division commanders will be held responsible for the throwing out of every unauthorized article of baggage. Any quartermaster whose train shall be found carrying chairs and such other needless weight, usually the fruit of thieving, will at once be arrested, and the officer claiming it be severely punished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copies to Generals McCook and Crittenden.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Manchester, June 28, 1863.

Division commanders are directed to have three days' rations issued to their respective commands, commencing from to-morrow morning; the rations to be carried in haversacks-to include the 29th and 30th days of June, and 1st day of July, and to hold their commands in readiness to march at moment's notice.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 29, 1863-12.30 a. m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER:

We are very anxious to hear from you. Have your supplies come up? The telegraph line is repaired as far as Christiana, and is rapidly being constructed toward Shelbyville. Innes and Anderson have been ordered to put the railroad in repair. The general commanding thinks you had better order Morgan up from Nashville to join you. Can you hold Wartrace? And will it be safe to send wagon trains through there to Murfreesborough? Report the situation fully by return messenger. It is doubtful whether Bragg will make a stand at Tullahoma or fall back on Chattanooga. What do you think?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Near Christiana, June 29, 1863-1.45 a. m.

(Received 9.25 p. m.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, in the Field:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, dated June 28, 3.30 p. m., has just been received. Baird's division takes position to-night at Shelbyville. The troops at La Vergne, save one regiment and one brigade from Nashville, have been ordered to Murfreesborough. As soon as they arrive

