
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 12. Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 5, 1863.

The following extract from General Orders, Numbers 151, War Department, October 4, 1862, is published for the information of this army:

II. If any officer shall hereafter, without proper authority, permit the publication of any official letter or report, or allow any copy of such document to pass into the hands of persons not authorized to receive it, his name will be submitted to the President for dismissal. This rule applies to all official letters and reports written by an officer himself.

The general commanding has been surprised to observe the frequent violation of this order by officers of this army, and regrets that they should allow any desire thus to ventilate their achievements to lead them to commit so serious a breach of military propriety. He feels that his duty requires him to comply with the terms of the order quoted, and report the names of officers so offending to the President for dismissal.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD OFFICERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 33. Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 5, 1863.

* * * * * *

XVII. The general commanding feels great pleasure in announcing as first of his company upon the Roll of Honor of this army, Sergt. Thomas Branch, Company 1, Tenth Michigan Volunteers. In command of a squad of 25 men, Sergeant Branch, on the 25th of January, hearing the firing of the rebel guerrillas on the construction train on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, disposed his men in an admirable manner, moved them at double-quick to the front of attack, and charged upon a force more than double his own numbers, and supported by still larger reserves, put them to flight at the point of the bayonet, and then recovered and brought back with him the engine and cars, which had been thrown from the track and set on fire. It is such conduct as this that makes men soldiers, and that the general commanding is proud to honor.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 5, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding District of Central Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt at these headquarters of a letter of Colonel S. A. Gilbert, commanding at Frankfort, dated February 1, and forwarded by you on the 3rd instant, in relation to the presence of bodies of rebels in certain southeastern counties of Kentucky, and reporting an expected foraging expedition of the enemy into Clay County. I am instructed to say that if the information contained in the letter of Colonel Gilbert shall appear to your satisfaction to be reliable, a force should be at once organized and sent down to clear out the enemy from that part of the State.

