
Bobo's Cross-Roads. None of Negley's baggage has arrived. Some of Reynolds' with his artillery. They may be regarded almost as outpost, prepared to fall back should they be attacked by a heavy force of the enemy. Crumpton's Creek is still fordable, but should it continue rising to-morrow it will be impassable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 29, 1863-10.40 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs you to advance now your force out toward Tullahoma, so as to command the Hillsborough and Lynchburg road, and also the road from Pelham to Tullahoma. This can be done by occupying Bobo's Cross-Roads. General Sheridan moves out on the Manchester and Lynchburg road, and will fall in on Brannan's right. They will communicate with each other. Find out by careful reconnaissance what the intentions of the enemy are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

JUNE 29, 1863-9.25 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Information of Mr. Eddy, [who] left Tullahoma on Tuesday: Brigadier General Lucius [E.] Polk in command. Saturday and Sunday nights the rebels were running trains on the railroad; in what direction did not know. Fortifications around Tullahoma very extensive. Saw only one work in which there were heavy guns; rifle-pits this side. On Saturday either loading or unloading bacon; suppose they were unloading it. Cheatham's division came in from Shelbyville on Sunday; was so informed by a gentleman who left there yesterday.

General Bragg expected on Saturday. It has been the impression that Bragg would fight at Tullahoma. Rebel Army of the Tennessee is supposed to be from 35,000 to 50,000. Some reported as high as 55,000; generally supposed to be 50,000. Some time ago he had heard that the rebels had sent 15,000 men to Vicksburg. All of Breckinridge's forces, except [J. C.] Brown's brigade, had gone there. Brown's brigade was ordered to Knoxville, but stopped at Loudoun. It was reported that this force was coming back from Vicksburg, but this is not so. Forti side. There is no running stream [after] leaving Crumpton's Creek until arriving at Tullahoma. Spring Creek is about 3 miles from here, on the Tullahoma road, where there is plenty of water for 20,000 men. There is no water of any consequence on the main Tullahoma road. The Bobo Cross-Roads are about 1 3\4 miles from my present position. No running water between this point and Tullahoma, by the way of Bobo's Cross-Roads.

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

