HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crossing Crumpton's Creek, June 29, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY, Commanding Second Division:

The general commanding directs that you keep your ammunition and baggage trains in readiness to recross Crumpton's Creek should the enemy attack our lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYTN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 29, 1863-8 a. m. (Received 9 a. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Talbot, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois, is just in from Colonel Wilder's command. He left the rear of Wilder's column yesterday about 4 p. m. Wilder, after leaving Hillsborough, learned that Elk river was not fordable near the mouth of Bradley's Fork, and has to make for Pelham, where he crossed on brigade. Found the river at Pelham nearly swimming around the bridge. Head of Wilder's column was about 8 miles from railroad at 4 p. m. yesterday. Colonel Monroe was detached near Hillsborough to go to Decherd, by way of Allisona, but encountered brigade of infantry, with some cavalry and artillery, moving toward Chattanooga. Monroe returned to near Hillsborough, and, at 3 a. m. this morning, started to overtake Wilder. Wilderburned a saddle manufactory at Pelham. About a dozen prisoners were taken and two sutlers that had been captured from us near Readyville; 1 lieutenant. Just missed a colonel, who was out gathering in his men, who had been permitted togo home to harvest their wheat.

Our movement surprises all citizens and soldiers. Citizens thought no force was on railroad where Wilder was going. They knew nothing of the brigade that Monroe met. Soldiers in squads returning to Tullahoma. The people did not know that we had possession of Shelbyville, and thought the rebels would stand at Tullahoma.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Manchester, June 29, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Commanding Fourth Division:

Have your division all ready to move. Orders will be sent stating the time to march. If forage is short, stop at every wheat-field you pass.

By order of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 29, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The general commanding directs that you reduce the bread ration one-half. It is not deemed desirable to have this order go through the

