
adjutant-general's office, but he suggests that it be done through your chief commissary. The other portion of the ration can be reduced at your discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major Gens. T. L. Crittenden and A. McD. McCook.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Manchester, June 29, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCook directs that you move your command out on the Lynchburg road and connect your left with the right of General Brannan's division, and open communication with General Brannan. I send you a guide to conduct you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB BATES,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

LEXINGTON, June 29, 1863-11.30 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

Dispatch from Carthage says enemy, 4,000 strong, are at Granville, and intend crossing soon as river will permit, to attack Carthage. Provisions very short several articles. Judah still on Barren River, unable to cross. Provisions out; forage plenty. He is grinding corn, and will be able to get along until river falls. Hobson occupied Tompkinsville with two regiments cavalry, and had provisions there for Judah' his infantry is at Paces, 14 miles from Tompkinsville. Met no enemy. Prisoners say Morgan and Pegram united, and encamped from Clunton to Albany. All information tends to belief that they intend crossing somewhere south of Burkesville. Water very high everywhere. Green River Bridge, on Columbia and Lebanon pike, washed away. Troops at Jamestown out of provisions. Fishing Creek too high to cross artillery from Somerset. Am afraid I will have to bring troops at Jamestown back to Somerset or Fishing Creek until water falls. Shackelford is at Glasgow. He sent party after guerrillas approaching railroad, and gave them a severe beating, killing and capturing several, and taking several horses, &amp;c. It was, I think, the party that crossed at Creelsborough. The unusually high water disarranges everything with us, and must also with the enemy.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Manchester, June 30, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

The movement of this army so far has been a success. Our troops have taken Shelbyville, and Guy's, Liberty, and Hoover's Gaps, and are

