
now concentrated between this place and Tullahoma, our advance being about 4 miles from Tullahoma. Colonel Wilder has just returned from an expedition cutting the railroads. He went to Decherd, Tantalon, and Pelham. At Tantalon he found Buckner's troops on cars coming this way. Would it not be a good time for you to clean out East Tennessee?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 30, 1863-11 a. m.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Gunboats, Cairo:

The enemy is driven back of the Duck River upon Tullahoma. Can't you come up the Tennessee, and head off any attempt they may make to cross at Florence or Decatur? Do so, if possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., June 30, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland, in the Field:

GENERAL: My dispatch sent to you yesterday, dated 1.45 p. m., is in part a reply to your dispatch just received and dated Manchester, June 29, 1863, 12.30 p. m. My answer to the rest of this dispatch is as follows:

The supplies for Baird's command leave in the morning; also a large train for yourself, via the Manchester pike. Heaven only knows when it will reach you, owing to the bad condition of the roads. The railroad and telegraph are completed to near Fosterville, and will probably be completed to Wartrace and Shelbyville to-morrow. It is my opinion that is will be quite as safe to send your wagons to Murfreesborough via Fairfield and Wartrace as by any other route. I do not think I have troops sufficient to hold Wartrace. You must do it. My troops are posted as follows: Two regiments of infantry and two regiments of cavalry at Guy's Gap. The rest of the troops that were with Baird at Shelbyville, McCook's brigade from Nashville, and all of Ward's, except one regiment at La Vergne, are ordered here.

Van Cleve cannot be relieved under two or three days, and I would suggest that his troops be left here, as I do not consider there is any probability that the rebels will make a stand at Tullahoma, and you already have more men and animals than you can possibly take care of or feed until the railroad is finished. The dirt roads are impassable; the Manchester pike is worn out, and even worse. Broken-down animals and unloaded ammunition, provisions, forage, &amp;c., are strewn along the whole length of the road.

There is a stampede in town about Morgan being in the vicinity to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

