HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 30, 1863-7.45 a. m.

General THOMAS:

The general commanding desires to know if there was any movement of the enemy of of trains of cars last night, and, if so, what they were.

Very respectfully,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Crumpton's Creek, June 30, 1863-8.30 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I have given orders to the division commanders to get their axes and spades; have also given orders to push a reconnaissance to the front to feel the enemy. Since the rain has ceased, the ground has dire up considerably, and the creek is not more than knee-deep. No enemy has made his appearance in our immediate front this morning. A portion of General Negley's train is still to the rear, and it will probably be noon before everything can be closed up, as the roadway is in a terrible condition. I shall proceed to the front in a few moments, and, after examining the features of the country, will report on my return.

Inclosed herewith I send a dispatch taken from the pocket of a rebel courier, killed by General Steedman's men last evening.

The cars were busy running all night; could not tell whether arriving or departing; probably they were doing both.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Tullahoma, June 28, 1863.

General N. B. FORREST, Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: General Bragg directs me to say that he desires you will move your command over and picket the road leading from Manchester to this place. The general wishes as much of your force held in reserve as is possible,for other purposes. General Bragg also desires me to say that he thinks your trains had better be moved in this direction, as he considers Pulaskian unsafe place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, June 30, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Command roads to the rear without breaking the ground. Construct light abatis on your flanks, more for appearance than for defense. Are the roads improving?

GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Hooker is relieved, and Meade commands the Army of the Potomac.

