
JUNE 30, 1863.

Colonel FLYNT:

The last message should read as follows:

* * * * * * *

The general commanding directs you to readjust your line on the principle suggested in his communication of last evening. Open roads to the rear without breaking ground; construct light abatis on your flanks, more for appearance than for defense. Are the roads improving?

* * * * * * *

This inaccuracy was caused by the lightning, as I explained to you.

JONES,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer in Charge.

GLASGOW, June 30, 1863-7 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAKE:

In pursuance with the general's order, I communicated with Brigadier-General Judah on yesterday by couriers. I send dispatch, just received from him, to the general. He certainly has placed a wrong construction upon my letter. I did not mean to convey the idea that the rebels were in Burkesville in force, although they are reported there in large force. I believed rebels in Burkesville, but in what numbers I could not possibly tell.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

CRUMPTON'S CREEK, TENN., June 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Steedman's entire brigade of my division is advanced about 2 miles on the main road to Tullahoma, but cannot advance farther, owing to there being no support on the right. I would request that you furnish the necessary support, if you have not already done so. General Reynolds is supporting on the left.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crossing Crumpton's Creek, June 30, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to send one regiment out on the Tullahoma road to rear of General Steedman's brigade, for the purpose of picketing the line to the left of General Steedman's line, which rests on the right of the railroad, so as to connect it with your own, his reserve resting near the railroad to the rear of General Steedman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

