
In regard to the mounting of infantry, information has already been sent to you. Equipments have been forwarded, and arrangements made for sending horses by which you should receive them by the middle of next week.

By command of Major-General Wright:

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. RICE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 6, 1863.

Colonel STAGER:

Telegram from Brigadier-General Sullivan, Jackson, Tenn., says scouts report Longstreet in Virginia. Bragg re-enforced by conscripts only. Van Dorn intends leading cavalry attack on Rosecrans' rear. Moved east for that purpose. Forrest in Richmond. Indications of Bragg falling back. Sending stores to rear.

BRUCH.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

It seems, from recent news, that some of Morgan's men, I know not how many, have been assembling about Albany and crossing into Kentucky, and toward Jamestown and Glasgow. Some definite plan must be devised, and carried out, to drive off or exterminate these savage marauders.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 6, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

I did not write you because I was too busy and uncertain of the result of the battle. It is now evident that their loss was excessive. Their own officers and men estimate their loss at from 13,000 to 15,000. I now wish to push them to the wall, but the pursuit will be heavy work. Send me what force you can spare, and take care of the railroad. I will write you soon. I congratulate you on the success of the Carter expedition and the final expulsion of John H. Morgan. I wish you would get ready a large lot of saddles and horses, and mount your infantry, to pursue him the next time he makes a raid.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, February 7, 1863.

Brigadier General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Commanding Central District of Kentucky, Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have information, from what seems to be a truly reliable source, that there are officers and men of the rebel army, to the number of a hundred or more, in Owen County, not in companies, nor claiming

4 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

