HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 1, 1863-7 p. m.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD:

We occupy this place. The rear of rebels left this a. m. They are in full retreat, and reported very much disorganized. Notify General Granger, and tell him to send all supplies this way, and to push repairs on railroad and telegraph lines. Notify operator at Wartrace to push ahead with telegraph line.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 1, 1863-7 p. m.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN:

The rebels are in disorderly retreat toward Winchester with their whole force. The general commanding directs you to send General Wood to Hillsborough, and hold him there until further orders. He has changed the line of General Palmer's march down the Sherrill's road changed the line of General Palmer's march down the Sherril's road to Hart's tan-yard, near Elk River. General Palmer will forward a copy of his order to you. Open communication with Palmer, and make your headquarters at Hillsborough for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Manchester, July 1, 1863-10.35 a. m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Reserve:

Your dispatch of June 30 (hour not given) is received. The enemy's main force is at Tullahoma, where he evidently intends to make a stand. He is receiving re-enfocements from East Tennessee, and probably from Southwestern Virginia. A dispatch from Wheeler to Forrest, captured yesterday, shows that Forrest's train was at Pulaski on the 28th, and the main body of his force between that place and Tullahoma, and all ordered to join Bragg.

On the 27th, Morgan was at Granville, 12 miles up the river from Carthage. He has since withdrawn to Sparta, and his outposts at McMinville and Dug Hollow have also fallen back to Sparta. Wheeler and Wharton are in our front. The enemy has his hands full here, and is not like at present to disturb the posts in your district. Nashville is in no danger while the army is successful here. All these posts must be held by the minimum garrison, and as much of your force as possible must be held in readiness to support our movement here. You have probably before this received the order to occupy Wartrace and the line of railroad between there and Shelbyville.

The general commanding cannot allow Van Cleve's command to remain at Murfreesborough. He must be sent forward, with trains, as soon as possible. The general commanding directs you to superintend the forwarding of supplies. Two roads have been selected for empty

