
and the cavalry that I have here, to ascertain. Will report result of the reconnaissance as soon as I learn it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

OUTPOST, TULLAHOMA ROAD,

July 1, 1863-8.15 a. m.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Asst. Adjt. Genn., Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The cavalry officer upon whom I relied to ascertain where General Sheridan's pickets were, deceived me by representing that the pickets were connected. There was no connection on the right, is none now, nor can I find General Sheridan's line. I have sent a patrol to the road on my right, 1 miles, without finding troops or pickets. On the left, the line of General Reynolds is fully 1 1\4 miles in my rear. All quiet in front. The enemy is about half a mile in front of my picket line. I have a regiment on picket. I am ready to move whenever ordered. Rations have been received and distributed.

The enemy commenced running cars about 1 o'clock, and from that time till daylight trains arrived and departed every hour. The beating of drums on the arrival of the cars indicated that troops were either arriving or departing. Everything has been perfectly quiet since daylight. No cars running; no drums beating; nothing to indicate any movement whatever.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Crumton's Creek, July 1, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a citizen named John Bryan has just reached my headquarters, and reports that the enemy evacuated Tullahoma last night, and are now moving toward Chattanooga, by way of Estell Springs. I have sent forward strong reconnaissance to ascertain the true, I would suggest that McCook's corps follow along the railroad, whilst my corps pursues along the Winchester road, supported by Crittenden on the road next on the left, and that Stanley push forward as rapidly as possible with his cavalry through Hillsborough and Pelham, and destroy their baggage train; but I believe by this movement he will be able to take many prisoners also.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Crumpton's Creek, July 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General BRANNAN, Commanding Third Division:

You are directed by the general commanding to send forward General Steedman's brigade for the purpose of reconnoitering as near Tulla-

