
homa as possible. He will be cautious in his movements, and ascertain if possible if the enemy are there is any force. General Reynolds will support him on the left, as he did yesterday. Prepare your first brigade to relieve General Steedman as soon as possible, and to follow him up. Have all your transportation ready to follow if it is ascertained that the enemy have left Tullahoma.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crumpton's Creek, July 1, 1863.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division, Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Have you still a brigade in your front in the position in which you placed it yesterday? I intend to relieve General Steedman by Colonel Walker's brigade. General Thomas has directed me to advance cautiously for a short distance, not to bring on a general engagement, but to feel the enemy and get all the information we can. I would like to be well supported on my right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

I wrote General Brannan that Bradley's brigade was still at the same place it was posted yesterday afternoon.

[GEORGE] LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Crumpton's Creek, July 1, 1863-2 p. m.

General BRANNAN:

GENERAL: General Reynolds will move up his division to your support at Tullahoma. I will move my headquarters to the Widow Hale's Mill, on Winchester road, about 6 miles from this place, where you and Reynolds will join me to-morrow, unless otherwise ordered by General Rosecrans. I look to you and Reynolds to secure all public property, particularly ammunition, guns, and subsistence stores, and turn them over to General Sheridan before you leave. Communicate with me by Bobo's Cross-Roads for to-night, or until you can open communication by the direct road from Tullahoma to Hale's Mill.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 1, 1863-8.10 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs you to push on as rapidly as possible to the river. Your other two divisions will follow at 2 o'clock

