
NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 23, 1863.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Senior Naval Officer, Cairo, Ill.:

It is imperative that more gunboats should be sent in the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers to protect the transports. Send a steamer immediately, with this telegram, to Admiral Porter.

Two hundred men for the squadron will be transferred from the East in three or four days.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., January 23, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Telegraphed twice, inquiring if you could send me a few good division commanders. Would like to have General Cluseret. It is very desirable to know at once what can be done. Have two divisions now commanded by colonels.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, January 23, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Murfreesborough:

SIR: I deem the following information of sufficient importance to communicate to the commanding general:

The enemy are concentrating a considerable cavalry force at Columbia, advancing a portion to Franklin, establishing apparently a base to operate against your transportation on the river and Murfreesborough roads. The knowing rebels say Bragg is changing his front.

It is believed, perhaps understood, that Bragg is to be heavily re-enforced. The visit of Jeff. Davis, the great importance, i. e., necessity, of holding Middle Tennessee, justifies this belief; it is deserving of attention.

The train which came up yesterday had only a guard of 300 men. Soldiers from Nashville and teams were straggling over the entire road, offering the most favorable opportunities for surprise and capture.

The roads, unless speedily repaired, will be almost impassable after the next rain.

There is still a large amount of quartermaster's and ordnance stores scattered over the road from the wreck of the trains captured by the rebels.

General Garfield is here, and starts for Murfreesborough to-morrow.

I have the honor to remain, truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Brigadier-General.

