
to be deserters, but men who have returned home for their own convenience, and who, by not reporting themselves to the military authorities, show themselves ready to take part again in the rebel cause when an opportunity offers. The county referred to has always been considered disloyal, and as requiring to be watched. The statement just given makes it more imperative to look after it. You will, therefore, send there, and keep for the present in that vicinity, one or two companies of cavalry, with orders to the officer in command to arrest all persons who may have been connected with the rebel army, and, returning therefrom, have not delivered themselves up to the military authorities, and obtained written permission to remain unmolested by the military authorities in Kentucky. All persons arrested will be sent to Lexington, with the necessary proof in the case, where they will undergo such further examination as may be necessary. Intelligent and prudent officers should be selected for this service. Similar steps will be taken in regard to other sections of your district where the necessity for such action exists.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Forts Henry, Heiman, and Donelson, February 8, 1863-8 p. m.

General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

Report has just come in, by some of the men of this command, that Colonel Robison [?], of the rebel army, reached Huntington yesterday, with 2,000 men. It is said to be part of Van Dorn's force. I will keep you advised of anything I may hear. I think we can take care of Colonel Robison.

W. W. LOWE,Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Forts Henry, Heiman, and Donelson, February 8, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

No news of importance. We are fixing things, both at Donelson and Henry, so that at either point we will be in better condition for defense. Sent 75 prisoners to Louisville; 44 of them captured at Donelson, and the rest on west side of Tennessee River, by Lieutenant Beatty, of the Fifth Iowa Cavalry. They have been recently (before the fight) attempting to forage on west side of Tennessee River, but we have destroyed all their boats as high up as Duck River.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS, February 8, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

Major-General Hamilton telegraphs to-day that the commanding general's instructions were to remove all heavy guns from the east bank of

