HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Oak Hill, Tenn., July 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General TURCHIN,

Commanding Second Division Cavalry:

GENERAL: After giving your horses a good feed, issue five days' hard bread to each man, with eight days' rations of sugar, coffee, and salt, with a full supply of ammunition, and march at once to Hillsborough, where further orders concerning the route will be given. Leave your train in charge of a good officer, to be parked at Manchester, leaving all lame, unshod, and weak horses with the train, leaving a proper number of men and officers to take charge of the property. Two ambulances to each regiment. Captain Stokes will take two pieces of artillery with him and 4 horses from each of the other two pieces left behind. The lieutenant, with Colonel Minty, will take one rifled piece and a full extra team, taken from one of the other pieces, as soon as he has brought his section to Manchester; only the limbers of caissons will be taken. The Second Brigade, of General Turchin's command, will march at once with its artillery. Colonel Minty's brigade will follow. The ambulances accompanying the column must have no baggage put in them. Headquarters, until the column is under way, will be at Manchester. Any ammunition you require which you have not got can probably be had at Manchester.

I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, July 1, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

I will move through Perryville, and follow toward Bardstown, unless I find that Morgan has taken some other road. I have seen men from New Liberty, and beyond Harrodsburg and Salvisa, and no force has gone in either direction. I think Morgan went from Springfield to Bardstown, his extreme flankers passing through Harrodsburg. I have to have a good many horses shod.

W. P. SANDERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PARIS, KY., July 1, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

I have not force so that I could send more than 50 men, but will do that at once, if you direct. Captain [G.] Reed says that there are 200 rebels in one camp in Owen County.

E. W. PIERCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

FRANKFORT, KY., July 1, 1863 - 7.30 p. m.

General HARTSUFF:

I started an expedition from Lawrenceburg in the direction of Taylorsville. Presume they are near there by this time. Had not the expedition from Hickman Bridge [better] be recalled? The countersign will not be the same, as we have not received it from headquarters.

T. B. ALLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

