
at Corinth. The country closely resembles that about Corinth. The satisfaction at having dislodged him with so slight loss from his entrenched positions here and at Shelbyville is great.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 2, 1863 - 8.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 9 p. m., and subsequent word by Lieutenant Kelly, gives your history and position. Generals Brannan and Reynolds will have reported ere this. Our rule is now to push with all vigor. Remind all officers leading the advance that whenever a vigorous attack is made, the enemy naturally suppose our whole army is upon them. Let two or more pieces of artillery accompany the side or skirmishing column. Stanley will be down from Hillsborough on the Decherd road with all his cavalry, coming in on your left. He has orders to report to you, and he and you will consult together for the purpose of cutting up the rebel cavalry and trains. It is of the greatest importance that no time is lost. Please advise me frequently, and open communication with Sheridan and Johnson, on your right. Choose the leaders of your advance from the best officers in your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Spring Creek, July 2, 1863 - 8.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

Statement of Mr. J. P. Hezner, residing near Widow Hale's Mill: The enemy commenced retreating troops by his house at 11 p. m. night before last, and continued for twenty-four hours passing infantry, cavalry, and artillery and a large train, the rear crossing Elk River last night. It is understood that they burned the bridge. He thinks they had five regiments, and, he thinks, more cavalry in our front last evening; knows that Hardee's corps was among the troops that passed his house; thinks they have taken the Brakefield and Cowan road; none gone the Pelham road, as it was understood that the Federal troops had attacked them on their left flank, at the head of the river, and he thought it was a race who should get to Bridgeport first, the rebels or Federal troops; learns from parties in the rebel army that Bridgeport is very strongly fortified. He thinks they will not stop short of Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit the following message given me by General Thomas to deliver to General Rosecrans:

I have arrived too late for the bridge over Elk River. Rebels are across, and the bridge burned. They have left a strong force opposed to me on the opposite side of

