HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Spring Creek, July 2, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Commanding Fourth Division:

The general commanding directs that you park your train, except your ammunition, in the rear, or near General Brannan's, and move your command forward to support General Brannan, who will advance to the right of General Negley's division. This disposition will be kept up until we pass Elk River, unless orders are received to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 2, 1863 - 9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. The general commanding directs you to move, with your two brigades, upon McMinnville as soon as possible. General Granger has been ordered to relieve you of the command of Murfreesborough. You are authorized to supply yourself with the necessary train from the empty wagons returning to Murfreesborough, if you cannot get your own. Occupy McMinnville, and look out for Morgan. You may be able to capture his camp at Sparta. Put the railroad in repair, so that we may supply your command from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN KENTUCKY,Beaver [Creek], July 2, 1863. (Received July 6, 1863.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I resume the advance to-morrow, and shall be in Virginia within three days. The incessant rains of the past eight days, and the consequent impassability of the roads and streams, have caused the delay. Having been assigned to the command of a division in the Twenty-third Corps, am I released of the command of this district?

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 2, 1863.

General WILLCOX, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Please issue no orders inaugurating a general policy in your district without reference to these headquarters. I have the subject of the sale of arms under consideration, and will issue the order at the proper time. Your general order in reference to secret societies is approved, but it has embarrassed me to a certain extent, as I am on the eve of inaugurating a general policy on all these subjects. You will remember that I said to you when here that the military districts were of my own creation, and there was much opposition to them, so that we have to exercise our authority very carefully.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

