HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jones' Ford, July 3, 1863 - 1 p. m.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch forwarded by General Sheridan, announcing the capture of Winchester, is just received. I am doing all in my power to cross my command, but cannot accomplish it probably before to-morrow morning. The water commenced rising again this morning, but the stream will probably be low enough in the morning to cross.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,At Pennington's, July 3, 1863 - 2 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit you the following information, received from a negro who left Winchester yesterday evening:

About 200 rebel cavalry there at that time. Largest portion of Bragg's army gone to Chattanooga, via Decherd. Troops moving via railroad and on foot. Bragg left Decherd day before yesterday. Large train of wagons passed through Decherd same day. The troops who were in my front yesterday retreated via a road leading to the left from this place, and passing through about 2 1/2 miles above Decherd; 7 miles from here to Winchester; 5 miles from here to Decherd; good roads; 2 1/2 miles from Winchester to Decherd.

I would also inform you that our cavalry (from what command I know not) had a brisk fight at this place yesterday evening with Wharton's cavalry. Wharton retreated during the night, and I think our cavalry pursued him toward Winchester. I hear some firing on my left, toward Decherd. In consequence of the heavy rains this a. m., the road over which I came to this place is getting very badly cut up, and will need repairs.

I have the honor to remain, yours, very truly,

JAS. S. NEGLEY,

Major-General.

P. S. - Your note by courier just received.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jones' Ford, July 3, 1863.

Major-General NEGLEY,

Commanding Second Division:

Your note just received, carrying out instructions forwarded you this morning to halt your command at Pennington's until further orders.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

