HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 3, 1863 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

Your dispatch of 11 a. m. to-day is received. General Sheridan occupied Winchester with his division this morning. The general commanding leaves in a few moments to join you. Can you not make raft bridges, or in some way effect a crossing; even to throw over a division or two will greatly assist the object.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 3, 1863 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FLYNT:

COLONEL: Our division is at the ford. River has risen several inches to-day, but, if rising now at all, it is not perceptible. Baggage train can cross, but water runs into all the wagon beds. I do not consider it prudent to cross the ammunition train at the present stage of water. General Negley's train not yet all over. Have reported to him my position, and can, in case of need, support him immediately. My men are at the burnt bridge, which is repaired so that infantry can cross. Pioneer corps at work on it, and the officers at the bridge say it will be prepared for crossing wagons by to-morrow night. According to my view of its condition, this will be ample time for its repair.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

P. S. - "Intelligent contraband" says rebels have gone to Bridgeport, and design concentrating there.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 3, 1863 - 3.45 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Your communications of to-day are received. General Rosecrans and staff are here. The general commanding is desirous of knowing the result of the reconnaissance to Mount Top, and directs me to inquire whether you think a movement from Winchester to Tantalon would probably result successfully. General McCook directs that you send your prisoners directly to Tullahoma.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON CITY, July 4, 1863 - 8 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Tullahoma:

A letter from Jefferson Davis to General Lee, dated at Richmond on the 28th instant [ultimo], was captured yesterday. It recapitulates reasons

