
CAIRO, ILL, July 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding District of Columbus, Columbus, Ky.:

I am informed that an order has been given to abandon Fort Heiman, Tennessee River. I am now co-operating with General Rosecrans, who telegraphed me that he has driven the enemy back of Black River (probably Duck River) upon Tullahoma, and asked for gunboats to go up and head off any attempt they may make to cross at Florence or Decatur. I have ordered light-draught gunboats up for that purpose; and if Fort Heiman is evacuated, the rebels will probably occupy it, and our supplies will be cut off. As the gunboats are only musket-proof, I shall be obliged to withdraw them below the fort. I deem it my duty to mention these facts to you, as the consequences may be of a very serious nature.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant of Station.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 5, 1863.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Feel Captain and Commandant of Station, Cairo, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: Replying to your inclosure of copy of telegram of [present] date, I beg leave to say that my orders in regard to Fort Heiman only contemplate its abandonment when it is no longer possible to hold it. I inclose a copy of my order to Major Newsham, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, whom I sent especially to prevent any hasty action in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, July 6, 1863.

Major-General MCCOOK, Winchester:

Consult General Stanley in regard to Watkins' command. If he can spare him temporarily, he may remain. The general wishes the cavalry massed as much as possible under Stanley.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN., July 6, 1863 - 8.15 p. m.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD, Tullahoma:

The following dispatch just received from Gallatin:

Duke id near Elizabethtown. Large force of rebels this side of, and immediately in vicinity of, this post. It is absolutely necessary that I should have a large force at once, at least two regiments of infantry and 300 cavalry. I have less than 600 men here, and less than 300 on the line of the railroad. Have 30 miles of railroad and the river to guard. I cannot hold any part of the railroad if attacked. I can only hold the fort at this point.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

I have no re-enforcements to send him. All the garrisons are reduced to the minimum.

Where are Burnside's forces?

G. GRANGER.

