HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., July 6, 1863 - 11.30 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

The telegraph operator here reports as follows:

Two of the Louisville lines are cut, and [George A.] Ellsworth is on the other. He has his ground wire on now. He has been sending bogus dispatches, &amp; c.

Nashville operator reports Fort Henry evacuated by our forces. Ellsworth supposed to be at Elizabethtown.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Camp Winford, July 6, 1863.

On account of the depredations committed by the different divisions of this command, the general commanding directs that the most energetic measures be adopted to put a stop to them at once, and that hereafter, whenever this so-called impressment is resorted to, no means be spared to trace the guilty party to the division, regiment, and company, and that the amount for the property so taken be paid out of the company savings, by withholding the commutation of rations until the amount is fully paid. The general commanding is determined that pillaging shall be put down in his command, and hopes this circular will have the desired effect. If not, more strenuous measures will be adopted to arrest the guilty, and to make such examples of them as shall effectually put it down throughout the entire command.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

[GEO. E. FLYNT,]

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 6, 1863 - 4.48 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The proposed expedition must move promptly and rapidly, or your opportunity will be lost. There is no need at the present time of keeping large forces in Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JUDAH'S (3RD) DIV., 23rd A. C., Elizabethtown, Ky., July 6, 1863.

Numbers --.

Colonel Horace Capron, Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of a brigade temporarily composed of the Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Cavalry, and Eleventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

Colonel Capron, for the purpose of meeting requirements of his command and transporting and subsisting the same, will at once appoint suitable officers to act as brigade quartermaster and commissary.

By command of Brigadier General H. M. Judah:

R. C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

