
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 7, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

We have just received official information that Vicksburg surrendered to General Grant on the 4th of July. Lee's army overthrown; Grant victorious. You and your noble army now have the chance to give the finishing blow to the rebellion. Will you neglect the chance?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

TULLAHOMA, July 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Just received your cheering dispatch announcing the fall of Vicksburg and confirming the defeat of Lee. You do not appear to observe the fact that this noble army has driven the rebels from Middle Tennessee, of which my dispatches advised you. I beg in behalf of this army that the War Department may not overlook so great an event because it is not written in letters of blood. I have now to repeat, that the rebel army has been forced from its strong entrenched positions at Shelbyville and Tullahoma, and driven over the Cumberland Mountains. My infantry advance is within 16 miles and my cavalry advance within 8 miles of the Alabama line. No organized rebel force within 25 miles of there, nor on this side of the Cumberland Mountains.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 7, 1863.

Colonel S. D. BRUCE, Clarksville, Tenn.:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I have just received your letter of the 27th with surprise and pleasure at the amount of work your command has accomplished. For the promptitude and vigilance of your command in the performance of their military duties, and for their exceedingly valuable services in rebuilding the railroad bridges, be pleased to express to the officers and men my gratification, and accept for yourself my thanks for a degree of thoughtfulness and energy I have seldom known in a post commander. Go on with the repairing of the bridges and trestles on the Edgefield road. Let me hear from you often.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JULY 7, 1863 - 1 a. m.

Major-General GRANGER, Murfreesborough:

The general commanding suggests that you had better send one or two regiments from Nashville to Gallatin, temporarily at least, till re-enforcements can arrive from Donelson. Nashville can be in no danger while this army is intact. The flood on the Cumberland must make it very difficult for the raiders to recross. They ought to be destroyed on the other side by Hartsuff.

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

