HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, July 7, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER, Murfreesborough:

The rebel cavalry has crossed the Cumberland Mountains. Stanley occupies Salem with a cavalry force that will crush the rebel cavalry. Morgan is in Kentucky with a part of his force. We occupy McMinnville with two brigades of infantry. It will not be a very possible operation to raid on Nashville. The garrison may be kept on the alert by that rebel canard. I cannot think any cannon are in the Peninsula between Cumberland and the Caney, but, if you can ascertain the contrary, Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry can and will capture it. Let me know. Send some of the Nashville cavalry to Franklin.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, July 7, 1863 - 11.30 a. m.

Major-General MCCOOK, Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I am satisfied that Bragg's army has crossed the Tennessee River. He burned the railroad bridge across the river and a number of small bridges and trestle-work between Bridgeport and this point, leaving, however, several other bridges on the road uninjured. His losses from desertion are very numerous among the Tennessee troops and others. Many of the companies have lost as many as 20 men. They are coming in in small squads, a number having come in this morning, and I hear of large numbers in the mountains who are making their way home, avoiding our army.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,July 7, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding. If the railroad bridge across the Tennessee River has been burned Stanley's raid will be of little consequence.

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 7, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch announcing that the railroad bridge at Bridgeport has been burned is just received. The general wishes you to forward any information you may be able to get confirming the burning of that bridge, as, in case such is the fact, it will not be necessary for our cavalry to make a contemplated raid for the purpose of cutting the Northern Alabama Railroad. No later mail or dispatches have reached us than have already been sent you. The Elk River is not fordable to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

