HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 7, 1863.

Brigadier General H. P. VAN CLEVE:

Your dispatch of 11 a. m. yesterday is received.* The general commanding approves your course. The two regiments will be sent to you. We do not know that the railroad needs repairing. Examine the road and report at Manchester. The telegraph line is established from here to that place, and will soon be through to McMinnville. Graze your animals and gather all the subsistence you can through the country. General Crittenden's headquarters are 4 miles from Hillsborough, on the Manchester road. Brigadier General Samuel Beatty is in command at Manchester.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Widow Winford's, on Decherd and Hillsborough Road,

July 7, 1863 - 7 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

I have just returned from the front. The country between this and Negley's position, at the foot of the mountains, on Bragg's road, is impracticable at present, and if the rains continue will become worse. The forage throughout this region is exhausted, and we cannot remain here many days longer. The enemy evidently cannot approach our left flank for the same reasons which prevent us from advancing by this road over the mountains on him. I therefore respectfully recommend that my corps take up a position at Fayetteville, where there is an abundance of forage, thereby only making it necessary for me to send to Tullahoma for provisions. From Fayetteville my corps could move in support of McCook's and Crittenden's, if you design moving direct on Chattanooga, or my corps could concentrate and form a depot at Tuscumbia preparatory to another flank movement against the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad between Rome and Atlanta, as you may determine after a full consideration of the situation of affairs. But for the rains our success would have been as complete as Meade's or Grant's, but we have been eminently successful in driving the enemy from his two strongholds by a maneuver which cost us but a few men, while his loss is as great in number as if he had fought a grand battle, in addition to which his army is in a completely demoralized condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, July 7, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati:

Information here seems to show that possibly a brigade of Morgan's and all of Johny Pegram's forces have gone over to raid on you. I

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

