
CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 8, 1863 - 4 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch received.* I thought I was very happy at the success of General Grant and General Meade, but I am still happier to hear of the speedy return of the Ninth Corps.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 9, 1863.

Major-General MCCOOK:

Your dispatch of last evening is received. The general commanding will not give specific directions in regard to Sheridan's route, but, in view of the uncertainty in reference to the enemy's position, and of the bad state of the roads, will leave much to his discretion. He desires, however, that a thorough reconnaissance be made to Bridgeport and to Jasper, if practicable, and also that a sufficient force be sent along the railroad, to keep off bridge-burners until the road can be fully occupied. He desires also to obtain all possible information of the enemy's position and intentions.

Send the cotton you have on hand to Elk River in your empty wagons. Turn it over to the quartermaster there, with directions to ship it to W. G. Brownlow, United States Treasury agent at Nashville. Colonel Truesdail has no authority to issue orders by command of Major-General Rosecrans. Your course toward Rev. Mr. Helm is approved. If he continues to be pestilent, send him north as a prisoner. Would it not be well to send Mrs. Battle north to her father?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 9, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Inclosed find copy of a communication just received from General Sheridan.

General McCook directs me to say to you that he has been ordered by the general commanding to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Bridgeport, and, if possible, to that point, for the purpose of securing, until such time as we may be able to occupy them, the unburned bridges on the line of the railroad.

Applications has been made to the general commanding for a regiment of cavalry to accompany the reconnoitering force, but the application has not yet been heard from.

Colonel Hoblitzell's regiment returned but yesterday afternoon from an expedition into the mountains after guerrillas, and his horses are so worn down that they cannot be used to advantage for some days. Four companies of the Thirty-ninth Indiana Volunteers are here, but they are in the same condition.

---------------

* Announcing surrender of Vicksburg on July 4, and that the Ninth Army Corps would return to the Department of the Ohio.

---------------

