
The general has ordered General Sheridan to make the reconnaissance, and he wishes to know if you can spare a small cavalry force to operate with our infantry, say the remainder of Colonel Watkins' brigade.

Please reply at your early convenience.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S. - General McCook directs me to add that Colonel Hoblitzell reported yesterday that he had but 175 horses in condition for work.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Cowan, July 9, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In obedience to orders from the general commanding, I am sending one brigade (Bradley's) this morning to the mountains, and will probably throw it out as far as Burnt Stand. If my supply train reaches here this evening, I will send a second brigade up to-morrow. No cavalry has yet reported to me, and unless it is sent the reconnaissance will be a very stupid one.

The Crow Creek road is badly cut up. It will be impossible to get infantry and artillery over it. Only cavalry can be used on it.

By taking a position at Burnt Stand I can operate with cavalry down the Crow Creek Valley; also down Sweedenn's Cove to Jasper, and down the Doran road to Bridgeport. I can probably get forage on Crow Creek and in Sweeden's Cove.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 9, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General McCook desires you to carry into execution in your command the instructions contained in the inclosed letter.* While he appreciates the condition in which your troops have been placed, and the necessity of foraging upon the country for supplies, he wishes every effort made to maintain discipline and protect private property from willful and needless depredations. The great majority of the people of his country are disloyal, and he is willing to see them deprived, in the proper manner, of whatever is essential to the support and safety of the army, provided that sufficient subsistence is left in all cases to supply the present necessities of families. Disloyalty does not forfeit the rights of humanity, which every true soldier will respect. All forage, provisions, and animals required for the use of the army must be taken and receipted for by regimental, brigade, or division quartermas-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

