
ters. All officers are authorized and directed to arrest thieves, pillagers, and stragglers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

COLUMBUS, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUFORD, Commanding at Cairo:

GENERAL: I do not anticipate any danger to Cairo at present from Morgan's raid. I requested General Burnside yesterday to complete the number of 800 men promised for Cairo. Meanwhile I will closely watch events, and act promptly whenever required. I have telegraphed to Captain Pennock. Please confer with him.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

UNION CITY, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

GENERAL: The patrol sent out on the afternoon of July 7 returned to-day, and reported that, having been about 15 miles this side of Jackson, they found the enemy around Jackson and Trenton, conscripting for the rebel army. The enemy is reported to be 800 men at Trenton and 1,500 men at Jackson.

Another patrol, having been sent to Gardner's Station yesterday evening, returned, and report that several loyal citizens stated that every day wagons passed through their place, loaded with boots and other clothing, provided with permits from Paducah; that they are expecting to be sent to the rebel lines. Please give me information for further action.

Very respectfully,

G. C. ROSE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

FORT HEIMAN, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

Captain Hanson, Fifteenth Kentucky Cavalry, has just returned from a scout 40 miles toward Jackson; learns that on Friday last, 3rd instant, a rebel force of 900 were ordered back from Lexington to Jackson, where they joined the main force, 1,500 strong, with seven pieces of light artillery. The whole, commanded by General Stevenson, are intending to move on Columbus. The captain's informant obtained the above information indirectly from rebel soldiers at Lexington. All quiet here. No rebels north of Lexington.

J. F. BLACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 10, 1863 - 10.15 a. m.

Major-General STANLEY, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 8.30 p. m. is received. The general commanding will leave the Huntsville expedition mainly to your dis-

