
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

I have directed Colonel Harding to send you such force as he can spare from New Madrid, to be recalled whenever he may need it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 10, 1863.

Major GUSTAV HEINRICHS,

Commanding Clinton, Ky.:

MAJOR: The general commanding district directs that you immediately withdraw your command from Clinton, falling back on Columbus.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, July 11, 1863 - 12 m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch (copy of Hurlbut's) received. Our troops as far south of Elk as they can be and get supplies. Railroad open to Elk, where we are working at bridge 450 feet long; open to McMinnville, where we have a division; our advance at Pelham. A division of cavalry has gone to Huntsville, Decatur, and Florence, and thence up the Central Alabama Railroad, and will endeavor to connect with Hurlbut at Tuscumbia. It is important to know if it will be practicable for Burnside to come in on our left flank, and hold the line of the Cumberland; if not, a line in advance of it and east of us.

The operations now before us involve a great deal of care, labor, watchfulness, and combined effort, to insure the successful advance through the mountains on Chattanooga.

Reports of our operations not yet in from corps commanders.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

JULY 11, 1863 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Your dispatch to General Halleck, in regard to a rebel raid in Northern Mississippi, has been forwarded to me. I will send an expedition to Florence, and, if supplies can be brought up the Tennessee, I will at least temporarily occupy Tuscumbia. Can you hold Eastport with small force, and throw up defensive works, so as to make a depot of supplies safe?

Answer immediately, and give particulars of the raid.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

34 R R - VOL XXIII, PT II

