
land River by the rebel General Wheeler, and released on the following conditions: That upon the arrival of the steamer Hastings with wounded men at the city of Louisville, Ky., the 1,011 bales of cotton on the boat, said to belong to private parties, should be burned on the wharf of the said city; and, in the event of this not being done, he was to report himself to the Confederate authorities within twenty days from the date of parole; Mr. Gaddis, being a non-combatant, and not being a prisoner of war according to the terms of the cartel agreed upon by the representatives of the United States and the so-called Confederate States, he is hereby positively forbidden to burn the aforesaid cotton, or to deliver himself to the Confederate authorities.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 10, 1863 - 1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

If you could give me General Buell, and he would be willing to serve in my army, it would be good for the service. Thank you for General [W. W.] Burns.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 10, 1863.

Captain LEROY FITCH, Commanding Gunboats:

Can't we get three gunboats and four transports up the Tennessee in ten days, to intercept Van Dorn? Infantry to come from Corinth or Donelson, or Henry or Nashville. Please answer, care of General Mitchell.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 10, 1863.

Numbers 16.

I. I having been frequently reported to the general commanding that Confederate soldiers approach our lines dressed in our uniforms, and that they have appeared thus in battle, and have even, savage-like, carried our colors to deceive us, it is ordered that none so dressed shall receive when so captured the rights of prisoners of war, and that in battle no quarter be given them. When captured singly or in squads, prowling about our lines, they shall be deemed spies, and treated accordingly. The general warns all officers and men under his command to be on their guard against these violators of the rules of civilized warfare. All foraging and scouting parties, all patrols, and all troops on the march are enjoined to arrest and examine all persons wearing our uniform, and, if found to be wearing it without lawful authority, to forward them at once to the provost-marshals of their commands for identification and investigation, and thence to the provost-marshal-general of the department that they may be dealt with as they deserve.

