
COLUMBUS, KY., July 11, 1863.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Commanding New Madrid, Mo.:

COLONEL: I beg to inclose a telegram to you from Major-General Schofield, just handed in with one to myself from the general, and request that, if possible, four companies of cavalry may also be sent me, and if four cannot be spared, three or two companies, as I am particularly in want of cavalry, my small mounted force having been much reduced lately, leaving me nearly destitute of that indispensable arm. Please relieve my guard details on steamers Grey Fox and Niagara, hay tows for Memphis, sending back my men by first boat.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[ASBOTH.]

[Inclosure.]

COLUMBUS, KY., July 10, 1863.

Colonel HARDING,

Commanding New Madrid:

Send General Asboth, at Columbus, such force as you can spare, to be recalled whenever you need it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Tullahoma, Tenn., July 12, 1863.

Major General THOMAS L. CRITTENDEN:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. The general commanding does not think it necessary to keep a very strong guard on the line of the McMinnville Railroad. A small force at each of the important bridges and trestles, together with patrols along the line of the railroad, will be sufficient. It is desirable that a courier line should be established between your headquarters and General Van Cleve's. The disposable cavalry force at department headquarters is so small that the general commanding desires you to establish that line if you can. He will visit you in a day or two.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Tullahoma, Tenn., July 12, 1863.

Numbers 163. The following-named officers have been relieved from duty on the staff of the major-general commanding: Captain Joe C. Hill, volunteer aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Hepburn, Second Iowa Cavalry,, inspector of cavalry.

The duties heretofore performed by Lieutenant-Colonel Hepburn have been assigned to the assistant inspector-general of the department.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

