
ing General Pillow with 6,000 rebels at Macedonia. This is corroborated by the inclosed telegram from Paducah, sent by Colonel Martin, commanding post. That there is also a considerable force on the Obion, there can be no doubt, and I respectfully suggest the urgent necessity of a movement in force, on General Dodge's part, from the line of the Mobile and Cincinnati Railroad northward, to prevent a junction of these several rebel commands and an attack by them, like that recently made by Morgan on the Ohio River, upon some of the weak points on the Mississippi or Ohio Rivers, and the consequent and inevitable destruction of property and temporary suspension of communication and supplies.

Major-General Burnside has not sent me the 800 men promised by him; only some 375 effective have arrived at Cairo. To meet Pillow's and Forrest's united forces, in addition to the return of the infantry and cavalry ordered from my district, two light batteries are urgently required.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

MAYFIELD, KY., July 14, 1863.

Dr. [Edward] Arbuckle, of Henry County, Tennessee, has just arrived here, and says General Pillow is at Macedonia, 15 miles south of Paris, Tenn., with about 6,000 rebel troops, one-half mounted and the other half on foot. On dress parade yesterday General Pillow told his troops they would remain until Forrest came in, whom he was then looking for.

Dr. Arbuckle is a reliable gentleman; is a surgeon in the Federal army.

I regard the report as strictly correct.

I. N. BEADLES.

WM. HALL.

J. T. MCINTOSH.

PADUCAH, July 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

Train out to-day to Tennessee line. My detective reports information received that General Pillow was at Macedonia, some 12 miles from Paris, with 6,000 men. He thinks it reliable. I can hardly credit it.

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 14, 1863.

Colonel MARTIN,

Commanding Paducah, Ky.:

It is reported that the rebel General Pillow was yesterday, with 6,000 men, at Macedonia, below Paris, awaiting General Forrest. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Black, commanding Fort Heiman, to fall back on Paducah, in case the above should prove true.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

