
COLUMBUS, July 14, 1863.

(Received July 15.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

As the rebel General Pillow is reported at Macedonia, below Paris, Tenn., with 6,000 men, and Forrest expected to join him, I would request you to send me any additional re-enforcements you can possibly spare.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSVILLE, July 15, 1863.

General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Tullahoma:

General Asboth telegraphs that Pillow is at Macedonia, which is in Carroll County, Tenn. Don't know his force. I sent 200 mounted men this evening to look into the matter.

S. D. BRUCE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Via Elk River Bridge, July 15, 1863 - 8 p. m.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Late Atlanta papers state that our land and naval forces have attacked Charleston. Fight still going on. Rebels don't speak encouragingly of the prospect there. Grant's forces are bombarding Jackson. The indications are that Johnston is running. Port Hudson is supposed to have surrendered. Sheridan's cavalry is encamped near Stevenson, to protect important bridges there. No rebel forces reported on this side of the river. The railroad will be completed to Bridgeport by next Sunday. Deserters state that Hardee's corps had left in the cars. They believe all the forces have left Chattanooga.

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., July 15, 1863.

General ASBOTH, Commanding:

SIR: It is known to you that the capture of Cairo, with the destruction of the naval stores at that place, would be one of the most serious disasters the enemy could inflict, involving millions of dollars' worth of ammunition and naval supplies, which would cripple the entire flotilla below, and cut off all communication with the Ohio and Mississippi above. This might be accomplished by a traitorous boat's crew, in co-operation with a rebel force, crossing either river, 10 miles above this place, making a night attack with 1,000 men. Such an adventure is as probable as the recent successful raids that have been made in Indiana.

To defend this place, I have this day 284 officers and soldiers for duty, being part of a regiment which have been prisoners of war and paroled, and not in a good state of discipline; the colonel absent, sick; the lieutenant-colonel under arrest; armed with two calibers, 58 and 69, and an inadequate supply of ammunition, with no ordnance supplies on

