
hand. I need not inform you that the fort would not be of any use in the defense against a force that should land above. It has but one gun mounted which could be aimed in the right direction, and its walls have been washed away by the water.

From time to time Captain Pennock, U. S. Navy, has called my attention to the value of the position we hold, and the inadequate force. As he has ordnance stores, he has caused an organization into companies of the workmen in the navy-yard; but as yet they have not been armed or drilled. Knowing the great use you had for all the forces under your command, I have not continued to apply for forces. I have stated that I thought one good regiment of infantry, one section of light artillery, and one company of cavalry was as small a force as ought to be maintained here; but as you could not supply them, I deemed it my duty to request you to place 500 muskets and accouterments and 100,000 cartridges at my disposal, which was refused. I have apprised you of the disloyal sentiments of the people of Southern Illinois, and shall do what I can to meet an emergency. I have not arms or ammunition even for the convalescents who could fight, at Mound City and this place.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

It can hardly be possible that Price has crossed the Tennessee. He was in Arkansas a few day ago.* I could send you a few more troops if assured that his forces had gone into Tennessee, but not otherwise.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,University, July 16, 1863.

[Captain GEORGE LEE, Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: I have 20 of Colonel Ray's men here, sent back when he left Sweeden's Cove, because their horses were used up. I suppose they should join their regiment soon. Shall I send them to Cowan? A good many of the people living on Battle Creek and at Tracy City are leaving their homes to escape the guerrillas. I have allowed them to pass on to Cowan and other points, where they have friends.

I saw last evening a scout employed by General Rosecrans, who came from Chattanooga on the 14th. He says Bragg's forces are mostly at or near Chattanooga, and that none had crossed the river, as was reported, below here. The report was current when he left that Charleston had fallen, and that Buckner had been defeated in East Tennessee.

I send in three deserters. Signal officers from corps headquarters have established a station within 1 mile of our camp, on a high bluff looking toward Cowan.

Respectfully,

L. P. BRADLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* See Asboth to Schofield, p. 533. As received by Schofield, "Price," had been substituted for "Pillow."

---------------

