
TULLAHOMA, July 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

Left Tullahoma 10th; reached Chattanooga evening of 12th. Bragg's headquarters at Dr. Kennedy's house, where he is; army in and around Chattanooga, except one division at Tenorsville, on East Tennessee Railroad, and one brigade at Bridgeport. Cavalry: Forrest and Wheeler at Trenton, Ga., 18 miles from Chattanooga. No troops this side of river. Fortifying extensively at Chattanooga. No artillery in position. Bragg's army estimated at 27,000 to 30,000. Some troops had been sent to Jonston. Railroads in only tolerable condition in East Tennessee. Bridges not finished; time of completion put at one to four weeks. Pontoons at Kelly's Ferry and Battle Creek taken to Chattanooga. A large number of locomotives and freight cars at Chattaanooga; many in bad order. Crops unusually good. River 10 feet above low water; falling. Telegram of 14th reported Charleston had fallen. News of taking Morris' Island had been received before, and excitement in regard to Charleston had been very great. Substance. Colonel Truesdail's scout will report.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

CLINTON, July 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

Arrived here safely, and am comfortably encamped. Hear an unreliable rumor of 600 rebels encamped 6 miles beyond Union City. Also a rumor of 5,000 approaching Hickman; this from a frightened refugee. Will make a scout in that and other directions and report to you.

Respectfully,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CLINTON, July 16, 1863 - Midnight.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

I have heavy cavalry pickets and four cavalry scouts out. Two more companies of cavalry I have not got, but I send one company. With regard to sending troops to intercept the enemy, I report that my scouts have not kept communication as ordered to do, and my pickets on the Moscow road have been alarmed. I am expecting an attack, and have less than 500 men in camp to receive it. How many of these shall I send in view of the above circumstances? I wait for further orders.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, July 16, 1863.

General BUFORD, Cairo, Ill.:

What further have you from Pillow?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, July 16, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Gilbert reports citizens of Barboursville sent word to London that rebel force at Cumberland Gap has been increased; that Gracie issued

