
orders to be ready to move; an invasion feared. The information of evacuation of the Gap came from one of Reynolds' scouts, who passed through it himself, and found everything removed and shanties burned. I do not believe it is now occupied, although it is possible a diversion in favor of Morgan may be attempted. Heard nothing about Morgan yesterday. Please [give] your latest intelligence concerning him.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 16, 1863 - 8 p. m.

General HARTSUFF:

Make your preparations for a quick movement to the front. Morgan is not yet captured, and if we do not succeed in taking him, he will be driven into Western Virginia, and I shall start the troops to the front. Have everything ready at a short notice.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 16, 1863.

Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Naval Station, Cairo, Ill.:

Paducah is threatened. Please have a gunboat there for its protection. I have ordered the garrison at Fort Heiman to fall back to Paducah. Can you also send a gunboat to Columbus? Reports from all sources agree that Pillow is advancing in force, to operate on the Ohio or Mississippi.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, July 16, 1863.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD, Commanding:

I can hardly believe that 500 or 600 rebels, or any other number, have crossed the Ohio this side of Paducah. No such force has been permitted this side of the Kentucky and Tennessee State line since I assumed command of this district. I am watching over Cairo with the same vigilance as over Columbus or the other posts of the district. I have but two sections of light artillery - one at Columbus and one at Fort Heiman - neither of which can be spared. I expected the arrival, daily, at Cairo, of infantry from Major-General Burnside to complete the 800 men promised me by him, and only this morning was informed by him that he cannot furnish them. You will detail Company D, Thirteenth Wisconsin Infantry, at Cairo until further orders. I am short of arms; need them for soldiers, and cannot issue them to civilians.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General BUFORD,

Commanding Cairo, Ill.:

Send a steamer at once to Paducah, to report to Colonel Martin, for the purpose of bringing the garrison of Fort Heiman to Paducah. Tele-

