HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 16, 1863 - 10.15 p. m.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding Clinton, Ky.:

The ran Monarch, with infantry well armed, is now leaving here for Hickman to make an attack upon the rebel camp, if one is found there. Send two companies of cavalry to co-operate with the ram and troops and intercept the fugitives.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 17, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

Scout in from Decatur reports Bragg retiring in three columns to Atlanta by cars, to Talladega by land, and the third down Tuscumbia Valley. My opinion is that Bragg and Johnston will unite on the line of Coosa River. I hear nothing of Sherman or his movements below.

Until I learn definitely of him, and of the disposition of the heavy force now in the Tuscumbia Valley, it will be impossible to move any men from this line to Arkansas, as requested by telegram from you.

The enemy's cavalry were sharply punished at Jackson, Tenn., by Colonel Hatch on the 13th. His loss over 200 in killed, wounded, and prisoners; 400 conscripts released, and about 250 horses taken, with more than that number of arms. General Ruggles' command at Okolona, with 4,000 good troops and an unlimited supply of militia. If to these a portion of Bragg's force be added, they may be troublesome. I have forwarded your dispatch to General Grant, and await the return of forces from him.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, July 17, 1863 - 4.35 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

I have scout in from Decatur and one in from Jacksonville; also several in from the mountains. Bragg is moving in three columns, one toward Atlanta in cars, one toward Talladega by land, and one down the Tuscumbia Valley. There is no doubt in my mind of this. What his intended destination is I cannot learn. It is said that Rosecrans' advance is at Rome. The report of cavalry going to Roddey is true. Scout thinks that Bragg and Johnston have been ordered to unite. Scout also said that it was current report that Bragg lost a good many prisoners. I know that the deserters are running this way by the hundreds, mostly in the mountains.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 17, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Reliable information by scouts is that Bragg's army is sending a considerable force to Knoxville. Buckner is at Big Creek Gap. Cum

