
berland Gap, which had been evacuated, is again occupied by new troops, and everything seems to be indicating another raid into Kentucky. Have you sufficient information of the enemy's movements to render this improbable? Please answer immediately.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, July 17, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The general is confined to his bed. His directs me to forward the following telegrams:

CAMP NELSON, July 17.

General HARTSUFF:

I have just received a communication from a most reliable gentleman, residing in Barboursville, Knox County, Kentucky, that three rebel regiments are now at Cumberland Gap, being mounted for a raid into this State. He says they have already commenced gathering horses in Kentucky. He also says that a Tennessee man, just from Green County, says that two brigades of Bragg's army arrived at Knoxville last Wednesday week, and that Buckner was also there. The source from which this comes to me can be fully relied upon.

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

STANFORD, July 17, 1863.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

My scout, Boughman, reports 1,500 men at Cumberland Gap; that they are not the same that were formerly there. A loyal citizen from near Big Creek Gap reports the arrival there of two brigades from Bragg's army; also that Buckner's command is being concentrated in Powell Valley, and that Bragg himself is in Knoxville. I have a detachment of the Forty-fourth out in that direction, and will know the facts in a day or two. I think Steed Reynolds and some of his Tennessee scouts should be sent to Powell Valley; there are probably some grounds for the alarm of these mountain people. All quiet in direction of Somerset. The Cumberland River is high and still rising.

SAMUEL A. GILBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Some of Reynolds' scouts are in the direction of Powell Valley.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-third Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KENTUCKY,Louisville, July 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: I have organized a "Legion of Defense," composed of citizens, consisting of seven regiments of infantry (7,000 strong), a battery of artillery, and a company of cavalry. The organization is permanent, and the whole is drilled at least an hour each day. The field officers have all been officers in old regiments. Each company has its armory, which is guarded, and the arms can only be used for drill or actual service. The city authorities and all the loyal citizens are in favor of and take great interest in the organization. I have as yet issued only 3,500 arms, but have promised to arm the whole.

I regard the authority from the general commanding ample, but as the force is greater than I anticipated raising, I deem it advisable to notify you before making further issues. To stop the issue now would destroy

