
the command. The plan I have adopted will, I am satisfied, prevent the loss of the arms, and I hope that the number of arms I desire to issue will not dissatisfy the general commanding.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 17, 1863 - 2 p. m.

Fleet Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Naval Station, Cairo, Ill.:

The ram Monarch arrived this morning from Hickman, and is now leaving for Cairo. Captain [Asgill] Conner, commanding Company K, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, had already occupied Hickman when my cavalry rode in, and acted efficiently and promptly. Please thank the captain for me, and accept my acknowledgments for the assistance rendered by the Monarch.

It would be to the best interests of the service to place the ram Monarch on the Mississippi, between Island Numbers 10 and Columbus, where she could operate with my land forces, appearing promptly at any point threatened or attacked on this part of the river, so much exposed to rebel raids. Without the co-operation of a ram or gunboat, it will be difficult for my very limited force to act with efficiency and the desired degree of success against the robbers infesting the Obion bottoms.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

CINCINNATI, July 17, 1863.

General ASBOTH, Columbus, Ky.:

All my cavalry are after Morgan in Ohio, east of the Scioto River. I have to hold the entire line of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, the Cumberland River, and Eastern Kentucky, so that I really have not a man to spare. What kind of force do you need, and how much? Are there not plenty of gunboats on the river?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 17, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I need especially cavalry and light artillery, having only 700 mounted men for duty, and four pieces of light artillery in my whole district. I expect the return of four infantry regiments from Vicksburg in a short time.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., July 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

The troops from Fort Heiman have arrived, together with camp and garrison equipage, except cavalry, which was sent through by land.

