
There were left at Fort Heiman two barges of coal and two empty barges (coal) for use of gunboats. Shall I send boat up and tow them down?

All quiet at this post. No force of rebels heard from.

JAS. S. MARTIN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAIRO, July 17, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Asboth thinks Pillow has a force of 6,000 near Paris, Tennessee. He has withdrawn the troops from Fort Heiman to Paducah. The rebels occupied Hickman yesterday, but a force has been sent to dislodge them.

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, July 17, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

Colonel Mundy left here on 12 o'clock boat for Louisville. The Ninth Corps is still at Vicksburg, but is expected here very soon. You can go to Frankfort if you wish. Morgan is at Jackson, and our forces closing on him from all points.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, July 18, 1863.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN, Cowan:

Scouts at Tantalon report some 3,000 rebel cavalry crossing the Tennessee River last night, for the purpose of burning the Crow Creek Bridge below Anderson. Have you any information in regard to such a movement? Answer as soon as possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 18, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Colonel Chapin, Twenty-third Michigan, commands at Carthage. I have added one regiment to the garrison. You left orders to hold the position at all hazards. Morgan is trying to get into West Virginia; would have been caught if the militia were worth a cent. He has been pressed so closely since the moment he crossed the Cumberland that all the damage he could do would scarcely exceed that made by a good-sized Thomas cat, dragged by the tail.

What enterprise is contemplated toward Kingston? Please send me, in cipher, as much of your plans and progress as is safe. The contemplated raid here may be for the harvest, and may have a political object; the election soon takes place.

Nearly all my mounted force and some of my infantry are in Ohio; will soon be back. Where are you?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

