HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Winchester, Tenn., July 18, 1863 - 11 p. m.

Major-General STANLEY, Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: The following dispatch has been received by me from General Rosecrans:

Scouts at Tantalon report some 3,000 rebel cavalry crossing the Tennessee River last night for the purpose of burning the Crow Creek Bridge. If such is the case, you had better send messenger to Stanley to collect some of his forces and smash the force.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

I send you this telegram so that you can be on your guard for the raid. You are a long way off from the road, and I have sent word to Sheridan to push down to the bridges, and save them.

Notice the telegraph report that Hatch has driven Biffle's men across Tennessee River, at what point not stated.

I send you some late papers.

A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 18, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

A dispatch from the Secretary of War, on the 8th instant, stated that the Ninth Corps would be returned to this department immediately, but nothing has been heard of it yet. Have any orders been given for its return? Please answer.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, KY., July 19, 1863 - 12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel G. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have received positive information that there are two brigades, consisting of cavalry and infantry, 4,000 strong, in Cumberland and Overton Counties, one under command of Colonel Botts [?], the other commanded by Colonel Manson [?], of a Louisiana regiment, the whole force under command of General Pegram. From the manner in which he is scouting, I suspect he proposes going through Russell County, and, if possible, assist Morgan in his escape. All of his soldiers have been ordered to report to him by the 21st. This last received by prisoners.

I shall mount one company of my regiment; I can then turn out 300 cavalry. I understand there are two infantry regiments, under Colonel Hobson, at Cave City. If I can have one of them, I can drive my cavalry into Overton County. If necessary, I can mount 100 more men.

Respectfully,

S. HARNEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

DECHERD, July 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff:

General Sheridan went within 5 miles of Bridgeport to-day with the construction train. He hears of no enemy on this side of river. Bragg

