
Orders, Numbers 37, from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, and that he will report the name of any officer for dismissal from the service in disgrace whom he may find incapable of preserving order and discipline in his command. General Orders, Nos. 28 and 33, current series, from these headquarters, provide the means of a prompt enforcement of discipline.

II. All officers and soldiers cognizant of these or other like offenses against good order and military discipline, are ordered, and all citizens are requested, to report the cases within their knowledge, as soon after their commission as possible, to the nearest military commander or provost-marshal, and also in writing to these headquarters, naming or describing the individuals, time, place, and circumstances, with name and residence of the person aggrieved, as definitely as possible, to the end that restitution may be enforced from the guilty parties, and the honor of the army vindicated.

III. Military commanders will communicate this order to every commissioned officer within their respective commands, and in the State of Kentucky to the civil authorities.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Tullahoma, Tenn., July 21, 1863.

Numbers 169. I. A depot of supplies for this department will be established at Nashville, under direction of Captain H. C. Hodges, assistant quartermaster.

II. The following official assignments are announced: Captain S. Perkins, jr., assistant quartermaster, river, rail, and city transportation; Lieutenant C. H. Irvin, Ninth Michigan Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, means of transportation and quartermaster's stores; Captain J. D. Stubbs, assistant quartermaster, quarters, issues to hospitals, fuel, and forage; Captain T. J. Cox, assistant quartermaster, camp and garrison equipage, clothing and stationery. Captain W. Mills, Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster, will report for special duty to Captain H. C. Hodges, assistant quartermaster.

III. Requisitions made on the depot must be supervised and approved by division and corps commanders, or commanders of posts and detached forces.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLINTON, July 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH:

My citizen scouts from toward Macedonia have returned. They went through Dresden, near which place they met 80 guerrillas, under Hicks, going toward Feliciana. From secession citizens in Dresden, who gave a clear account of the Union City affair, they learned that 600 of Forrest's and Biffle's men had been about there, about 300 in one party and the balance scattered through the country. These citizens were sure that there were no troops at Macedonia, and that Pilloww is not in West Tennessee, and has not been. On account of guerrillas, they were afraid to go on toward Macedonia. They returned near Trenton, where they

