
learned that 300 of Biffle's men had gone, with the intention of crossing the Tennessee at some of the lower ferries and getting to Bragg's army. This must be the same party reported at Dresden, and the same reported last night by Lieutenant Ambrose. In addition to this, they heard of 120 men who had gone in the same direction.

The country is full of guerrillas and conscripting parties. These men bring the same report of the Jackson fight that you received from Memphis. Their account seems intelligent and coherent. They could hear of no artillery or infantry. I think that the whole force of the enemy in the district - guerrillas and all - is less than 1,000. My pickets about Union City and Hickman had not met with any adventures up to noon to-day.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I beg leave to report that, acting upon information just received, I start to-morrow morning a combined force toward the Tennessee River, via Paris, Tenn., to operate on the flank of the retreating rebel forces under Biffle and others. I respectfully request that the general commanding corps order, should he deem it proper or necessary to do so, a movement from the Tennessee and Mississippi State line, to co-operate with my troops.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH.

CINCINNATI, July 21, 1863.

General ROSECRANS:

Information is constantly coming confirmatory of the rebel design to invade Kentucky about the time of the election. Buckner can concentrate 20,000 men at Knoxville in a short time. Whether an infantry and cavalry invasion is contemplated, or only a cavalry raid, is not known; if the former, our forces are so dispersed that we could not immediately make head against a very large force. They are over the whole State of Kentucky, with an entire division in Ohio, much jaded, and still after Morgan's remnant of force (about 500 men). If you can occupy Buckner's and Forrest's attention immediately, and disarrange their plans, it would clearly be of much benefit to us and for the general good. Can you do so? Please answer soon as possible.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 21, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Nashville:

How much cavalry can Forrest raise for his cavalry raid? Where is he now, and where will he cross the Cumberland?

In the absence of facts, please give your opinion on the above points, and answer as soon as you conveniently can.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

