
the rebels. Cars are running over the Strawberry Plains bridge-trestle. I want about 300 cavalry horses. Have you received my communication concerning General Turchin?

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Winchester, Tenn., July 22, 1863.

Numbers 171. Transportation shall be assigned to infantry regiments as follows: One wagon for the field and staff, one to the medical department, one to the quartermaster's department, and one to every seventy-five company officers and enlisted men.

Regiments will carry, in addition to the necessary baggage, the prescribed amount of ammunition, and ten days' rations and forage.

A supply train will be organized from the remaining transportation for each division, and corps commanders will hold division commanders responsible for the good condition, efficiency, and management of their trains.

Division supply trains will be habitually divided into two equal detachments, one to go to the depot while the other is returning.

Divisions will keep ten days' rations and forage on hand.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp; C.,Columbus, Ky., July 22, 1863.

Instructions to Colonel George E. Waring, jr., commanding expedition.

It having been reported that the rebel forces under Biffle and Forrest are moving, in parties of from 150 to 300 men (in all not over 1,000), from the Mobile and Ohio Railroad toward the Tennessee River, and that the whole country along the Kentucky and Tennessee State line is full of guerrillas and conscripting parties, impressing and robbing Union citizens, a combined movement of troops from Clinton and Paducah was ordered by Section 3, Special Orders, Numbers 181, under your immediate command. The object of the expedition is to prevent these rebel forces from uniting at and taking possession of Fort Heiman; to preclude their recrossing the Tennessee River; to harass, rout, and capture them; to stop all rebel conscripting and organizing within the District of Columbus, and arrest those marauders who infest the country and oppress loyal men.

You will endeavor to accomplish these objects, as far as possible using the precautions dictated by military prudence in the face of the enemy, surrounded by a population generally sympathizing with the rebellion; and, holding your command well in hand, you will protect your artillery and transportation on the march as well as in camp. Making proper selections of camps, you will not allow either officers or men to occupy houses. Permit no pillaging or excesses upon persons or property, but treat with severity all rebel sympathizers. Use every means to gather reliable information regarding the whereabouts of the enemy, his force and plans. Upon such information decide your movements.

