
Make arrangements at Mayfield to secure prompt communication with Paducah by railroad, and directly with Columbus by messengers. Do not carry prisoners with you, but send them by railroad to Paducah.

On the 25th instant a boat will arrive at or near Fort Heiman, with a supply of rations and forage for your entire command.

Major-General Hurlbut, commanding corps, was requested to order an adequate force from the Mississippi State line to co-operate with yours; you will not, however, depend upon its assistance, and will not move south of Paris, Tenn., unless in connection with the force above referred to.

Be prompt and energetic in all your movements, deceive the people and the enemy as to your intentions, accomplish as much as possible, and return without unnecessary delay.

ASBOTH.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 22, 1863.

Fleet Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Naval Station, Cairo, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: Having ordered a combined force to proceed to-morrow morning toward the Tennessee River, and in the direction of Fort Heiman, I respectfully request your co-operation to prevent the recrossing and escape of the rebels.

I have ordered Colonel Martin at Paducah to send a boat with supplies for the troops, to arrive at or near Fort Heiman on 25th instant, and would ask that a gunboat may protect the steamer while delivering the stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[ASBOTH.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 23, 1863 - 3 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Army of the Cumberland:

Telegraph the position of your army, and what is known of Bragg's present position.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, July 23, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Will you please telegraph me your latest and fullest news from Chattanooga and the enemy's position?

Have been waiting for Stanley's report. Have been very busy straightening matters.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

DECHERD, July 23, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

Statement of W. B. Field.

Tuesday, July 21 - Left home, near Decherd, and went to Altamont, across the Sequatchie Valley; crossed Waldron's Ridge, thence to Chattanooga.

