
cavalry are after him in hot chase. I am confidently expecting to hear of his capture; the whole force is broken up and annihilate.d The prisoners are now coming in, both men and officers.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 24, 1863-Noon.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

You have not yet replied to my dispatch in regard to your movements toward East Tennessee. You will immediately report the position and numbers of your troops organized for that object. There must be no further delay in this movement. It must be pushed forward immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, July 24, 1863-3 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. You have not answered my dispatch of July 18, in reference to the Ninth Corps. The Secretary of War telegraphed me after the fall of Vicksburg that they were ordered to return here at once, and I have counted upon them. All my available cavalry have been after Morgan. Rosecrans' line of railroad has to be guarded as well as the line of the Cumberland to its mouth, and the whole of the Eastern Kentucky line. A large number of mounted troops are necessary to guard out trains and keep communication open when we get to East Tennessee. I am not conscious of any unnecessary delay, but feel that I have done everything in my power. I should be glad to be more definitely instructed, if you think the work can be better done. I will report what I propose to do as soon as I get all my cavalry started back. There are about 6,000 troops ready to start, and will start very soon. A very great impediment to a movement of this kind has been removed by the destruction of Morgan's force. I hope to finish him up to-day or to-morrow.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 24, 1863.

Hon WILLIAM KAYE, Mayor of Louisville:

SIR: As I am overrun with applications from the poor wives and children of soldier snow in the field, serving the Government, for assistance to keep them from starving, I deem it my duty to call your attention and that of the city council to the fact. You must consider that the prices of provisions and fuel are much enhanced, while the soldier's pay remains stationary at $13 per month, so that many of these honest, poor people are forced by pinching necessity to ask for charity. I am now issuing Government rations, without orders, at my personal, risk, to many families, who would otherwise starve. And certainly a great city like Louisville could, with little effort, raise a fund for the support

