
supplies will be found abundant in the valley, if the enemy is not allowed time to take them away; and, moreover, that there is a large loyal population ready to declare for the Union. The President has repeatedly promised these people relief, and has repeatedly and repeatedly urged that forces for this purpose be pushed forward. The pressure for this movement at this time is so strong that neither you nor I can resist it. Unless it is made while Grant's army occupies Johnston, there probably will not be another opportunity this year.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, TENN., July 25, 1863-9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch received. All is very good. Your views accord with my own. All your suggestions about baggage and rations have been anticipated and carried out from the energy of which we are capable. We never think of moving with any but the minimum baggage, nor of taking anything but essential parts of rations; but to move our troops beyond our means of supply would but break down and disable both men and horses without results. This, I am sure, you do not desire. Any disappointment that my be left at the apparent slowness of our movements would be readily removed by a knowledge of the obstacles and a true military appreciation of the advantages of not moving prematurely. I confess I should like to avoid such remarks and letters as I am receiving lately from Washington, if I could do so without injury to the public service. You will, I think, find the officers of this army as anxious for success, and as willing to exert themselves to secure it, as any member of the Government can be. As to subsistence being drawn from the country over which we are to travel to Chattanooga, it was always barren-with but few fertile spots. Those spots have been gleaned and scraped by rebels with a powerful cavalry force ever since last winter. We shall get some hay and cattle in the region of Fayetteville, Huntsville, and south of there-none south or east of us. We shall move promptly, and endeavor not to go back. What movements of General Grant will affect us?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C., July 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Nashville:

GENERAL: I perceive from the tone of your dispatch to-day that you are displeased at my urging you to move forward your army against Bragg. In other words, general, while I am blamed here for not urging you forward more rapidly, you are displeased at my doing so. Whatever I have written or telegraphed to you on this subject has been from motives of kindness and friendship. It was my only desire to impress upon you the wishes and expectations of the Government, in order that you might be fully acquainted with those wishes. Having now explained to you frankly that you can have no possible grounds

