
Bragg and his entire army is in and about Chattanooga. He is fortifying all the surrounding points in and about that city. General Hardee and personal staff was ordered some time ago to report to General Johnston. General A. P. [D. H.] Hill has taken command of Hardee's corps. The pontoon bridge that was at Kelly's Ford is now across the river at Chattanooga, and it is reported that Forrest's command, which was at Waldron's Ridge, north of river has crossed over this bridge to south side, and that Wheeler's force, which was at Trenton, has crossed over to take his place.

The officer has a very accurate sketch of the country between Bridge-port and Chattanooga; also of the river, extending back some considerable distance. I will send you a copy of it. I will also furnish you with a sketch of the different points on which batteries have been erected at Chattanooga. The enemy are fortifying at Knoxville, and Loudon Bridge also.

Bragg's map, now being made, embraces the following points: Chattanooga, Atlanta, Montgomery, Tuscaloosa, Decatur, bounded north by the Tennessee River. I will increase my force at Stevenson and Anderson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, TENN., July 25, 1863.

Colonel LONG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry:

Major-General Sanely directs that you immediately move your command to this place, and occupy it until further orders, and directs you to send the battalion of the Fourth Regulars now in your command to report forthwith to their regiment at Salem. I am ordered with my command to Salem, to intercept General Forrest some place this did of the Tennessee River. I will march at 3 a. m. to-morrow. I have ordered the colonel of the First Ohio to remain here in possession of the town until you arrive, with his regiment and detachment belonging to the different regiments of your command, numbering near 300. I think it advisable for you to move early in the morning for this point direct. Your provision train awaits your arrival here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, July 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

In anticipation of Forrest's move, I have ordered Mitchell to Salme and Long to Fayetteville. Will start at once to Nashville. Any orders you have please send to Major Sinclair, at Winchester. Have ordered Mitchell to take command of all the cavalry. Bragg occupies the railroad all the way to Atlanta.

No word from Long yet. Have cavalry hunting bushwhacker son Elk River.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

