
WINCHESTER, July 25, 1863.

General GARFIELD:

Citizens on mountains near University say that the enemy is crossing his cavalry on steamboats at Bridgeport, and conscripting all men liable to military duty and all Union men of all ages, and driving off all the stock they can find.

R. S. THOMS,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 174. Winchester, Tenn., July 25, 1863.

I. In order to prevent the disorganization of the army its officers being picked off by the enemy's sharpshooters, the following badges of rank are recommended and permitted to be worn as undress uniform in all portions of this army when serving in the immediate vicinity of the enemy: Officers of all grades are authorized to wear singel-breasted directed in the Army Regulations, for the badges of rank worn on the epaulette. The rectangle of the shoulder-strap being too conspicuous on the field of battle, need not be worn. Second lieutenants will wear a singel bar on the right shoulder only.

II. No private horses will be sent beyond the limits of the department without a special permit from the provost-marshal-general.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 25, 1863-11.20 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Whether the Ninth Corps will be returned to your department or sent to General Rosecrans will depend upon the enemy's movements. General Rosecrans' advance will force Bragg to withdraw the rebel troops from East Tennessee. This is the time for your troops to advance and occupy that country, where, it is said, there are thousands ready to join our ranks. The present opportunity must not be lost. The column must be immediately organized and moved forward. It must not be stopped or called back by petty raids. The militia and Home Guards must take care of these raids.

Telegraph where the 6,000 troops for East Tennessee now are, and how you intend to move them. I wish these particulars, as there must be a concert of action with other forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

COLUMBUS, KY., July 25, 1863.

Fleet Captain A. M. PENNOCK,

Commanding Naval Station, Cairo, Ill.:

On the 22nd instant I had the honor of addressing you as follows:

Having ordered a combined force to proceed to-morrow morning toward the Tennessee River and in the direction of Fort Heiman, I respectfully request your co-operation

