
to prevent the recrossing and escape of the rebels. I have ordered Colonel Martin, at Paducah, to send a boat with supplies for the troops, to arrive at or near Fort Heiman on 25th instant, and would ask that a gunboat may protect the steamer while delivering the stores.

Colonel Martin, acting upon my orders, telegraphs as follows, just received:

My transports, with commissary stores and forage, are held by gunboat officers, who refuse to allow them to proceed or to convoy them. I have telegraphed Commander Pennock, and no answer. The gunboat has fired on the steamer loaded with Government stores. Shall I turn the guns in the fort on the gunboat for further interference? I have communicated your orders to Commander Pennock and officer commanding gunboat.

Please send proper order, without delay, to prevent further trouble and detention, and secure the safe delivery of the stores to the troops at or near Fort Heiman, as they are in need of them.

[ASBOTH.]

CAIRO, ILL., July 25, 1863.

Hon GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Captain [Matthew R.] Kintzing, commanding United States marines at this place, has handed me a telegram from Colonel [John] Harris, commandant of Marine Corps, directing him to send to New York, by order of the Navy Department, Lieutenant [Richard S.] Collum, 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 45 privates. Twelve privates are now detailed to go to the fleet by order of Commodore Porter, which will leave us but 5 privates for guard duty here. The condition of affairs in this vicinity renders it necessary that a struck guard should be kept night and day over the public property. We have no less than seven marine posts, in addition to which the powder-boats and public property at Mound City are guarded by volunteers from the army. The commanding general here informs me that he has but 406 men for the protection of this place and Mound City. The commanding general cannot furnish me with more men without detriment to his branch of the service. No trains leave here before 1 p. m. to-morrow, before which time I respectfully request an answer.

A. M. PENNOC,

Fleet Captain and Commander of Station.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, Tenn., July 26, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: When General Rousseau was in Washington last winter, he laid before the War Department the immense advantages of having a large mounted force to operate against the rebels in these regions. He says the plan was looked upon with favor, but as speedy success and efficient service involved the taking of one division of infantry from this army, it was not deemed expedient to order into execution. The losses and delays which have attended the operations of this army since I assumed command have been so frequently presented to you and the War Department, that I deem it proper to merely allude to them, and to say that the increasing area covered by our operations, the extension of our lines of communication, as well as the great advantages to be

