HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 26, 1863.

Colonel WARING, Commanding Expedition:

COLONEL: General Hurlbut writes, under date of 25th instant, as follows:

Baffle, Forrest, [A. N.] Wilson, and [John F.] Nesom have crossed the Tennessee River at three points below Swallow Bluff, and are going to Jackson. General Dodge has ordered one brigade at La Grang and one from Corinth to go after them

As the strength of these three additional rebel forces is not given, and as possibility exists that all or some portion of them amy move in a northerly direction,with a view of cutting off any of our forces smaller than their won, it seems advisable to move your command forthwith to Feliciana, from whence you can move safely, and more effectively co-operate with General Dodge's above-mentioned forces; and at Feliciana, having railroad communication with Paducah, you can return Colonel Martin's troops promptly to him, should the rebels move on Paducah, and operating yourself on their flank or rear as they move.

[ASBOTH.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 27, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Let me explain. In General Grant's first dispatch after the fall of Vicksburg, he said, among other things, he would send the Ninth Corps to you. Thinking it would be pleasant to you, I asked the Secretary of War to telegraph you the news. For some reasons never mentioned to us by General Grant, they have not been sent, though we have seen outside intimations that they took part in the expedition against Jackson. General Grant is a copious worker and fighter, but a very meager writer or telegrapher. No doubt he changed his purpose in regard to the Ninth Corps for some sufficient reason, but has forgotten to notify us of it.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DISTRICT OR KENTUCKY,Catlettsburg, July 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the force of the enemy which recently came into the State through Pound Gap has retired to the vicinity of the State line, except some small parties f marauders who are being looked after by Colonel Cameron, commanding the brigade composed of the troops in this district.

The Ninety-first Ohio Infantry, which had proceeded as far as Louisa, and which I proposed to open communication with and join Colonel Cameron, has been returned to this place, and will proceed to the Kanawha to join the command to which belongs.

The dispatches which I have lately received from Colonel Cameron, as well as my own observation of the upper country, show conclusively that our animals cannot be subsisted above Louisa, to which point forage can be boated. I have, therefore, directed him to return to that point, and make it the base of future operations. I have formerly kept the

36 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

