
district clear from that point, and it can be done hereafter. As a line for aggressive operations (that is, into Virginia), it is wholly unavailable. From Louisa up, the country will furnish no forage till after corn is ripe, and no hay then. The road sabre impracticable for field transportation. I presume] are not 10 wagons owned or used by farmers between Louisa and the Cumberland Mountains, and never have been. Our horses are very much reduced by the recent expedition, and, as before stated, their removal to a point where they could be subsisted has become a necessity.

Colonel Cameron has information that leads him to believe the enemy will soon invade this part of the State in considerable force. I think not, but if he does, he will, as in all cases heretofore, be the loser, on account of the impossibility of subsisting any considerable force except by dispersing it over the country, and not long them. If he divides his strength, he will be easily broken up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I inclose copies of Colonel Cameron's dispatches, on which I asked for re-enforcements to maintain supply.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,Mouth of Beaver, Ky., July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding 4th Division, 23rd Army Corps, Catlettsburg, Ky.:

GENERAL: The enemy occupied Pikeville last night. We shall probably be attacked to-day. I will make as determined a stand as can be made. You know how we acre situated. If cut off, I must rely on your operating on the enemy's rear. It is said that a force has been sent down below, to intercept supplies. The strength of the enemy is probably about 2,500.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,Mouth of Beaver, Ky., July 21, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding 4th Division, 23rd Army Corps, Catlettsburg, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have been out with a mounted force, and have gathered that I consider to be reliable information. The enemy, a part of Preston's forces, have come through Pound Gap. This force is, I have strong grounds for believing, not over 500 strong. Majors Smith, Collins, and others are also in the neighborhood. I do not think that, all told, the enemy has more than 1,000 men. I have no apprehension for our safety here. I do feel uneasy about Louisa and supplies such force as may intercept them, I left too weak. If I do not, they may be captured. Last evening a party of rebels rode into Pikeville, but, hearing of our immediate proximity, moved outside. Our scouts report that they had left by 4 this morning. They may

possibly be on the John's Creek route.

