
If you will see to the safety of Louisa, I will take care of this force. I have no doubt, from all I can learn, that the whole force of the enemy is about to be thrown into this country; in that case I would strongly urge that Louisa be made the base. We cannot subsist our horses at this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Illinois, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 4TH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS,Mouth of Beaver, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE,

Commanding 4th Division, 23rd Army Corps, Catlettsburg, Ky.:

GENERAL: All is quiet above. [A. J.] May and his command have disappeared more rapidly than thy made their appearance. Leaving here has become a necessity. The boats cannot be here for two days; it is ten days since they left. We have been on half rations of forage, and are now out. We have to-day bought two fields of wheat and fed the horses. The river is very high-higher than it has been since I have been in Sandy Valley. We have had a rave constructed for crossing, and I will encamp to-morrow night at Prestonburg, or in some suitable place where forage can be obtained. Our horses are in a very reduced condition, and we will move very slowly. If it is your wish, we will stay at some suitable point on the river; if not, we will go on to Louisa. The boats have on board about four and half day's rations of forage-little more than enough to last until their return to Louisa-and then we will again be on our beam-ends for the horses. If the remnant of Morgan's men should come within striking distance, we will endeavor to use them up.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON,

Colonel Sixty-fifth Illinois, Commanding.

CINCINNATI, July 27, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

Send word to Sanders to hurry up in the rear of the enemy immediately. I have just instructed Colonel Young to hold his position at all hazard till Sanders arrives.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

MURPAY, VIA PADUCAH, July 27, 1863.

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have my rations, and three gunboats are co-operating with me on the Tennessee River. It is reported that 1,000 men are marching north from Corinth. In this view everything looks favorable. On the other hand, the reports concerning the rebels are very unsatisfactory. From information received yesterday, I am satisfied that there are not 200 of them in any one neighborhood, and that with my force I cannot hope to find them.

GEORGE E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

