
from Danville. Enemy is reported about 2,000 strong, with seven pieces of artillery; among them the two pieces you abandoned. Your force will be stronger. Use your best direction, and whip the enemy just as soon as possible. Danville force will come by way of Lancaster; Camp Nelson by way of Nicholasville. If you move toward Big Hill, you can turn Danville force to meet you. If the enemy has not appeared, ascetain his whereabouts, and move to meet him as soon as your troops arrive. Report frequently.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF.

[JULY 28, 1863.-For General Orders, Numbers 175, Department of the Cumberland (misplaced), see p. 184.]

NASHVILLE, July 29, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

A dispatch from General Palmer indicates that Forrest is moving up the Sequatchie Valley, intending probably to assist in the Kentucky raid. The general commanding directs you to hold Wilder's brigade in readiness for any emergencies.

J. A. GARFIELD.

WINCHESTER, TENN., July 29, 1863.

General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff, Nashville, Tenn.:

General Sheridan reports that Colonel Laiboldt reached Bridgeport this a. m. at 6 o'clock. Saw rebel pickets on the other side, who fired on his me, but were driven off by our sharpshooters. They took refuge in the middle bridge and a house, but a few shells drove them out and scared off a locomotive just arriving on the opposite side. The machinery of a large steam mill has been taken apart and carried to the river, is if for shipment on their boat. Left a force to guard the bridge. Colonel Bradley's brigade will reach there to-morrow.

W. M. FARRAR.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD, Chief of Staff, Nashville:

I have directed the occupation of Bridgeport by six regiments of my division and one battery. I will move the headquarters of the division to Stevenson as soon as the party now working the Crow Creek road get it in condition to pass wagons and artillery over, after which I can send two more regiments to Bridgeport.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Winchester, July 29, 1863.

General D. S. STANLEY, Nashville:

Orders sen to Mitchell and Minty, according to your dispatch. You say, "Order them to move to Winchester; prepare five days' rations, to

