
move against Forrest at Sparta." Will they move as soon as rations are prepared, or will you send an order when to move? I sent Mitchell a copy of the dispatch. Turchin was relieved this morning. Good!

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Winchester, July 29, 1863.

Colonel BRADLEY, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that, on the arrival of your command at Bridgeport, you will take up a position where your artillery will command the remaining portion of the bridge, and, if possible, that you will prevent the enemy from removing or destroying it. Colonel Laiboldt is ordered to send you two regiments of his brigade, which will make your command six regiments. The general wishes you to reach Bridgeport to-morrow, if possible. Colonel Ray will be instructed to report to you with his cavalry, which you will keep in hand, and not allow them to go about the country of fruitless expeditions.

The telegraph operator will be directed to open an office at Bridgeport as soon as you get established there. You may, perhaps, find the works erected there by the enemy of some advantage to you; if not, the general desires you to erect such as may deem necessary for your safety.

The headquarters of the division will be moved to Stevenson, and two regiments of the First Brigade will be added to the Bridgeport force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. P. THRUSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MOUNT VERNON, KY., July 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRAKE:

Scott's, [James O.] Nixon's, Ashby's, [W. P.] Owen's, [G. W.] McKenzie's, and [C. T.] Goode's, and part of the Fifth North Carolina Cavalry [Battalion], six pieces of artillery, and not over 2,000, all told, and mounted, are all that passed London, and no more coming, from the best information we can get. I saw a man whom I know to be a Union man who corroborates the above, and also states that he was in Tennessee when Scott started, and that he did not have over 1,600 men, and that there are from 500 to 800 men at each gap-Cumberland and Big Creek-all infantry, and that Buckner went from Knoxville to Chattanooga, and did not leave more than 1,000 men at Knoxville. This I believe to be true. Carter is at Cumberland Gap, with about 400 cavalry.

J. W. MCKEE.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 30, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 29th instant, with copy of Brigadier-General Dodge's telegram.

