
being returned by those who remain at home to guard their own property and watch these oppressed men.

The remedy for this state of affairs appears very simple: Despoil the rebels as the rebel army has despoiled the Union men. Send the rebels out of the country, and make safe room for the return of loyal men. Let these loyal men feel that the country is once in their possession instead of being possessed by their oppressors. Aid them in its possession for awhile, and they will soon acquire confidence sufficient to hold it.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT, Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 11, 1863.

Respectfully referred for the consideration of the Government.

This report exhibits a state of affairs by no means peculiar to Tennessee. The State of Kentucky is in the same condition. The question is what policy to adopt - the conciliatory or the rigid. The conciliatory has failed, and however much we may regret the necessity, we shall be compelled to send disloyal people of all ages and sexes to the south, or beyond our lines. Secessionist has so degraded their sense of honor that it is next to impossible to find one tinctured with it who can be trusted.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 18, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information and consideration of the War Department.*

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 11, 1863 - 4.20 p. m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The enemy will direct all its operations to interrupt our connection. To prevent this it is absolutely necessary to patrol the rivers. Information in possession of the commanding general and post commanders must be promptly acted upon. It is, therefore, absolutely necessary to have the gunboats which co-operate in that work directed to report to, and receive instructions from, the general commanding, or, in his absence, the commanders along the river districts. The officers commanding gunboats express a willingness to co-operate with the department, but in order to make their aid effective and prompt, such arrangements should be made.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Haleck to Rosecrans, March 5, p. 107.

---------------

