
[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 159. Memphis, Tenn., July 14, 1863.

In so much of the State of Kentucky as is within the District of Columbus it is ordered:

1st. That no person be permitted to be candidate for office who is not avowedly and unconditionally for the Union and the suppression of the rebellion.

2nd. That no person shall exercise the privilege of an elector and vote at said elections who is not avowedly and unconditionally for the Union and the suppression of the rebellion.

3rd. The military authorities ins aid District of Columbus will see to it that this order be carried out. Judges of elections will be governed by the principles herein set forth, and will demand evidence upon of has in such cases as may be in doubt, and allow no person to exercise the franchise of voting who does no take the oath required.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS, SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS.

Columbus, Ky., July 15, 1863.

The above orders of the general commanding corps are communicated to the civil and military authorities for their information. Military officers making arrests for violation of these orders will be governed by the circular from office of Commissary-General of Prisoners, dated Washington, May 11, 1863.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. 6TH DIV., SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 47. Columbus, Ky., July 29, 1863.

That no further doubt may exist as to the intent and meaning of Special Orders, Numbers 159, dated Headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, July 14, 1863, it is ordered that no person shall be permitted to be voted for or be a candidate for office who has been or is now under arrest or bonds, by proper authority, for uttering disloyal language or sentiments. County judges within this district are hereby ordered to appoint as judges and clerks of the ensuing August election only such persons as are avowedly and unconditionally for the Union and the suppression of the rebellion, had are further ordered to revoke and recall any appointments of judges and clerks already made who are not such loyal persons.

Judges and clerks of elections are hereby ordered not of place the name of any person upon the poll-books to be voted for at said election who is not avowedly and unconditionally for the Union and the suppression of the rebellion, or who may be opposed to furnishing men and money for the suppression of the rebellion.

The following oath is prescribed, and will be administered by judges

