
of elections to voters and to such candidates as reside within this district:

I do solemnly swear that I have never entered the service of the so-called Confederate States; that I have not been engaged in the service of the so-called provisional government of Kentucky, either in a civil or military capacity; that I have never, either directly or indirectly, aided the rebellion against the Government of the United States or the State of Kentucky; that I am unconditionally for the Union and the suppression of the rebellion, and am wiling to furnish men and money for the vigorous prosecution of the war against the rebellious league known as the Confederate States. So help me God.

Any voter, judge or clerk of election, or other person, who may evade, neglect, or refuse compliance with the provisions of this order, will be arrested and sent before a military commission as soon as the facts are substantiated.

By order of Brigadier-General Asboth:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, July 30, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

A battery of artillery and two train-loads of cavalry are between Falmouth and Cynthiana. I think it will be well to let them go on to Nicholasville, to go from ther to Richmond or Hickman Bridge, as you may like. What have you done with Gilbert's cavalry? The cavalry that is on its way is part of Wolford's brigade. The Forty-fifth Ohio belongs to the same brigade, and has just arrived at Paris. Will it not be well to order it to Nicholasville also, or do you think it would be better for the whole force to get off the train at Paris, and amove toward Irvine? I don't think they can overtake Sanders, but by making a junction with Gilbert's cavalry at Richmond, or near there, they can, with the battery, keep the enemy from coming on the Big Hill road from Irvine. Colonel Ross might march direct from Paris to Richmond at his leisure, and meet Wolford's and Gilbert's cavalry there. Answer.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, July 31, 1863.

(Received August 1.)

General BURNSIDE:

Will your Ninth Corps come up soon? You must try to let me have my cavalry regiment soon. The post at Clarksville is now without cavalry. The Second Ohio Cavalry was stopped for temporary purposes while on its way here. Telegraph line is now lengthening out, and I hope soon to compel the evacuation of East Tennessee. What can you do toward aiding and occupying it?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, July 31, 1863.

General HARTSUFF:

You send Fifth Indiana to Columbia, with scouts in the direction of Burkesville and Jamestown. You will hardly be able to get Wolford

