
These are the conditions of the first problem. The preliminaries to its successful solution are, first, to open the railroad, establish and provide for guarding depots at the nearest accessible points, and, secondly, to provide means of crossing the river and maintain communication over it. To these ends every effort is now being bent. Rest assured these things would have to be done by any commander, and I think we are doing them as rapidly a sour means will admit.

Very truly, yours,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, Tenn., August 1, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES A. GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My chief of scouts, Dr. J. D. Hale, reports as follows:

Morgan's forces consisted of seven regiments, of 400 each. Breckinridge is now with Forrest or Wheeler. General Morgan could not have crossed the river with over 2,000 men. The balance of his force was composed of Kentucky, Indiana, or Ohio Copperheads, who enlisted for the trip.

General Wheeler had not over 8,000 men when we advanced on Shelbyville, including General Forrest's command. Bragg's forces much overrated; he never had 30,000 infantry since the Stone's River fight. When he evacuated Tullahoma, he had 20,000 infantry and 6,000 or 8,000 cavalry, not more.

Rebel regiments seldom average 300; batteries, 50 to 80 men. Have one hundred and fifty guns; and, if so, Mr. Lamon says they are neither at Chattanooga nor have been sent up the Tennessee Valley; they must have been taken south.

They could not have sen over a division to Johnston, by all accounts. A great many of Morgan's men were never mustered into the regular Confederate service.

Wheat crop in Tennessee Valley threatened to be much damaged from neglect. Wheat crop in Tennessee Valley threatened to be much damaged from neglect.

Colonel Wilder missed a figure when he burned the bridge at McMinnville.

Two German refugees, who came in this morning, report that Forrest crossed the Tennessee River on Sunday, with 3,000 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. H. THOMAS,]

Major-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 177. Winchester, Tenn., August 1, 1863.

I. The flags prescribed for the Fourteenth Army Corps by General Orders, Numbers 91, current series, from these headquarters, having been made of dark blue instead of bright blue material, it has been found necessary to change the stars designating the different divisions from black to white to black. General Orders, Numbers 91, are amended accordingly.

II. A new corps having been created in this department, known as the Reserve Corps, the following-described flags will be used to designate the headquarters of the corps and its various divisions and brigades:

Headquarters Reserve Corps.-A bright red, white, and blue flag (diagonal), red uppermost, 6 feet by 4, fringed with yellow. A circle of light blue in the center, containing a five-pointed golden star, partially covered by an eagle perched upon a shield, upon which is emblazoned the stars and stripes. In the upper right and lower left hand corners appear the letters R. C., in gold and red.

