
First Division Reserve Corps.-A bright red and blue flag, 3 feet on the staff and 4 1/2 feet fly, running to a point at the fly, with a white crescent in the center, points toward staff.

Second Division Reserve Corps.-The same as First Division, except there shall be two white crescents, placed perpendicularly one above the other.

Third Division Reserve Corps.-Same as for First Division, except there shall be three white crescents, placed in a triangle, the base parallel to the staff.

The flags of brigades will be the flags of their divisions, with the addition of a figure in white, equidistant from the staff and the crescent, to de not the number of the brigade.

Artillery of Reserve Corps.-Each battery serving with the Reserve Corps shall have a bright red, white, and blue flag (diagonal), 1 1/2 feet ont he staff by 2 feet fly, red uppermost, with the name of the battery in black letters on the white stripe.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 2nd DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Decherd, August 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: On the 20th of June I received leave of absence, on surgeon's certificate, for twenty days. I was than very sick-not able to sit up for more than five minutes at a time. I went to my home in Ohio, all the way on my bed, and continued in that condition for some days after my arrival home, when i became gradually better, and soon my fever left me, but left me very weak and much reduced in flesh. Before my leave expired, feeling that I would be utterly unable to return on time, and being assured by my attending physician that if I attempted to do so it would almost certainly bring on a relapse, and probably endanger my life, I procured his certificate and see tit to you by mail. He certified that I would not be able for duty in a less period than thirty days. In forwarding that, I expressed my belief, however, that i would be able to return in ten days. Before the time fixed upon, however, and before I was able for duty, John [H.] Morgan, with his command, was hading for that part of the State where I lived, and a large number of undisciplined militia were called out by the Governor to repel the invasion. They were without officers of experience, and I felt it to be my duty to aid to the extent of my power, however unpleasant the change might be from the charge of my noble brigade to association to do anything I could, and he immediately telegraphed to me, gladly accepting my services, and also telegraphed to Major-General Rosecrans as follows, under date of July 18:

I have pressed Colonel Stanley, of the Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, into State service for a days, to help catch Morgan. Please excuse him.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

I reported to Colonel Runkle (who had been placed in command of a division of militia) for duty, I think, was of essential service, not

