
in the way of fighting, for we had none of that to do, but in other duties which were intrusted to me. As soon as the chase was over, I left home for my command, and on yesterday arrived at my post, right glad against o meet those who so heartily rejoice again to meet me. I am not yet fully restored to health, but have resumed command, and believe that I shall be able henceforward to discharge all my duties. I should have reported here for duty ten days since, had it not been for Morgan, but in that I did what I believed, and still believe, General Rosecrans would approve. There was no time to correspond; action, prompt action, was wanted.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

T. R. STANELY,

Colonel Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,August 2, 1863.

Lieutenant DENNING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

Your communication of last evening was received at 11 p. m. We have had no firing with the enemy since we came here, and none will be allowed from my men, unless they are annoyed by the rebels.

My instructions from General Sheridan are to place my battery so as to command the bridge on the opposite side, and to protect it. The guns cover it perfectly, but we cannot protect it without taking possession of the island, for the rebels can burn it any night in spite of us.

Respectfully,

L. P. BRADLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Fayetteville, Tenn., August 2, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

My column arrived here at 1 p. m. to-day. The two railroad trains arrived about 6 this evening.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. MCCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., August 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I beg to forward Colonel Waring's report of yesterday from Feliciana.

Mr. [W. F.] Buckner, Board of Trade at Hickman, arrived yesterday morning at 1 o'clock, reporting 40 mounted rebels near the town. I at once sent the steamer Crawford, with two companies of infantry and one company of cavalry, to capture them. After scouting to Troy and Union City, the troops returned to Hickman, and in the evening to Columbus, without meeting any rebel force.

