
For the ensuing election, I have ordered all the support required to enable the judges of elections to prevent any participation or interference by disloyal persons.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 6TH DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS,Camp Gilmore, August 1, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my command encamped one-half mile north of the railroad station at Feliciana.

I have no news of the least consequence, except of a few guerrillas in the neighborhood. I have sent out scouting parties, and have adopted other means of ascertaining the truth of the rumor about Roddey's forces. From my present knowledge, I am of the opinion that no such force has crossed the river.

I have sent a messenger to find Colonel Hatch, and will report the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., August 2, 1863.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD, Commanding Cairo:

GENERAL: The general commanding division directs that you send one discreet, well-posted, and firm commissioned officer, with 10 men, to each of the following voting precincts, with copies of the inclosed Special Orders, Numbers 159,* from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, and General Orders, Nos. 47* and 49,+ from these headquarters, and full instructions to effectually carry out their spirit and letter: McChristian's, Ku.; Thorp's, Ky.; Fort Jefferson, Ky.

It is necessary that the men should be at the polls by 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, and each officer should have the assistance of a well-posted citizen of known loyalty. The general calls your attention to the unofficial but authentic newspaper report of the declaration by Major-General Burnside of martial law over the State of Kentucky on 3rd instant.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 3, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The rebel force under Scott, which I reported having crossed the Kentucky River, are now in full retreat in direction of Somerset, with Colonel Sanders in close pursuit. A great many mules and horses

---------------

*See p. 570.

+See order, without number, on p. 570.

---------------

