
and over 300 prisoners have been captured; among these Colonel [H. M] Ashby. They came into Kentucky to make a diversion in favor of Morgan, and will probably be much damaged before getting out.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

AUGUST 3, 1863.

General HARTSUFF, Lexington, Ky.:

I do not care to have any permanent changes made in the troops now in kentucky, as I propose to move them as soon as possible. Let all the troops that have been on the move be concentrated at Lebanon and Hickman Bridge, and there be fitted out. Have all the cavalry ready to move by Saturday night, and all the deficiencies supplied. I shall organize the main body into a separate command. Only keep enough cavalry at the front to scout the country well to the Cumberland River. The Ninth Corps will be here in a few days, but it is very much reduced in numbers. I want to increase its divisions by adding some new regiments and transferring some of the regiments now in Kentucky. The cavalry is being shipped to Hickman Bridge as fat as it arrives. There are plenty of horses here, if they are needed at Hickman Bridge. I am giving the necessary instructions to the cavalry that are in Ohio.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 3, 1863-5.20 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

You will immediately report the position of your forces.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WINCHESTER, TENN., August 3, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Reserve corps occupies all North Duck River, Donelson, Clarksville, Gallatin, Nashville, Franklin, Shelbyville, and Wartrace. Thomas' corps occupies Cowan University, in vicinity of Decherd. it will occupy Tracy City as soon as the railroad can be used. McCook's advance, one brigade, at Bridgeport, headquarters at Stevenson. One division at Tullahoma and one at Winchester. Crittenden's advance is at Pelham and Hillsborough. One division is at McMinnville, headquarters at Manchester. The First Division of Cavalry at Fayetteville and Salem; one brigade at McMinnville, and one in reserve.

W. S. ROSECRANS.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH CORPS,Columbus, Ky., August 4, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, JR.,

Commanding Brigade, Feliciana, Ky.:

COLONEL: Your report from Feliciana of 3rd instant estimates the rebel forces moving from Huntington toward Trenton and Jackson at

