
1,500 to 2,000 strong, and Colonel Hatch's forces about 2,500 strong, moving west from vicinity of Huntington toward Trenton, in pursuit of the rebel forces. You will, therefore, at once march your command to Union City, informing Colonel Hatch, if possible, accordingly, and act in concert with him, if required, this side of trenton. Meanwhile you will endeavor to immediately clear the country around Union City, Troy, and Hickman of guerrillas and of [R. V.] Richardson's marauding parties, thus securing railroad and telegraphic communication to Columbus and Hickman.

A hand-car is reported to be in the possession of the rebels between Union City and Trenton; endeavor to secure it. A telegraph operator will be ordered at once to Union City. The required forage will be sent by train to-morrow to Union City.

In regard to fresh clothes for officers and men, make your own arrangements; they can be forwarded by train.

Our cavalry at Fort Pillow (five companies of Second Illinois) is directed to start heavy scouting parties toward Dyersburg and Troy on the 6th instant, and prevent any rebel election. Move your cavalry accordingly with the same view, and as far as you can prudently operate. Make it impossible for the rebels to hold the elections in Tennessee alluded to in General Hurlbut's letter, communicated to you on July 30, and numbered 3279.

[ASBOTH.]
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., August 4, 1863.

Colonel E. H. WOLFE,

Commanding Fort Pillow, Tenn.:

COLONEL: The general commanding division that you start heavy cavalry scouting parties at once toward Troy and Dyersburg, to meet our cavalry from Union City, and with orders to so operate at to prevent the holding of the rebel election in Tennessee on Thursday, the 6th instant.

In case the rebels should move in force toward Union City, your cavalry will endeavor to re-enforce our troops at that place, under command of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 4, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Guarding Louisville and Nashville Railroad and Cumberland River west of it, including Henderson and Smithland, 4,000 men; guarding Lebanon branch, 400 men; at Carthage, which really belongs to General Rosecrans, and over which we can exercise no control, 1,700 men; on Big Sandy, 2,100 men; southeast frontier, Booneville, &amp;c., 1,100 men; Covington and Lexington Railroad and provost guards, 1,300 men; Louisville and Frankfort Railroad and provost guards, 550 men; fragments of Tennessee regiments forming at Camp Nelson, 1,100 men. The remainder of the force, about 11,000 men, are concentrating at Lebanon, Stanford, and Glasgow, with outpost on the Cumberland.

