
When Morgan broke through our lines this force occupied Tompkinsville, Somerset, and London. Since then we have taken 4,000 prisoners, and their horses and arms. The regiments have necessarily been much scattered, and it has taken time and labor to concentrate them, some of them having to be brought from Eastern Ohio. If you will contemplate the work done by these men you will realize that they need refilling. By weakening the garrisons, we can move with 12,000 men in a short time, but when we arrive at our destination the enemy's forces can be concentrated against us by railroad with great rapidity; but I shall go as soon as possible. Had our garrisons been less on the railroads, both Morgan and Scott would have broken them. The twelfth Rhode Island has been mustered out, the Twentieth Kentucky captured, and four regiments of cavalry and one f infantry are about to be mustered out. The Ninth Corps not yet arrived from Vicksburg. Will Getty's division be sent to me?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 4, 1863-Noon.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Army of the Cumberland:

Your forces must move forward without further dearly. You will daily report the movement of each corps till you cross the Tennessee River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WINCHESTER, TENN.,

August 4, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch, ordering me to move forward without further delay, reporting the movement of each corps until I cross the Tennessee, is received. As I have been determined to cross the river as soon as practicable, and have been making all preparations, and getting such information as may enable me to do so without being driven back, like Hooker, I wish to know if your order is intended to take away my discretion as to the time and manner of moving my troops?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 5, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Winchester, Tenn.:

The orders for the advance of your army, and that its movements be reported daily, are peremptory.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 123. Cincinnati, Ohio, August 5, 1863.

In accordance with the proclamation of the President of the United States, appointing Thursday, the 6th instant, as a day of thanksgiving

