
for the signal advances made by the Union arms toward the suppression of rebellion, and of prayer that they be continued, to the speedy restoration of peace with a once more united country, the commanding general directs that the day be kept sacred for these purposes by the forces under his command, and, abstaining so far as is practicable from all military business or movements, they observe this day in a manner worthy of the victories that have been granted us and of the cause we have espoused.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Numbers 212. Vicksburg, Miss., August 5, 1863.

* * * *

VII. Brigadier General A. J. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Tenth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, and will proceed without delay to Columbus, Ky., and relieve Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the District of Columbus, reporting to Major General S. A. Hurlubt, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, for further instructions. Brigadier-General Asboth, on being relieved, will report to Major General S. A. Hurlbut for orders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[T. S. BOWERS,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,,

Washington, August 5, 1863-2.20 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

You will immediately move with a column of 12,000 men by the most practicable roads on East Tennessee, making Knoxville or its vicinity your objective point. As soon as the Ninth Corps arrives, it will serve as a reserve, and follow you as rapidly as possible. Getty's division will not join you. You will report by telegraph all the movements of your troops. As soon as you reach East Tennessee, you will endeavor to connect with the forces of General Rosecrans, who has peremptory orders to move forward. The Secretary of War repeats his orders that you move your headquarters from Cincinnati to the field, and take command of the troops in person.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 6, 1863-4.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch is received, and your order will be obeyed, for I had already determined to commence the movement, as you had been informed by my dispatches of July 24 and August 4.

The Secretary of War has never, to my knowledge, ordered me to leave Cincinnati, but I did, without, on the 1st of June, move my headquarters into the field, to accompany a column that I had formed for a movement into East Tennessee; but just as we were ready to start, your

38 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

