HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Fayetteville, Tenn., August 6, 1863.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I received reliable information to-day that 300 of Wheeler's men had crossed the river at the mouth of Limestone Creek and were now occupying Athens, gathering up conscripts, &amp;c. The rebels have a small stern-wheel steamer on the river, and have been using it to tow flats to the neighborhood where they crossed. Colonel Watkins will start to-night with the two regiments of his brigade to Athens, and as Major [J. W.] Stewart, with twelve companies, will be in the vicinity of Huntsville to-day, cutting them off from the Whitesburg pike, I think the colonel with be able to catch them. I hear of no other force having crossed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. MCCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, August 6, 1863.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department:

My operator and repairer at Fort Henry were captured by a dozen rebel guerrillas, who could not have been at that point or have existed near there except by connivance of the citizens. A week since my repairer at Fort Donelson was killed by the same party. I can't keep the lines up unless I am allowed to retaliate, and furnished the force necessary.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. C. VAN DUSER,

Captain and Asst. Supt. U. S. Military Telegraph.

MCMINNVILLE, TENN., August 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD:

I sent to Colonel Minty for report of his expedition to Sparta. He answered that full report had been made and sent to Brigadier-General Crook, commanding Second Cavalry Division, at Winchester. I regret that my programme was not carried out. It can still be done, but Colonel Minty says he cannot possibly move again till he gets forage. Rebel force still at Sparta.

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 18. Lexington, Ky., August 6, 1863.

The troops of the Twenty-third Army Corps are hereby reorganized as follows:

I. The First Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, embracing all troops of the corps not mentioned as assigned to the divisions or brigades hereinafter specified. This division will be composed of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, and will be organized into brigades under the supervision of the division commander, who will submit his proceedings in the case to headquarters of the corps. Its duties will

