
be upon railroads, at post or stations, and at certain places heretofore ordered, or that the exigencies of the service may hereafter render necessary.

The Second Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General M. D. Manson, to comprise two brigades: The First Brigade, under Colonel O. H. Moore, to consist of Twenty-fifth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, One hundred and eighteenth Regiment ohio Volunteers, Eightieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Sixteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, and Elgin (Illinois) Battery. The Second Brigade, under Colonel M. W. Chapin, to consist of Twenty-third Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Thirteenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, and Henshaw's (Illinois) battery.

The Third Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General M. S. Hascall, comprising two brigades: The First Brigade, under Colonel S. A. Gilbert, to consist of Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundredth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Twelfth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Battery D, First Ohio Artillery. The Second Brigade, under Colonel D. Cameron, to consist of Sixty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, and Battery M, First Illinois Artillery.

The Fourth Division (cavalry), to be commanded by Brigadier General S. P. Carter, comprising three brigades: The First Brigade, under Brigadier General Julius White, to consist of First Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Mounted Infantry, One hundred and twelfth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Mounted Infantry, Forty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry, Eighth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, and Fifteenth Indiana Battery. The Second Brigade, under Brigadier General E. H. Hobson, to consist of Fifth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, Sixty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Mounted Infantry, Fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Cavalry, Fourteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, First Battalion Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery. The Third Brigade, under Brigadier General J. M. Shackelford, to consist of Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Mounted Infantry, Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Ninth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Cavalry, Second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and First Tennessee Battery.

Independent Cavalry Brigade, under Colonel F. Wolford, consisting of First Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Twelfth Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, Eleventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Cavalry, and Law's Mountain Howitzer Battery. This brigade will report direct t corps headquarters.

The Reserve Artillery, under the general direction of Captain A. J. Konkle, chief of artillery, will consist of Wilder (Indiana) Battery, Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, and Nineteenth Ohio Battery.

II. The several divisions, the Independent Cavalry Brigade, and the Reserve Artillery will concentrate at the following-named places without delay: The Second Division at or near Lebanon; Third Division at or near Danville; Fourth Cavalry Division at or near Stanford, except the Second Bridge, which will rendezvous at Glasgow; the Independent Cavalry Brigade at Somerset, and the Reserve Artillery at Camp Nelson. The officers designated to command each will take immediate measures to this end; also for placing their respective commands upon a footing for immediate movement.

