
II. All deficiencies in transportation, clothing, camp equipage, arms, ammunition, or equipment will be at once supplied, and all excesses reduced. Sixty rounds of ammunition per man are to be carried in cartridge-boxes and knapsacks, and 100 rounds per man in ammunition train.

IV. Complete lists of staff officers must be forwarded at once to these headquarters; also full rosters of officers of the different commands, giving name, rank, regiment, and date of muster into the service.

V. There will be allowed for the headquarters of each division of infantry, 25 cavalrymen as escort and orderlies; for teach brigade of infantry, 10 cavalrymen for the same duty. Brigadier General S. P. Carter, commanding cavalry division, will make the necessary details.

VI. The trains allowed for the headquarters of divisions, brigades, and regiment will be strictly in accordance with circular of July 25, 1863, from chief quartermaster's office of the corps. Baggage of officers will be reduced to the lowest possible limit, no one being allowed to carry over 30 pounds. Brigade and division inspectors are held responsible for the proper observance of this paragraph.

VII. All officers assigned to command of divisions and brigades, under this organization, and those in command of regiments in it, are imperatively ordered to exert their utmost energy in carrying out the requirements of this order.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 7, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Winchester, Tenn.:

I have communicated to you the wishes of the Government in plain and unequivocal terms. The object has been stated, and you have been directed to lose no time in reaching it. The means you are to employ, and the roads you are to follow, are left to your own discretion. If you wish to promptly carry out the wishes of the Government, you will not stop to discuss mere details. In such matters I do not interfere.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WINCHESTER, TENN., August 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch received. I can only repeat the assurance given before the issue of the order. This army shall move with all the dispatch compatible with the successful execution of our work. We are pressing everything to bring up forage for our animals. The present rolling stock of the road will barely suffice to keep us day by day here, but I have bought fifty more freight-cars, which are arriving. Will advise you daily.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

