
MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 12, 1863 - 11.50 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

There are, in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois alone, some 30,000 men belonging to this army - skulkers, deserters, men absent without leave, men improperly paroled, &amp; c. I desire authority to send officers, both of high and low rank, and, in some cases, eve sergeants, to arrest and collect them, and bring them to duty.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 12, 1863 - 12 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Acting Paymaster-General is trying to take away Major Larned from his necessary duties here. I have no hesitation in saying that it is time the public service ceased to suffer from such whimsical or worse management. There is a screw loose somewhere. Will forward an official statement of more length. My army ought to be paid off while the roads are bad, and I want Major Larned here with all his force. Please order the Acting Paymaster-General not to interfere with this necessary work.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 12, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

The river is safe from cavalry, and probably will be for twenty days. The occupation of Franklin, with the late repulse of Forrest, Wheeler, and others, will keep them away from the river for some days. The land route is good for patrols, but animals coming thus usually get insufficiently fed, and arrive much jaded, and unfit for immediate service. Send by river, if possible.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 12, 1863.

General A. MCD. MCCOOK,

Commanding Twentieth Army Corps:

General Davis, I suppose, will start from Franklin to-day, coming by way of Eagleville. I send you the following for what it is worth:

Mr. Williamson, residing 14 miles on Eagleville pike, vouched for by Mr. Spence, reports 4,000 cavalry and three pieces of artillery. He received the information from Southern soldiers yesterday evening.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. R. THOMPSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

