
nor the Secretary have been satisfied with your long delays. This has been more particularly the case since detachments were sent from Bragg's army to re-enforce Johnston. Since then they have both repeatedly urged me to push your army forward into East Tennessee. They have seen all my dispatches to you and all of yours to me on this subject. In my communications I have in no case exaggerated the feeling of disappointment and dissatisfaction which has been manifested to me.

In your official dispatches, as well as in your private notes, you seem to be laboring under the impression that the authorities here were making war on you. There never was a greater mistake. I know of no one here who has not the kindest and most friendly feelings for you. Nevertheless, many of your dispatches have been exceedingly annoying to the War Department. No doubt such was not your intention, but they certainly have been calculated to convey the impression that you were not disposed to carry out the wishes of the Department, at least in the manner and at the time desired. It is said that you "do not draw straight in the traces, but are continually kicking out or getting one leg over." No one doubts your good intentions and your great interest in the cause, and your desire to secure its success.

I have endeavored in this matter to do my duty fully to you and to the Government, by endeavoring to convey to you the wishes of the Government as expressed to me, and there I must leave the matter.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.

WINCHESTER, August 9, 1863-11.45 p.m. [Received August 10.]

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I will move Crittenden's corps across to the head of Sequatchie, at Dunlap, and the other corps will hug the Tennessee, but the crossing point is not yet determined; the chances are that we shall find below Bridgeport the most favorable. In this case we will demonstrate in your favor on Chattanooga and Harrison's.

Forrest is reported at Kingston, and some considerable infantry force-four regiments-at London Bridge, and four at Strawberry Plains. I favor moving the whole force on Kingston, for, if the operation be continuous and contemporaneous with ours, you can easier break the road up beyond the Salt-Works by the valley with any needful force. We begin to move to-morrow, but will have some delay for forage. Will advise you further before you are ready to move.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

No. 127. Cincinnati, Ohio, August 9, 1863.

Brigadier General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby appointed chief of cavalry in this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

