
mile or two it is broken into deep valleys and high ridges. Our line leaves the McMinnville survey 7 miles from Danville, and keeps the same plain 4 miles farther, through Milledgeville, and to the head of Willoughby's Branch, and down which it runs, crossing the small spurs from the adjacent ridge to the Hanging Fork. The crossing of this valley requires 800 feet of trestle 40 feet high, and a bridge 100 feet long, and two small streams on the south side will require trestles 300 and 400 feet long and 35 feet high. The line then runs up this last branch to the gap at McKinney's Station, passing the celebrated Muldraugh's Hill with a cut only 5 feet deep, and approaches it on a grade of 40 feet per mile.

The work thus far is all very light, except 3 miles next to the Kentucky River, and 2 miles at Hanging Fork, and these 5 miles not unusually heavy. The distance is 29 miles, and grade does not exceed 53 feet at any point; all of which will more fully appear when our location is permanently adjusted, and maps and profiles submitted.

GENERAL MAP OF KENTUCKY, TENNESSEE, AND PARTS OF VIRGINIA, NORTH CAROLINA, AND GEORGIA.

This map, begun by Captain Michler, continued by Major [Lorenzo] Sitgreaves, and being completed by me, is now ready for the engraver, and has been put into his hands for multiplication. I inclose a copy of the contract I have entered into with him for the work.* It will be noticed that the price charged is something greater than that stated in my letter to you of July 31, but it is because the engraving of the title, the topography of the mountains, which are yet to be put in, and the cost of the mounting, was not included in that estimate.

I inclose Special Orders, No. 199, Headquarters Department of the Ohio, marked B, and General Orders, No. 17, Headquarters Twenty-third Army Corps, Lexington, August 3, 1863, marked C,* by which it will be perceived that the Engineer Corps is not without enterprise in attempting to do all which lies in its power to make itself effective as an auxiliary of the army in the field. I also inclose a statement of money received and expended during the month of July,* and submit a requisition for funds on account of "surveys for military defenses."

The $5,000 on account of "contingencies of fortifications, including field works," required by me by telegraph July 6, no being received till after the return of Captain [Miles D.] McAlester, it did not become necessary for me to use it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SIMPSON,

Major and Chief Engineer, Department of the Ohio.

[Inclosures.]

A.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ENGINEERS, DEPT. OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio, June 23, 1863.

Mr. W. A. GUNN,

Civil Engineer, Lexington, Ky.:

SIR: You will, by direction of Major-General Burnside, commanding this department, organize one or more parties for the determination and survey of the cheapest and most feasible route for the location of a railroad for military purposes between Nicholasville and Somerset, Ky., via Danville. The highest pay admissible for chief engineers of parties will be $4 per day, and the pay of assistant chain-men, &amp;c., at reasonable rates.

The surveys are put under your direction, at a compensation of $5 per day, and it is believed from your already attained knowledge of the country, and experience and character as an engineer, that you will push

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

