
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,No. 15. Tullahoma, January 21, 1863.

II. The following changes of organization and assignments are made, to take effect immediately:

1. Colonel [J. C.] Burks' Texas regiment dismounted cavalry, from Ector's brigade, McCown's division, to Wharton's cavalry brigade, to be remounted.

2. Ninth Texas Infantry, Colonel [William H.] Young, from Smith's brigade, Cheatham's division, to Ector's brigade, McCown's division.

3. Eleventh Tennessee Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel [William] Thedford, from Vance's brigade, McCown's division, to Smith's brigade, Cheatham's division.

4. Thirty-ninth North Carolina Infantry, Captain [Alfred W.] Bell, from Manigault's brigade, Withers' division, to Vance's brigade, McCown's division.

Corps commanders will see that these transfers are made immediately, and the troops put in motion for their proper positions.

III. Hereafter the load in guns of the different guards of this army, instead of being discharged, will be drawn, and the powder and lead deposited with the ordnance sergeants of the regiments to which the guard belongs.

IV. The batteries of light artillery in McCown's division will be reduced to four guns each, two of 6-pounder smooth-bore and two 12-pounder howitzers, and one of four rifle guns. The surplus guns will be turned over to the ordnance officer. The surplus horses will be used to fill up the other batteries of Polk's corps.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., January 22, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: As announced in my telegram, I address this letter to you, to explain the purpose for which I desire that you will proceed promptly to the headquarters of General Bragg's army. The events connected with the late battle at Murfreesborough, and retreat from that place, have led to criticism upon the conduct of General Bragg, which induced him to call upon commanders of corps for an expression of opinion, and for information as to the feeling in their commands in regard to the conduct of General Bragg, and also whether he had so far lost the confidence of the army as to impair his usefulness in his present position. The answers, I am informed, have been but partially given, but are so far indicative of a want of confidence, such as is essential to success.* Why General Bragg should have selected that tribunal, and have invited its judgment upon him, is to me unexplained; it manifests, however, a condition of things which seems to me to require your presence.

The enemy is said to be preparing to advance, and though my confidence in General Bragg is unshaken, it cannot be doubted that if he is

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XX, Part I, pp.682-684,699,701,702.

---------------

