
distrusted by his officers and troops, a disaster may result which, but for that cause, would have been avoided.

You will, I trust, be able, by conversation with General Bragg and others of his command, to decide what the best interests of the service require, and to give me the advice which I need at this juncture. As that army is a part of your command, no order will be necessary to give you authority there, as, whether present or absent, you have a right to direct its operations and do whatever else belongs to the general commanding.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 6. January 22, 1863.

Major-General Wheeler is assigned to the command of all cavalry in Middle Tennessee.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 10. Tullahoma, January 23, 1863.

I. Corps commanders are directed to authorize the several regiments, battalions, and independent companies engaged in the ever-memorable battle of Murfreesborough to inscribe on their colors the name of that field. Such corps as distinguished themselves in brilliant and gallant charges on the enemy, resulting in the capture of his batteries, will be entitled also, in addition to the names, to place the cross cannon, inverted. Such corps, entitled to this distinction, will be reported to these headquarters.

II. Commanding officers are hereby reminded that it is their duty to report to these headquarters, as early as practicable, the names of such officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates who shall have displayed such "extraordinary skill and valor" as will entitle them to promotion, agreeably to the provisions of an act of Congress approved April 21, 1862. Such reports must show the facts and circumstances of "extraordinary skill and valor" displayed by officers and soldiers.

III. With a view to carry into effect the act of October 13, 1862, which provides that the President may bestow medals with proper devices upon such officers of the Confederate States as shall be conspicuous for courage and good conduct on the field of battle, and also to bestow a badge of distinction upon one private or non-commissioned officer of each company after every signal victory it shall to achieve, the non-commissioned officers and privates of the company who may be present at dress parade may choose by a majority of their votes the soldier best entitled to receive such distinction, whose name shall be communicated to the President of the Confederate States; and if the award falls upon a deceased soldier, the badge thus awarded him shall be delivered to his widow; or if there be no widow, to any relative the President may adjudge entitled to receive it. It will be the duty of the several commanding officers herein referred to furnish reports of the officers who were conspicuous for courage and good conduct on the field of battle, and also to take immediate steps to ascertain in each company the soldier best entitled to receive a badge of distinction, agreeably to the provisions of the act, and report the same.

