
Manchester to Decherd and Winchester, but, from the nature of the country, our flanks can be turned at this point. I see no advantages in this position which can compensate for superiority of numbers.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

TULLAHOMA, January 28, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

I earnestly recommend that the system of sick leaves and furloughs be abolished immediately; they are usually obtained to escape service, and are draining our army. The sick can, in general, be better attended to in hospitals than at home.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 13. Tullahoma, January 28, 1863.

I. When an officer or soldier fails to rejoin his proper station at the expiration of his leave, whether ordinary or an sick certificate, he will be reported as absent without leave. Failing to join, or explaining satisfactorily his absence, after seven days the soldier will be proceeded against as a deserter. The officer will be notified, and his name immediately brought before the board to relieve the army of disqualified, disabled, and incompetent officers. The name will in all cases be published in the newspapers nearest the residence of the delinquent.

II. Paragraphs I and II, of General Orders, No. 96, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, are republished for the information of the army;

I. All commissioned officers and enlisted men who are now absent from their commands from any other cause than actual disability, or duty under orders from the Secretary of War or from their department commanders, will return to their commands without delay.

II. Commissioned officers failing to comply with the provisions of the foregoing paragraph within a reasonable length of time, in no case to exceed twenty days after the publication of this order, shall be dropped from the rolls of the army in disgrace, and their names will be furnished to the commandant of conscripts for enrollment in the ranks.

The commanding general expects a rigid and efficient execution of this order. Commanding officers will drop from the rolls of the army the names of all commissioned officers who have failed to obey this order, and will report them promptly to these headquarters, to be forwarded to the War Department and superintendent of conscripts.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, TENN., January 29, 1863.

Hon. JAMS A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: Large quantities of provisions, drawn from Middle Tennessee, are, I am told, in depot at Atlanta. This army has for seventy or eighty days depended on the same district for subsistence, but supplies of that country are so diminished in abundance that it is now necessary

