
advancing directly on to this place, but I doubt if the enemy will advance such a force so far from his base of supply and supports. But be that as it may, I feel it my duty to give you this information. Not knowing the intention of the enemy, and this place being entirely uncovered, I have deemed it my duty to suspend the march of Colonel Dibrell's regiment until his purposes were developed.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General C. S. Army, and Chief of Bureau.

HEADUQARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, February 3, 1863.

Colonel [P. D.] RODDEY, Pulaski, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-General Polk directs me to say that he [General Polk] has been instructed by General Bragg to send you such orders as he should deem advisable. He desires you to proceed to Chapel Hill, on the north side of Duck River, on the Farmington and Nashville road, and make that your headquarters. The object of your being posted there is that you may cover the country in which we are foraging, on the south side of the same river; also that you may afford protection to some 6 or 8 miles lying along the river as far as and including Columbia. You will keep in observation the country in your front in the direction of Nashville, Eagleville, and Unionville, posting pickets and vedettes well in advance, in the direction of all three of those places.

A cavalry force, under Colonel [W. B.] Wade, will have its headquarters at Unionville, with pickets at Rover. You will be expected to co-operate with Colonel Wade in watching the front toward Nashville and Murfreesborough. It is proper to inform you that a strong detachment of the enemy's cavalry is reported to have moved in the direction of Chapel Hill yesterday morning. You will be expected to move promptly, so as to get into position at the earliest moment possible. Send to the general at this place an intelligent staff officer, to receive instructions more in detail.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

- -,

Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HARDER'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,No. 39. Tullahoma, Tenn., February 3, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

II. The Kentucky Brigade, Breckinridge's division, will proceed by dirt road, without delay, to Manchester, and report to Colonel Thomas [H.] Hunt, commanding post.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.

TULLAHOMA, February 4, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

This army is suffering from the use of fresh pork. It has no other meat. I respectfully recommend that it be permitted immediately to

40 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

