
CHATTANOOGA, February 13, 1863.

Major-General VAN DORN, Tuscumbia, Ala.:

Roddey will join you when you join General Bragg. Do so without unnecessary delay.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., February 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General McCown, commanding, to notify you that there are this morning indications of an early advance by the enemy. He desires division commanders to see that the men of their respective commands are in camp and in readiness for a movement.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,- -,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, Shelbyville, February 13, 1863.

Colonel [W. B.] WADE,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge receipt of your dispatches of this morning.

He wishes you to impede the advance of the enemy as much as possible, and to keep him fully advised of your own movements and those of the enemy.

Very respectfully, colonel,

- -,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 14, 1863.

Major General D. S. DONELSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It has been very earnestly urged on me by General [John S. Williams and a very large majority of the Kentucky Representatives in Congress that a force of about 4,000 cavalry, if so many could be spared, should be concentrated from your command and from Western Virginia, and, being placed under his [General Williams'] command, or that of some other active cavalry officer, a rapid dash should be made with them into the fertile and abundant districts of Kentucky.

The Representatives referred to anticipate from such an enterprise, successfully accomplished, important political consequences in the present excited state of the public mind in that State. This, as the result of what must be, both in plan and execution, a mere raid, is to my mind very questionable. The more important advantages to be expected, in my judgment, are that we might divert re-enforcements from Rosecrans'

