
army, in Tennessee, and create alarm about reserves and communications; might obtain ready support and forage for our men and horses, and have them in good plight for the coming summer campaign, and-an object of great moment with us-might send back supplies of bacon and salt meat, and drive out large droves of hogs and cattle, to be fattened the coming season on the rich grass lands of Southwestern Virginia, now almost destitute of stock.

I wish, before forming a fixed opinion on this subject, to have the benefit of your superior knowledge and judgment on the feasibility and expediency of the operation, and likewise, in case you approve, your advice as to the selection of the proper leader for the expedition. I shall avoid all committal until I hear from you. Should you approve, it might be well for you to concert with General Jones, in command of Western Virginia, and begin arrangements toward such a plan. If you do not approve, it may be well for you to consider and advise with me as to whether any and what other enterprise might be judiciously undertaken. It is hoped that, without endangering the safety of your command, you might spare a cavalry force to co-operate in the expedition above referred to. The Department will be pleased to receive a communication from you expressing fully your views of the proposed advance into Kentucky.

With high esteem, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ALABAMA CAVALRY, [Near Shelbyville,] February 14, 1863.

Colonel W. B. WADE,Commanding First Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: My scout returned last night, and report that the enemy were foraging yesterday in and around Millersburg, taking everything from the citizens, and saying that they intended to live upon the citizens, as their communication with the North is interrupted. Several negroes were seen uniformed and armed.

Respectfully,

T. H. MAULDIN,

[Captain.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT NO.2,

No. 6. Tullahoma, Tenn., February 14, 1863.

I. Accommodations will be provided immediately at all general hospitals in this department for commissioned officers. They will mess separately from the men, and will pay for this accommodation the commutation price of the rations, which is $1 per day.

II. All officers will hereafter be sent to general hospitals for treatment, and will not be allowed to leave them, except for the purpose of rejoining their commands, without special authority from these headquarters.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

