SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,No. 91. Tullahoma, February 15, 1863.

Brigadier General B. H. Helm will assume command of the brigade of the late Brigadier-Generals Hansom.* Colonel Thomas H. Hunt, the present commander, will resume the command of his regiment.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JOHN A. BUCKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEWIS FERRY, February 16, 1863-9 a.m.

[Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK:]

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit dispatches just received from General Forney, per steamer Clipper.+ I took the liberty of opening the package for obvious reasons.

When I arrived here last evening, I found the field transportation of McNair's brigade nearly all across the river. The last of Ector's is now crossing. Colonel [S. H.] Lockett thinks that he can improvise a pontoon in the course of two or three hours. If he succeeds, we will be able to send wagons across more rapidly than they can travel on the road.

The steamers Clipper, Watson, and Coquette are here. The Watson has about 60,000 pounds of pork on board, which the captain thinks will spoil if left in the hold much longer. I would suggest that this meat, or as much of it as may be required, be issued to the troops when they arrive here.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. F. SEVIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 38. Tullahoma, February 16, 1863.

The great number of men who have joined cavalry commands, and avail themselves of that peculiar service to roam over the country as marauders, avoiding all duty, renders it necessary that cavalry commanders should use vigorous means to search out such characters, and have them transferred to infantry regiments, where they can be more easily watched and compelled to perform their duties.

Cavalry commanders will immediately make out and forward through the proper channels, to these headquarters, full and complete descriptive lists of all such officers and men in their commands, in order that they may be transferred to infantry. This will include those who frequently fail to be with their commands on active duty, whether from loitering about camp, from being without serviceable horses, from being without serviceable horses, from a deficiency in health on the part of the soldier himself, or from any other of the various causes by which bad soldiers seek to avoid the hardships and dangers of the service. Under the head of "remarks," will be stated the reasons for recommending the transfer.

Hereafter any cavalry soldier who is found absent from his command without written authority from his brigade commander or other competent authority, will be immediately dismounted, and sent on foot, under guard, to the nearest guard-house, with a written statement of the facts concerning his arrest, in order that he may be sent to his corps com-

---------------

*He assumed command February 16.

+Not found.

---------------

