
mander, and be assigned to the infantry. Their horses and equipments will be sent to the chief quartermaster of cavalry. Commanders of cavalry companies will state upon their muster and pay rolls, under the head of "remarks," the number of days each soldier has been without a serviceable horse, and the paymasters will not pay the soldier for use and risk of horse, except for the number of days his horse has been fit for duty.

All cavalry horses not fit for duty, and not susceptible of speedy restoration, will, under the direction of the commanding general of cavalry, be immediately turned over to the chief quartermaster of this army for future disposition.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., February 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I am informed by Brigadier-General Donelson that when he assumed command of this department about three-fourths of the men of the Florida brigade belonging to it were absent, but that measures had been taken to bring them back. He has reason to think that [efforts] are being made to procure the transfer of that brigade to Florida, one of the arguments being the fact that the larger part of it is now there.

I beg leave to say in that connection that the force in this department is now quite inadequate-not more than sufficient to deal with internal enemies-and that, of course, the withdrawal of any part of it might produce disaster.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,No. 32. Shelbyville, Tenn., February 17, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

VIII. Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright will move with his brigade as soon as practicable to Tullahoma, and report to the commanding general for instructions as to the part of the line of defense he is to establish and occupy.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, February 18, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: My scouts report the Federals still at Franklin; have made no advance so far. I have reliable information that the cars were run out to Franklin last night; therefore they have repaired the Tennessee and Alabama road to that point. I have been unable, however, to ascertain whether they have or are repairing the bridge over Harpeth River, near Franklin. I also ascertain that there are a large num-

