
ber of wagons on the Franklin pike, near Nashville, loaded with sections of pontoon bridges, but, of course, cannot tell whether they are intended for use over streams in this direction or not. They were brought to Nashville on steamboats, loaded on wagons, and hauled out and left standing near town, on the pike leading to this place.

From the same party who gave me information in regard to the boats or bridges, I learn that the Federals have about 2,000 mulse quartered near the race-track below town; that they are lightly guarded, and only one regiment encamped in that direction. A feint on Franklin might enable a few hundred men to bring them out.

It is reported that General Van Dorn will be here to-day. Some of his men on leave have arrived here, with orders to rejoin their commands at this place on the 25th. Presume his command will all be here by that time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, Columbia, February 18, 1863.

[General JOSEPH WHEELER:]

GENERAL: I am in receipt of yours of the 17th, yesterday. For the helmet, please accept my thanks. Will furnish Major Nicholson with any details he may require.

Since I sent you dispatch at 5 o'clock this evening, I have received a dispatch of the advance of 300 Yankee cavalry toward Spring Hill. Colonel [T. G.] Woodward, with 160 men, dismounted and whipped them back, and, when the courier left, was chasing them toward Franklin.

Send forward the companies as quickly as possible, as it is important I should get my command organized before I go into the field again. Have ordered dress parade twice per week; all general orders to be read by the adjutant at dress parade, and by orderlies every morning at roll-call for one week after they are received at regimental headquarters.

If I get the nine companies, and they are anything like full, I find it will give me about 3,000 troops. I am getting my men now here in very good condition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

Abstract from return of troops of the line in General Marshall's command, Brigadier General Humphrey Marshall commanding, for February 18, 1863; headquarters Holston Springs, Va.

Command	 By muster-roll	 Usual effective

On detached	 3,500	 2,750

services

In immediate	 1,700	 1,150

command

Infantry

Cavalry	 2,238	 1,733

Artillery	 229	 136

Total	 7,667	 5,769

