
LOUISVILLE, February 13, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Scout telegraphed from Columbia, Ky., that rebels have left Rowena, on the Cumberland, and are at Albany and on Wolf River. Georgia regiment at Albany and others on Wolf River, all under command of Colonel Tucker, of Tennessee; about 900 of them. Morgan is farther south, in direction of Sparta.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, OFFICE OF CHIEF OF POLICE,

Nashville, Tenn., February 13, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough:

Major Crenshaw, of Breckinridge's staff, says Confederates are retreating from Shelbyville to Shellmound, 3 miles beyond the Tennessee River, at which point they expect to make a stand. A large cavalry force is picketing the Shelbyville pike some distance this side of Shelbyville. Mrs. Alcon brought this information to-day.

SM. TRUESDAIL,

Chief of Police.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO.

Cincinnati, Ohio, February 13, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS,Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

A division of troops, said to be Stonewall Jackson's, passed over the Virginia and East Tennessee road last week, to join Bragg. General Gillmore estimates their strength, from report of his scout, at from 4,000 to 5,000. East Tennessee reports are that Bragg's strength is about 40,000, including conscripts, all badly clothed and sickly. Conscript portion disaffected and won't fight. Gillmore thinks this report pretty reliable. Repairs on bridges in East Tennessee pretty well advanced.

Yours, sincerely,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 13, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Dr. [John F.] Head and Dr. [Middleton] Goldsmith, weeks ago, gave it as their professional opinion that there were no houses in the city adapted to hospital purposes except those now used for hospital. Private houses will not accommodate more than from 20 to 30, and it would require eighty to one hundred houses to accommodate the 2,500. Multiply the houses, and there are not surgeons to attend them. Surgeon Speer, Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, cannot leave, as there is not a surgeon to relieve him, and he is totally unfit for field duty. We have several thousand of General Rosecrans' sick, and only five or six of his surgeons. Can Dr. [James G.] Hatchitt, surgeon of volunteers, at Perryville, be ordered here?

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

