
[Indorsement.]

MARCH 12, 1863.

Major [T. M.] Jack, adjutant-general, will order Brigadier-General Bate to report to Brigadier-General Stewart for assignment to the command of Rains' brigade.

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, February 24, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c., Tullahoma:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter from Major-General Van Dorn, informing me of his arrival at Columbia. He wants horseshoes and horseshoe nails. Can you have them sent to Lewisburg for him? He wants to take Franklin, of the feasibility of which you are the judge.

Are the enemy's communications too strongly protected for you to break them with your present force of cavalry? Expecting to be at your headquarters when Major-General Van Dorn arrived, I gave him no other order than to move to them, intending to place him under your command on the spot. He will be with you until it may appear that he can render more service elsewhere.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 24, 1863.

Major-General VAN DORN:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 22nd instant is just received. My first object in bringing you into Middle Tennessee was to enable you to take part in a battle, in the event of the advance of the Federal army; the second, that you might operate upon his lines of communication, previous to his moving from Murfreesborough, and up to the time of engagement, or, if it should appear to be expedient, battle being unlikely, that you might move into Kentucky or farther.

The movements in General Bragg's theater of operations will be necessarily, under his control; those from it and beyond it I will at least inaugurate.

There should be no attack upon Franklin until full information is obtained of the enemy's strength. If expedient, it will require a considerable addition to your force.

I hope to be able to visit you very soon.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, February 25, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

General Bragg reports re-enforcements continue to reach Nashville. Major-General Cox arrived last week with a division from West Virginia,

