
and Major-General Sigel is just in with more troops. Should not our troops in West Virginia follow the movements of the Federals? It seems to me urgent.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

CHATTANOOGA, February 25, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

The Commissary Department continues to salt beef here. I again suggest that the cattle for this purpose be transferred to General Bragg's army, which needs it. Hogs may be salted. The cattle were driven from the country which feeds General Bragg's army. Beef salted after this will not be saved.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

CHATTANOOGA, February 25, 1863.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In transmitting to you the accompanying papers, just received from General Bragg, my object is to procure provision to be made for his army, and not to bring before you the general condition of the commissariat, being confident that the department is in competent hands.

Fifteen days ago General Bragg's chief commissary was of opinion that the portion of Middle Tennessee upon which he depended could not furnish more than a month's supply of meat [cattle and hogs] for the army. A few have been driven out of Kentucky by General Morgan's brigade, and General Pegram, ordered to the edge of Kentucky, is instructed to secure as many as he can. I have sent an officer into Middle Alabama, but he has not reported.

I am told by the commissary of this post that an agent of the Subsistence Department is having cattle slaughtered here and in Georgia, to be salted. Meat salted now cannot be saved. Our troops have not the means of boiling meat, and therefore throw away the greater part of this, except when pressed by hunger. The commissary of the post reports on the authority of the agent referred to above, that more than 3,000 of the cattle for salting are still on foot. They were driven from Middle Tennessee. I respectfully urge that these cattle be kept for issue as fresh beef, and turned over to General Bragg's chief commissary.

I transmitted to you by telegraph to-day a report just received from General Bragg, to the effect that "Major-General Cox, with his division, reached Nashville last week, and Major-General Sigel has just arrived with more troops."

I suggested that this movement from the valley of the Kanawha by the Federals should be followed by a corresponding one on our part. It seems to me all-important that we at least hold our ground in Middle Tennessee, to return to Kentucky in the spring.

On the 20th and 24th I asked, by telegraph, if arms can be furnished for General Bragg's troops. He hopes to require 10,000 muskets within a month.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

