
as in this State. At the same time, as the iron and niter works are of prime importance to the operations of this department and the general interests of the service, the present workmen should not be taken away without supplying their places with more faithful men, conscripts or even detailed soldiers, if necessary.

Brigadier-General [A. E.] Jackson, of your command, with whom, on his recent visit to this city, I had free conference on the whole subject of the condition of disaffection in East Tennessee, will be enabled to explain to you more fully the views of the department in relation to these workmen, as well as kindred subjects of your letter. Concurring in your general views, the President and myself repose full confidence in your energy, judgment, and discretion in executing them; and I do not, therefore, feel it necessary to give further or more minute instructions on the subject. I would only suggest the policy of having, in all measures of severity against leading Unionists, the countenance and approval of the Governor of your State, as it will strengthen you in public support and prevent some causeless clamors.

With high esteem, very respectfully, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, February 27, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Tullahoma:

In reply to my dispatch in relation to arms, General Cooper replies:

Between 4,000 and 5,000 ordered. The balance, it is hoped, will be sent in time for the demand.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, February 27, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Chattanooga:

MY DEAR COLONEL: You have placed me under new obligations by your note of the 24th, received last night. Nothing is more important to a commander than to know the disposition of those upon whom he must depend, and especially is this the case with us, where success is in a measure only to be achieved through influences which ought ordinarily to be excluded from an army. One-half our officers, and many of our men, are looking to th future out of the army, and must shape their course accordingly.

I am very happy to say that all seems to be subsiding into quiet satisfaction, and the only dissatisfaction that ever existed was fomented by a few disappointed generals, who supposed they could cover their own tracks and rise on my downfall. They have failed, mainly owing to the discrimination and just conception of your noble chief, who saw at a glance the whole bearing. An expression of regret now almost universal reaches me constantly, but I pay no heed, and pursue the even tenor of my way.

I have been much to blame for dividing too much the responsibilities of my command with juniors, senior to me in years, however. This is all corrected. They know I am now their "commanding general," as I told them, and the result is not only more harmony, but the large increase of the army. Abuses I never conceived are thus coming to light.

Because I do not always promptly answer your notes, do not suppose

