
they are unappreciated. They are as cherished as any letters ever received from you, and are gratefully preserved.

The floods suspend nearly all duties on both sides, but as soon as they subside we shall have a great activity in our front. Reports come again of Siegel's arrival.

Very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT No. 2,Tullahoma, Tenn., February 27, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

SIR: I inclose a copy of charge and specifications against Major General J. P. McCown, and of the order of arrest issued. Under the law, the case, I believe, has to be acted on by the President. I shall be much pleased to learn he is not to return to my command, as his influence is most pernicious.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

Charge and specifications against Major General John P. McCown, Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

CHARGE.-Conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline.

Specification 1st.-In this, that Major General John P. McCown, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, being in command of a division serving with the Army of Tennessee, did, without authority, through his staff officer, Major [H. S.] Bradford, assistant adjutant-general, order Captain [C. M.] Ohlson, acting commissary of subsistence, Fourth Arkansas Regiment, to go to Charleston, S. C., and such other points as may be necessary, when the said Major General John P. McCown, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, knew that such details were not authorized. All this at Shelbyville, Tenn., on or about the 3rd day of February, 1863.

Specification 2nd.-In this, that Major General John P. McCown, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, commanding division, did, through his assistant adjutant-general, Major Bradford, issue the said order to Captain Ohlson, acting commissary of subsistence, Fourth Arkansas Regiment, to proceed to Charleston, S. C., and other points, when he, the said Major General John P. McCown, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, had but a short time previous received and acknowledged the receipt of an official communication from the commanding general of Department No. 2, requiring an explanation in regard to his detailing officers and enlisted men to go from his (McCown's) division out of the lines of the army. All this at Shelbyville, Tenn., on or about the 3rd day of February, 1863.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General C. S. Army, Commanding Army of Tennessee.

Witnesses: Major H. S. Bradford, assistant adjutant-general, McCown's division; Major H. B. Smith, assistant commissary of subsistence, McCown's division; Captain Ohlson, assistant commissary of subsistence, Fourth Arkansas Regiment; Captain J. H. Trezevant, First Louisiana Infantry [Regulars]; orders, letters, &amp;c.; Colonel J. P. Jones, acting inspector-general.

