
An infantry expedition with artillery, in my judgment, would prove impracticable. The roads are almost impassable. No subsistence can be had in the country through which it would have to pass, and it is extremely difficult to accumulate a sufficient supply anywhere in this department to sustain such an expedition from its base of operations. Besides, I can spare no infantry from this department. It is not, therefore, my intention to send General Marshall into Kentucky for the present. General Pegram will start in a few days on an expedition from Fenress County, this State, through Wayne County, into Kentucky, as far into that State as practicable, and if a cavalry expedition from your command, with what cavalry force General Marshall could spare, were to make a simulations advance into Kentucky, the two movements might result in brilliant success to one or both expeditions, and corresponding beneficial results to our cause. If anything is to be done, no time should be lost in doing it.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

D. S. DONELSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

CHATTANOOGA, March 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

It is reported that the enemy had received five divisions since the battle; the last two, Cox's and Siegel's. Can the troops which faced them in Western and Northern Virginia be sent to oppose them here? Rosecrans has more than double our force.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

TULLAHOMA, March 2, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

DEAR GENERAL: Van Dorn has moved against Franklin before this, I hope. He has over 7,000 effective men, if he will keep them together. The enemy only about 4,000. Wheeler has gone to McMinnville to operate on the other flank. I fear Morgan is overcome by too large a command; with a regiment or small brigade he did more and better service than with a division. Wheeler will correct this. A force of 3,000 of the enemy reported at Carthage. Will be attacked by Wheeler if they remain long enough.

The report of our people being in Lexington may be true. The enemy, considering Kentucky safe, drew off nearly all their forces. I sent 700 of Morgan's best men, under a good colonel, to look for beef, and he may have gone that far. If I had faith enough in Pegram, it would be more natural to believe it him.

I write to Colonel [B. S.] Ewell in full about [Alabama] Buford. We should be saved much trouble if the headquarters at Richmond would let us command in matters of detail.

The case of "Colonel G. W. Lee, commanding at Atlanta," is a very prominent one. A man without education or character-you will observe he never signs his own name-who was so well known that his Governor would not accept a company under his command. The War Department accepted it, and sent him to me at Pensacola, in the spring of 1861. When under arrest on serious charges, he resigned and left, and is accused of stealing the clothing-money of his men, then in his hands. By misrepresentation and downright falsehood, and by evading

