
and misconstruing orders, he has raised a force of nearly 500 men at Atlanta, more than half conscripts, "home guards." I am compelled to leave this man in command of 2,000 sick men of my army, and intrust their lives, funds, and safety to him. Of course, I cannot keep an old soldier of rank and character under him, and to deprive so large a number of my army of proper control is destructive of discipline and efficiency. Lee has no appointment but captain and provost-marshal-an office unknown to the law. The state of affairs at Atlanta is disgraceful: prisoners, confined for months, even without charges; employes by the dozen, able-bodied and without occupation; and expenditures most lavish. If not sustained at Richmond, I will remove my hospitals this way and give up the place.

Very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, March 2, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chattanooga:

COLONEL: The charges against Brigadier-General Buford are serious, and a part of them would probably be sustained if prosecuted by an able judge-advocate; but, being retaliatory, I think would be best disposed of by the general's declining to try them, on the grounds-

1st. Buford's removal rendering it exceedingly inconvenient, if not impossible, and at all events interfering with more important duty.

2nd. The acquittal of Colonel [J. R.] Butler on all of Buford's charges, except an unimportant one, and my remission of the entire sentence awarded for that, was a virtual vindication of the colonel and condemnation of the general.

The assignment which I have made of Buford's brigade, so called, to Morgan's command has harmonized all difficulties. His original appointment was unfortunate, and in an official letter from Murfreesborough I deprecated the assignment at Richmond of brigade commanders, and especially predicted the very evil which has resulted.

With the present good feeling which is reported to exist in the command, I think the refusal to investigate the matter further, on the grounds indicated, would be perfectly satisfactory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 3, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 25th ultimo, covering a letter from General Bragg and a communication from his chief commissary, which have been duly delivered to me by Captain G. C. Brown.

The probable deficiency of supplies for our armies has certainly not escaped my own notice, and has been more than one brought fully to the consideration of the President. It has constituted, since I entered on the duties of the Department, the subject of much anxious solicitude

42 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

