
such points as you directed in my front. And General Wheeler, when here, also visited and inspected them. With the reports of these officers I had no reason to be dissatisfied. I regret, however, to find from the report made me by my inspector-general, sent to the front yesterday, that Colonel [A. A.] Russell's whole morning report showed 700 men for duty; states that of this number 400 are without arms. This is unpardonable, and demands explanation from some one. As I have no such relations to the cavalry as would warrant my taking measures to have this want supplied, may I call your attention to it. I find I cannot work my corps as it should be without the use of a cavalry regiment or good battalion. That which was ordered to report to me has been relieved and is employed elsewhere. May I ask respectfully to have this want supplied? Is General Chalmers to return to this command or not?

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. POLK,]

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Corps.

CHATTANOOGA, March 6, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Tullahoma:

What was your engineer's estimate of the cost of repairing the Columbia and Decatur Railroad? Had not the work better be done? The Engineer's Department offers $10,000 toward defraying expenses. Have you the law in regard to the authority ordering courts where commander of department prefers charges?

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 6, 1863.

Colonel J. G. GILMER,

Chief of Engineers, Richmond:

Your letter of the 19th of February just received. General Bragg's engineer examined the road two months ago. Says the bridges will require at least two months. General Bragg ordered timber to be prepared. I telegraphed on the subject to him.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, March 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General [PATTON] ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to issue to you the following orders, to wit:

You will prepare two of your brigades to be put in motion as soon as practicable. Have them provided with two days' rations. One of them you will move, as soon as ready, out on the Shelbyville and Unionville turnpike, to the support of Colonel [W. F.] Tucker's brigade, now there. The other you will hold in readiness for further orders. The general desires to see you at this headquarters as soon as convenient.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

