HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, March 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General [PATTON] ANDERSON:

GENERAL: By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding, I inclose herewith a dispatch of General [Z. C.] Deas',* giving an account of his position, that of Roddey, and the enemy. If the force is not greater that reported, and Van Dorn co-operate with you, you may succeed in your enterprise, if the roads will permit. Of this, however, you must be the judge. In case you should move upon the enemy's position on the Chapel Hill pike, you must keep an eye upon any force which may come upon you from the direction of Rover, Eagleville, &amp;c., for it might be that the moving of this force to Chapel Hill was a lure to draw a force upon that point, to be assailed in flank and rear from another quarter. Your knowledge of the roads, crossings of the river, &c., must be your guide.

The general has not yet heard from General Van Dorn. He has instructed him to communicate directly with you. He sends you this dispatch by Deas' courier, that you may send him across the river, by way of Warner's Bridge, to the general's camp. You will order General Deas to occupy such a position as you think best.

The general has ordered Roddey to establish a line of couriers to these headquarters, via your camp, from his (Roddey's) field of operations. Of these you will avail yourself, and report to the general every six hours, and oftener, if necessary.

Inclosed, for your information, you will find a dispatch from Colonel [J.] Hagan.*

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say to you that he desires you to order out one of your brigades at once to the support of the brigade now on the Murfreesborough pike. You will have two days' rations prepared and sent out in wagons after them. Let this order be executed promptly, and, when issued, the general will be glad to see you at his headquarters.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

Colonel [JAMES] HAGAN:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say to you that the general commanding directs that you distribute the guns of your six-gun battery as follows: You will retain three of the pieces under your immediate command; assign one to Colonel Russell, and the other two to Colonel Roddey. You will execute this order as

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

