
soon as practicable. I am also instructed by the lieutenant-general to say that he has ordered an additional brigade to move to the front on the Murfreesborough pike to support the brigade already there.

I am also directed to inclose to you, for information, the accompanying copy of a letter to Major-General Van Dorn on the subject of a movement which he has ordered.

General [George] Maney will be in command of the two brigades of infantry near you. You will keep the general constantly advised of every movement in your front.

Your instructions are, that if the enemy advance, you will fall back slowly, keeping line in check until you reach Shelbyville, when you will cross the river unless otherwise ordered.

I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 6, 1863.

Major-General VAN DORN:

GENERAL: Your gratifying dispatch, giving account of your brilliant affair of yesterday (the capture of five regiments of the enemy's infantry, in a fight on the Franklin road), has just been received, and will be immediately forwarded to army headquarters.

I dispatched you at 11 p.m. last night, to say the enemy had moved out and had pressed in my cavalry outposts under Colonel Roddey, and proceeded as far as Chapel Hill. I informed you that I would send a strong force out on the Shelbyville and Triune roads, under General Anderson, infantry and artillery to be thrown between the enemy and Murfreesborough, and that, if you could unite with that force by a rapid movement from Franklin pike over on to the Triune and Farmington turnpikes, we might cut off that expedition. It numbers, I am informed, about 600 cavalry and about 2,000 infantry.

I hope my messenger has reached you. Please communicate directly with General Anderson, who will be on the Shelbyville and Triune pikes, and who will forward to me.

I remain, general, respectfully, yours,

[L. POLK,]

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, March 7, 1863.

Hereafter all the salt received in mess-beef issues by the troops of this army, will be turned over to the artillery and quartermasters of their respective commands, for the use of their horses.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that your note of this morning has been received, and he refers you

