
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, &amp;C.,

In the Field, March 7, 1863-9.10 p.m.

The troops will be in line and ready to move forward at 5 in the morning. The brigades will move in order of number.

By command of General Anderson:

D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 7, 1863-11.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of yours of 9 p.m. of this date, and to say that he presumes from his knowledge of the forces of Generals Forrest and Van Dorn respectively, that the latter should have with him 4,000 effectives, and the former 2,000. Roddey should have 1,000. These, with your three brigades, should make a force of 12,000, as he presumes the three brigades with you will amount to 5,000. To make things easy in your rear and flank, he has ordered a brigade of General Cheatham's to move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning out upon the pike, following you. This brigade will consist of 2,000, and will be held in observation in supporting distance. It will be commanded by Brigadier General Preston Smith.

The general is informed by Colonel Hagan that the enemy has fallen back from his front at Fosterville, on the Murfreesborough pike, and also Middleton. It is presumed they have gone back to their encampments. You will, of course, keep your right flank well scouted nevertheless. You will, of course, also order Roddey with his whole force to move forward to your support. It might be well to throw him on your right flank, and perhaps give him one or two field guns. Brigadier-General Deas will be ordered to move to White's Bridge.

The general has only to add that, supposing your plans well devised, your success will mainly depend on the vigorous and energetic action with which they are executed.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 7, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that General Maney's brigade was ordered in this evening, and he presumes they are in their camp. He desires you to order General Preston Smith's brigade to move out on the Shelbyville and Unionville roads at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, as a support for General Anderson, who moved forward in the morning, and a protection for his right flank. He (General Smith) will occupy Anderson's camp at Hooker's, 7 miles from town. Let his rations for two days follow him, and order him to move promptly at the hour. He will report to General Anderson his presence for orders.

Very respectfully, general,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp.

