HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 7, 1863-Midnight.

Brigadier-General DEAS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move to-morrow morning at daybreak to White's Bridge, on Duck River, and take up a position there, and hold yourself subject to the orders of General Anderson, who moves forward in the morning to unite with General Van Dorn in a combined attack on the enemy's forces, posted on the Chapel Hill and Triune roads. He directs you to move by that road you deem to be the best. If you require additional rations, have them sent after you, and provide for two days. Make yourself familiar with the roads leading from White's Bridge toward Unionville, Hooker's, Eagleville, Triune, and College Grove.

Yours, respectfully, &amp;c.,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General MANEY:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch. The lieutenant-general desires that you keep the enemy along you line of front closely under observation, ascertaining, as far as practicable, his strength and movements, and keeping these headquarters fully advised by telegraphic dispatches. You should also establish a line of couriers to this point, using them when you cannot use telegraphic line. The lieutenant-general also suggests that you keep yourself in communication, by couriers, with Brigadier-General Anderson, who is on the turnpike, in command of three brigades.

I remain, general most respectfully, your obedient servant,

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Colonel [J.] Hagan will furnish couriers for the above-named purposes.
HEADQUARTERS WHEELER'S CAVALRY DIVISION,McMinnville, March 7, 1863.

Captain K. FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy at Carthage came out to Rome yesterday, arresting citizens and foraging. Our troops at Liberty were too far off to know of the movement until it was too late to trouble them. Until Stone's River falls a little, we can only menace the enemy by sending out small parties. If we learn from Ellsworth's operations that General Rosecrans is not ready to advance, we might make a successful raid in Kentucky. By preparing some boats, we could leave Gainesborough and be in Louisville in five days, and, if necessary, be back to this going in ten days more. We could bring out a great quantity of provisions and other stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

