
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, March 8, 1863.

Respectfully returned. Until satisfied that the enemy will not advance, detachments cannot be made, but as soon as the force can be spared, it will be placed at your disposal.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,College Grove, March 7, 1863-9 p.m.

General ANDERSON,

Commanding C. S. [Forces]:

GENERAL: I am now in bivouac at this place. I inclose you all I know as yet of the enemy. Send me a reply as to your whereabouts and intentions to-night. I am ready to attack with you in the morning, if you are near enough. My pickets are at Eagleville and on all the approaches. Let your couriers be cautious and use the countersign. If you have any cavalry, better throw out scouts well toward Murfreesborough as you advance, and keep them there until your return. If you have no cavalry, I will send out for your cover your right rear.

Let me know your strength, if you please.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

WEBB'S, March 7, 1863.

Major-General VAN DORN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am at Dr. Webb's, half mile from the river, and half mile from College Grove. My forces are encamped at College Grove.

General Sheridan (Federal), with force from Mufreesborough (not known). They joined General Steedman, who has four regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, and both forces are said to be encamped about 3 miles from the river. I have sent out men to-night to ascertain where they are encamped, and to get any other possible information as to numbers and position.

They are encamped on the north side of the river, between this place and Nolensville, about 3 miles from the river. Will advise you, and give any information I may get.

I have sent men on all roads in this direction, and especially on the pike toward Shelbyville. Will establish my headquarters here to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General.

CHAPEL HILL, March 7, 1863.

My command is now posted here, picketing at Holt's Corness and vicinity. There is a large force of the enemy reported by scouts camped between Triune and Little Harpeth. A regiment of cavalry and two of infantry were seen this morning moving toward Eagleville with a wagon train.

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

