HEADQUARTERS PICKET,Rover, March 7, 1863.

[Colonel P. D. RODDEY:]

My scouts report that two regiments of cavalry, with artillery, moved out in sight of my pickets, supported by infantry, but made no attack, and returned.

The cavalry encamped to-night 2 miles beyond Eagleville, the infantry (five regiments) moving in the direction of Triune. Scouts were 2 miles beyond Versailles; no enemy there. Citizens report that there brigades of infantry, with wagon train, have moved in the direction of Triune from Murfreesborough.

[A. A.] RUSSELL,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS WITHERS' DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS,Six and a half miles from Shelbyville, March 8,[1863]-4 a.m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I send dispatch from General Van Dorn, by which it will be seen that he has reached a position near Eagleville, but that the enemy has retired beyond that place. This puts him beyond my reach; at least I do not deem it prudent to go beyond Eagleville, and may return before going so far. Indeed, had I known certainly that the Abolition forces which had driven back Roddey on the left and Prather on the right, on Thursday, had retired beyond Eagleville, I should have returned to Shelbyville yesterday evening, in place in ordering a move to the front. As it is, I shall go down toward Eagleville, keeping my flanks will scouted, and return here to-night. I shall dispatch General Preston Smith to halt at this place till he hears from me again. When I start back, he can return to Shelbyville.

I have not been able to gain definite information of Colonel Roddey until two hours ago. He occupied Chapel Hill. No enemy in his front. Indeed, the enemy left Chapel Hill on Thursday night. Robinson's mill was not burned. Indeed, the force which drove in Roddey's pickets on that day and burned Russell's camp had retired before I left Shelbyville.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 8, 1863-7.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General ANDERSON:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of yours of this date, and to say that he approves of your decision, and shall hold Colonel Roddey responsible for the manner in which he has managed affairs in his front and for failing to furnish the information necessary to guide your movements properly.

Very respectfully,

--- ---,

Aide-de-Camp.

