HDQRS. WITHERS' DIV., POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Six and a half miles from Shelbyville, March 8, 1863-8 p.m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Polk's Corps:

MAJOR: After remaining for hours to-day at Rover, the command had returned to the camp of last night. While at Rover, reconnaissances to the front, 2 miles beyond Eagleville, to the left, on the Chapel Hill and Triune road, and to the right, up the in the direction of Salem, were made without encountering the enemy. He had moved on yesterday morning (Sheridan's and Steedman's brigades) to the north side of Harpeth River, near Triune.

A dispatch from General Van Dorn (which I sent you) was received, confirming my determination not to move the infantry farther to the front; therefore the return to this place. One brigade will be left here in the morning, and the other two will return to their camps. Will your order General Deas to return also; that is, if it meets the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding? Although the prime object of this move has not been achieved, for the reason that the enemy had left the vicinity of Chapel Hill before we left Shelbyville, yet I hope it has not been entirely fruitless. Having been early apprised of the move, the enemy retired beyond reach to a line farther in his rear than any he has occupied for more than a month. This evening he is not in Middleton, Versailles, or Eagleville. He will doubtless, however, reoccupy those places to-morrow. The inadequacy of the cavalry force in this front will enable him to do this without hinderance from us.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 8, 1863-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General DEAS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that, the object of your movement to White's Bridge having been accomplished, you will return to your division encampment near Shelbyville.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

--- ---,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, Tenn., March 8, 1863.

Colonel [P. D.] RODDEY:

COLONEL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he regrets to find that the manner in which you have managed affairs in your front is not satisfactory, in this, that you have failed to keep him constantly advised of the actual condition of things immediately around you, in consequence of which his plans of operation have been somewhat disconcerted.

It is the highest duty of an officer commanding an outpost to keep his commanding general constantly and thoroughly advised of everything that transpires in his front, noting carefully and accurately every movement of the enemy. To enable you to do this, in the future you will communicate with these headquarters direct, as well as with your brigade

