
no doubt it will, I think I will be able to secure many thousand pounds of bacon and as much corn as transportation to the river can be provided for.

I have purchased above 60 head of good beef-cattle, and will be able to start a drove of from 80 to 100 to the army by the middle of the present week, and I think I will be able to secure from 400 to 600 before the grass beef comes in, after which a great many may be bought. The breadth of land sown in wheat in this region is very large, and the prospect is flattering of an abundant yield, and, should the seasons favor it, this will perhaps prove one of the best depots in the South for the collection of that important cereal.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. GUY,

Major and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[CHAPEL HILL], March 9, 1863-4 a.m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Shelbyville:

I have nothing since my last dispatch from the enemy. I have a scouting party in the vicinity of their lines, and think if anything new they would have returned.

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHAPEL HILL, March 9, 1863.

General POLK,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find report from a relabel scouting party from my old company. Major [W. A.] Johnson returned from his scout toward College Grove. He reports a scouting party of the Federals out this evening; a small advance came in sight of our pickets; they returned immediately. A Mr. Ritchie, belonging to General Morgan's cavalry, has returned from a scout back of College Grove, and reports a large force of cavalry between Jordan's Store and Mrs. Wilson's house, a distance of 1 mile, the road filled all the way, advancing this way late this evening. Mrs. Wilson's is about 8 miles from Chapel Hill, on the Nashville pike. If this be true, we will very likely mix to-morrow morning.

Very truly,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

[Inclosure.]

MARCH 9, 1863-7 a.m.

Colonel [RODDEY:]

SIR: Yesterday we passed up the Murfreesborough pike, 8 miles from Murfreesborough; then we went north through the woods until we were northwest from Salem 3 or 4 miles. This morning we observed an encampment on Overall Creek, about 2 miles north of Salem. We saw Rosecrans' army, encamped in front of Murfreesborough. We came west from there, until we touched the Triune pike, in the rear of their pickets, too strong for us. Their outpost is 3 miles from Eagleville, their camp a mile or two back from the picket. From the best information we can gain, the camp nearest us consists of two regiments of

