
infantry and one of cavalry. The citizens in their lines all speak of a general stir in the Federal camps.

Very respectfully,

JAS. MHON.

CHAPEL HILL, March 9, 1863.

General LEONIDAS POLK,

Headquarters Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The only item of news since my last, at 10 this a.m., is contained in inclosed note* from my picket outpost at Riggs' cross-roads; it is corroborated by some citizens coming in since. Major [W. A.] Johnson, of my regiment, has gone out to investigate the matter, and engage the enemy if they advance on us. I send this via Unionville, that Colonel [A. A.] Russell may know all that I do of the enemy's movements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

CHAPEL HILL, March [9], 1863-10 p.m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Headquarters Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I send you all the information I have obtained since my last, at 4 o'clock. When my scouts left College Grove, at 4 p.m., they saw the enemy's pickets standing on the hill at Dr. Webb's place, south side of Harpeth Creek. When I left the vicinity of Eagleville this evening, two of my guides promised to remain in the vicinity all night, but they came in at 7 o'clock, and stated that the enemy were in Eagleville one hour after we left; but as they did not see them, I don't consider it reliable. I have a reliable scout in the vicinity of the enemy, who have not yet returned.

I wish to make this explanation: I was ordered by General Bragg to report to you, and by you to report to General Wheeler. Afterward General Wheeler ordered me to report to Colonel Hagan, and by Colonel [J.] Hagan to keep up constant communication with Colonel Russell, at Unionville, of everything in my vicinity. I understood from that order that Colonel Russell would keep him advised, and that it was unnecessary for me to make any other report. I hope the above explanation will be satisfactory. Not having been instructed to report to you, I though it might be a breach of etiquette to report otherwise than through my brigade commander. I would like very much to know what is considered to be [the duty] of an officer occupying my position [in front]. I have heretofore, for want of a knowledge of the [country], been unable to ascertain the object or strength [illegible+], of the enemy, except by skirmishing with and fighting [illegible+], which I have done every chance, but so far [illegible+] no party of theirs I could cope with, and have to give back. Yet I am fully satisfied. We have punished them much worse than they have us, notwithstanding Colonel [J. M.] Warren ran into a party at College Grove and lost some thirty-odd of his men. (It was done by my order.)

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

+The places marked illegible have been torn off the original paper.

---------------

