HEADQUARTERS,Triune Road, March 10, 1863.

[Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: I send you a dispatch from Colonel Roddey, just received, I have my command ready to move forward at a moment's notice, but will await the receipt of further intelligence from the front.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

CHAPEL HILL, March 10, 1863.

General POLK,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: There are at this hour (11 o'clock) several citizens and some soldiers who have come in from the vicinity of Caney Spring and Raleigh Hill, giving the information that the enemy camped last night in strong force at the latter place. (Colonel Battle and Major Winn amongst the citizens, one of Van Dorn's soldiers and one of mine that was with him in his last fight almost the soldiers). All report the enemy pressing Van Dorn very hard, and advancing on this place from the north and west of us. The force at Raleigh Hill supposed to be going to Lewisburg. I am instructed by General Van Dorn to hold my position as long as possible, and shall do so to the best of my ability.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHAPEL HILL, March 10, 1863-4 p.m.

General POLK,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: My scouts have returned from Caney Spring, and report no enemy at that place, and only so far citizen reports as to their being at Raleigh Hill, my scouts to that point not having returned. My return scout from Eagleville report, upon authority of Dr. Webb, on north side of Harpeth River, the enemy re-enforced at the forks of the pike, 4 miles south of Triune; enemy represented their re-enforcements at two brigades. Another report from a citizen (a Mr. Floyd), who was captured last Thursday and taken to Murfreesborough, and returned last night, says that three divisions of the Federal army had left, and were leaving that vicinity, marching toward Triune and Franklin. He mentioned Davis', Sheridan's, and one other name not recollected, as generals commanding divisions. A few artillery shots were heard this evening toward Spring Hill.

My pickets are stationed at Holt's Corners, on a road leading from Rover to Caney Spring, and are extended on the right to Colonel Russell's, and on the left near Caney Spring.

Very truly,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-The company you [illegible] guns at Shelbyville, as intended, have never reported to me, and, I am informed, have been sent back to

