
commander of the battalion, to be selected according to the method designated in establishing the rolls of honor. The detail from each regiment shall constitute a company.

This battalion shall be provided with the best rifled arms, revolving arms, if possible, and will be mounted as soon as practicable. It shall be always kept full by selections made from brigade, regimental, or company rolls of honor.

Officers and soldiers may be dismissed from the battalion for misconduct by its commanding officer, with the approval of the brigade commander, or by order of a superior commander.

The light battalion will be excused from picket duty, and, when not on detached service, will be encamped at brigade headquarters. It must be kept at all times fully armed and equipped, and provided with water-proofs and shelter tents, and also, when required, winter tents, and the necessary transportation.

These light battalions will be looked upon as the elite of the army, and models for their profession, and from them will be expected such deeds of daring and enterprise as will prove them worthy of the distinction conferred upon them, and justify the choice of their companions.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CAIRO, ILL., February 14, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

All the gunboats for protection of Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers, six in number, have left Smithland for Nashville, to convoy transports. Please communicate with Lieutenant-Commander Fitch, who will soon arrive at Nashville, if not there now. He has instructions to co-operate with you to the extent of his ability.

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain and Commandant of Station.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 14, 1863.

Numbers 42.

* * * * * * *

XV. In consideration of the fact that Captain Stein, Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, and Lieutenant Cameron, One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteers, were acting in a subordinate capacity when a portion of the forage train which they accompanied was captured by the enemy on the 1st instant, the general commanding does not deem it essential to discipline to dismiss them from service. He, however, reminds these officers that they have committed a grave error and neglect of duty in not remonstrating with the officers in command against the danger of dividing the train, and warns them against a repetition of the offense. He directs that they be publicly reprimanded at the head of their respective regiments for their misconduct; after which they will be relieved from arrest and returned to duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

