
of their movements since my last dispatch, this p.m. One scouts has returned from College Grove. They report the Federal pickets on north side of Harpeth River, 1 mile from the village. Citizens think the force is very strong on the forks of the pike, and that they intend moving in this direction. I shall have other scouting parties coming in during the night. If any force of ours should move against the enemy, I hope you will advise me, that we may participate.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHAPEL HILL, March 11, 1863-10 p.m.

General POLK,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Nothing from he front since my last, at 4 o'clock this evening. My scouts are still out in their vicinity, to report any move they make. General [George B.] Cosby's brigade is in bivouac, 1 mile from here, and report GEneral Van Dorn with his command just behind. I learned at General Cosby's headquarters that they would move at 11 o'clock to-night, via White's Bridge. I have sent a courier to report to General Van Dorn all the facts in my possession about the enemy.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS WALTHALL'S BRIGADE,On Triune Pike, March 11, 1863-9.30 a.m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I send you a dispatch from Colonel Roddey. I was at Colonel Russell's quarters last night just before dark, and learned from him that he had been advised by Lieutenant-Colonel Prather (at Middleton) that Federal General Jefferson C. Davis, with his command, was moving from Murfreesborough toward Eagleville, supposed to be moving to the neighborhood of Franklin. Davis' cavalry, one regiment, were said to be between Salem and Versailles. Colonel Russell said the information came to Lieutenant Colonel [J. S.] Prather from citizens and scouts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,No. 50. Shelbyville, Tenn., March 11, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Brigadier-General Stewart, commanding McCown's division, will at once place his command in readiness, and move with it to Hooker's on the Triune road, the position recently occupied by Brigadier-General Anderson's command. He will leave details in camp, with orders to prepare three days' rations, to be sent on after him.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

