
TULLAHOMA, March 11, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

McMinnville:

Move to Van Dorn's support on our left with all the cavalry you can spare from the line. Enemy is pressing him heavily, but are far from support. We ought to cut him off.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, Tenn., March 11, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general commanding is gratified at the efforts you have taken to discipline and regulate your command. The chief of ordnance can furnish several thousand sabers.

I am, general, with high respect,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, March 11, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

McMinnville:

Brigadier-General [W. T.] Martin, of the cavalry, is here to report to you for assignment. He is a fine soldier and excellent disciplinarian.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MOBILE, March 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive here, being on my way to Lieutenant-General Pemberton's headquarters, two dispatches (telegraphic) from you, by way of Chattanooga, to which I have briefly replied by telegraph.

The first directs me to order General Bragg to Richmond for conference. I shall obey the order as soon as I can. I hope that most meritorious officer's removal is but temporary, and that the Government will adopt no course which might be regarded by the public as evidence of want of confidence in his generalship.

The second asks if I have any resources under my control to meet the advance from Corinth, reported by Lieutenant-General Pemberton; if troops can be spared from Mobile or Mississippi, or from Middle Tennessee for the purpose; if Van Dorn's cavalry, at least, might not return.

The infantry for defense on the land side of Mobile amounts to but 2,500.

I reported to the President in December that nearly 20,000 additional troops were required in Mississippi. Since then Grant's army has been heavily re-enforced. Allow me to remind you also of what I have said of the length of time necessary for the transfer of troops in any considerable number from Mississippi to Tennessee. Those two departments are more distant from each other in time than Eastern Virginia and Middle Tennessee.

In relation to detaching from General Bragg's army, permit me to remind you that I have been for the last two months asking the Department to strengthen it, and representing it as too weak to oppose the

