HEADQUARTERS,Lewisburg, March 12, 1863.

General LEONIDAS POLK,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send to you the news received from a very reliable scout of General Van Dorn's. The scout left Franklin yesterday morning. He states that the Federal force, consisting of sixteen regiments of infantry, eighteen pieces of artillery, and 1,000 cavalry, left Franklin on Monday morning, and advanced on the Columbia and Franklin turnpike against our position at Spring Hill. At the same time, about the same number of cavalry and one piece of artillery advanced on the Carter Creek pike, and 800 Federal cavalry on the Lewisburg pike the evening of the previous day (Sunday). On Sunday evening Generals Sheridan and Steedman left Triune with a force estimated at from 4,000 to 5,000, and marched on Franklin. They have united their forces with the first mentioned, and the whole force is now north of Rutherford Creek, 4 miles from Columbia. I think this news and the estimate of force can be relied on. General Van Dorn will reach Columbia, with Cosby's brigade, to-night. The artillery (ten pieces) in position there. Our whole force of cavalry will be there by daylight in the morning.

Please sent the contents of this, by telegraph, to General Bragg.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

MARCH 12, 1863.

Colonel HAGAN,

Fosterville, Tenn.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant [Belton O.] Nabors reports that the enemy have received additional rations and ammunition at Versailles or Eagleville. About 40 wagons, loaded with said articles, passed down the pike, in the direction of these two places, late last evening. He is immediately on the pike, 3 1/2 miles south of Salem, and will remain there until late this evening. He will get the position, strength, &amp;c., of the enemy, and let me know of it this morning, if possible.

Respectfully,

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CHAPEL HILL, March 12, 1863-5 a.m.

General POLK,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: Nothing new from the enemy since my last. My scouts report everything quiet at 9 o'clock last night. Other scouts will go out on all the roads this morning.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY,Near Unionville, March 12, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: I send a dispatch just received from Colonel Hagan in reference to the enemy's having received additional supplies; also one

