
a quartermaster, formerly a sheriff of Lincoln County, would be the most efficient person to sent to that immediate locality. He is said to be a person of high character and great industry, and to enjoy a large share of popular confidence. I would respectfully recommend that he be ordered to report to Major [J. J.] Walker, General Bragg's chief commissary, for special commissary duty in that section.

It is proper to add that Major Cummings, in charge of the subsistence depot at Atlanta, presents rather a gloomy view of his resources. Among other discouraging items, he informed me that he was compelled to make a weekly shipment of 500,000 pounds of meat for the eastern army. Hence it becomes a matter of most serious concern to gather assiduously all the supplies in the immediate front and on the flanks of General Bragg's army. I shall leave to-morrow to prosecute a further inquiry into the prospects of beef-cattle in Central Alabama.

Very respectfully,

A. D. BANKS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY OUTPOST,Murfreesborough Pike, March 13, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps:

MAJOR: Lieutenant [William G.] Logan, with a small scouting party from Middleton, captured to-day three of the enemy's couriers, on the road leading from Versailles to Salem. The inclosed dispatch* was found on them. Lieutenant Logan reports the enemy to be in force at Versailles; also that a large commissary train went up the pike this morning, in the direction of Murfreesborough. My scouts on this pike report but one brigade of the enemy this side of Stone's River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES HAGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, Middleton, March 13, 1863.

[Colonel JAMES HAGAN:]

COLONEL: This is a copy of an intercepted dispatch. You will see from it that the Yankees perhaps contemplate an attack on Unionville to-morrow. Lieutenant Logan, with 5 men, captured 3 prisoners bearing dispatches-all on Salem and Versailles pike. Still in large force at that place. Have all other scouts on the pike to-night.

Respectfully,JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

P. S.-Sent the original to brigade headquarters.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Stone's River, March 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Commanding Forces at Versailles:

GENERAL: Your letter of March 12 is received, stating that there is perhaps a force of 3,000 of the enemy at Unionville. General Davis

---------------

*See inclosure below.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

