
has been ordered to communicate with you, and perhaps he will decide to attack the force at Unionville, in which case General McCook directs that you act under General Davis' orders, and support him in all his movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

A true copy of intercepted dispatch found on the person of a Federal courier, between Versailles and Salem.

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Commanding at Middleton, Tenn.

CHAPEL HILL, March 13, 1863-Noon.

General POLK,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: My scouts in from the front report everything quiet. I still keep scouting parties in every direction from which the enemy are likely to advance. I think if a sufficient number of good, intelligent guides were furnished, I might annoy the enemy considerably at all times, whether they be going or coming, and to that end have written General Wheeler to get a company that was organized in the country between here and Murfreesborough.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

NEAR EAGLEVILLE, March 13, 1863-2 a.m.

Colonel P. D. RODDEY,

Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: This morning at 11 o'clock four companies of Federal cavalry passed from Eagleville to our old camp, and took the dirt road by Oglesby's to the Chapel Hill and Nashville pike, and advanced in the direction of Chapel Hill. A scout of about the same size went down toward Rover.

The citizens say large numbers of infantry are in Eagleville (I will let you know to-night whether it is so or not). It may be that they are going to White's Bridge, and send the scout on the Nashville pike to draw attention.

Very respectfully,

JAS. MHOON.

CHAPEL HILL, March 13, 1863.

General POLK,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: On my arrival from Unionville, I learn there has been skirmishing between the enemy's cavalry and my outpost, on the Triune pike, at Holt's Corners. Three companies of the enemy present. Major [W. A.] Johnson had gone out with four companies to investigate. My scouts report an advance on that pike 2 miles this side of Eagleville at 3 p.m. Nothing from pickets on that road yet. My scouts in from the direction of Spring Hill report everything quiet 10 miles from here, and no report of any of the Lewisburg and Franklin pike.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

