
20,000 of corn; but I apprehend, from facts which have been brought to my notice, that there is some misunderstanding as to the departmental jurisdiction of the territory in question, General Buckner's quartermaster and agents claiming that it belongs exclusively to their district; and from the inclosed papers you will perceive that steps have been taken by them to prevent my removal of the stores purchased. I therefore crave your further direction in the mater.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. GUY,

Major and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DIST. OF THE GULF,

Mobile, February 20, 1863.

Captain W. H. JEMISON,

Assistant Quartermaster, Demopolis, Ala.:

You will not allow any corn or forage of any kind to be taken from this district. The supply in the district is not sufficient for the demand. If any has been purchased by agents from other districts, you will receive the forage from them, or hold it until they are satisfied that it will not be allowed to leave the district. In the mean time you will contract with any persons who can deliver at this or any future time all the forage you possibly can. Mr. Foote, the agent of this department (quartermaster's) at this place, will be in Demopolis in a few days, and give you full information on the subject.

I am, your obedient servant,

SAM. K. HAYS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster of the District.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

MOBILE, March 11.

Captain J. C. CURRY,

Assistant Quartermaster:

Permit no corn or provisions to leave this department.

SAM. K. HAYS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,No. 11. Mobile, February 27, 1863.

Without special permission from this district office, no provisions, forage, or supplies will be allowed to leave this district. All provisions, forage, or supplies now in the hands of Government agents, purchased in this district, will be seized for the use of the district. Purchases made by Government agents in other districts, and in the course of transit, will not be interfered with.

By command of Major-General Buckner:

[SAM. K. HAYS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster of the District.]

[Inclosure No. 4.]

MARCH 12,[1863.]

Captain J. C. CURRY,

Assistant Quartermaster:

Allow no freight to leave this district for any army.

By order of General Buckner:

SAM. K. HAYS,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

