
CHALEP HILL, March 15, 1863-7 p.m.

General POLK,

Shelbyville, Tenn.:

I have delayed sending dispatch to hear from the front, and now report everything quiet. Inclosed is a note from a scout, who will go toward Murfreesborough as far as he deems prudent.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

[Inclosure.]

EAGLEVILLE, March 15, [1863.]

Colonel RODDEY:

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have scouted the country between Chapel Hill and Eagleville, and have met no enemy. There was a brigade in the town yesterday, but they left for Murfreesborough the same evening. Report says that a few have been to the Harper Church this morning. It is also reported that Horton's [Wharton's] scouts passed through Versailles this a.m., and found no enemy. Nothing more can I discover, either by report or sight.

Yours, very respectfully,

ZENAS MOODY.

CHAPEL HILL, March 15, 1863-Midnight.

General POLK,

Headquarters Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: All quiet in front; no arrival since my last. My couriers account for the length of time getting to Shelbyville as follows: First, from here to Unionville the roads are very bad, making it dangerous to ride rapidly, which I know to be true, having been over it myself several times lately, and, secondly, they say they are frequently stopped on the road by infantry pickets, and detained until an officer is called to let them pass.

I assure you that I now have on the line as good men and horses as belong to the regiment, and they are instructed to carry all communications through as quickly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS,Middleton, Tenn., March 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHARTON,

Commanding at Unionville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my scouts entered Versailles at 2 p.m. to-day, and found that the enemy had left about one hour previous, going in the direction of Murfreesborough. My scouts are now on the pike between Versailles and Salem. I will report any further discoveries on their return.

Very respectfully,

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

