
skirmishers through the Nolensville Hills, to clear out the guerrillas, many of whom will be found disguised as farmers. Your men can look out for forage at the same time.

Very respectfully,

FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-The general also directs that you pick up all of our horses that may be found in that region.

MURFREESBOROUGH, January 23, 1863.

Colonel HARLAN, La Vergne:

It is reported that the enemy are in some force at Franklin. Keep on the qui vive, and know everything that is going on around you.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. R. THOMPSON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, January 23, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

General [Gordon] Granger's command-of twenty regiments of infantry, four of cavalry, and four batteries of artillery-is ordered to report to you, proceeding to Nashville from Louisville via the Ohio and Cumberland Rivers. Transportation has been secured, and they will be ready to start from here by the 26th, I think. The weather is bad, and the ground covered with snow. Some delay may ensue in consequence. If important to you, the movement will be hurried, without regard to the health and comfort of the troops; but if a few days' delay is admissible, they can be sent in much more effective condition. Let me know this. The effective strength of the command, including West Virginia troops, will be about 14,000. If moved in the snow and mud, and compelled to camp in it on the route to Louisville, it will be much reduced.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. RIGHT WING, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Murfreesborough, January 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Third Division:

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: J. M. Phillips, a scout, just in from near Unionville, says that Forrest and Wheeler are at Unionsville and Rover with a large force of cavalry and some two or three pieces of artillery. He says they are clearing the country of stock of all kinds; also produce of all kinds. He also heard cannonading at or near Middleton yesterday about 12 o'clock. Also heard that Cheatham, Withers, and McCown were at Shelbyville. He thinks there are 3,000 cavalry at these two places.

Very respectfully,

JOHN O. NOBLE,

Chief of Scouts.

