
to the person of General Rosecrans, I approve most fully your views. Far be it from my mind, general, to give this undertaking any appearance of a murderous character. My whole nature recoils from anything in this matter that looks toward assassination or murder. You may rest assured that, should the alternative of taking his life or abandoning the entire project be at any time presented me, I shall most assuredly choose the latter. Nothing short of an active effort upon his part to put my own life, or that of my command, in jeopardy would or could, in my opinion, authorize the taking of his life or injury to his person. This, I take it, we have no reasonable ground to apprehend.

I have the honor to be, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. MALONE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fourteenth Alabama Cavalry.

CHATTANOOGA, March 17, 1863.

Major A. D. BANKS, Montgomery:

Find Major [W. W.] Guy. General Buckner's department extends to latitude thirty-three degrees, across the State. I wish you to examine north of it to the mountains, wherever supplies can be transported this way. Can you ascertain what number of damaged arms there are for repair at Montgomery, and at what rate they are repaired?

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The following dispatch has just been received from General Bragg:

We require 400,000 rations of meat to subsist this army up to the 31st of March, besides the 190,000 pounds already sent by Major Cummings. He declines sending any more, unless the Secretary of War, gives the order. The meat must be sent, or we cannot subsist this army. General Johnston ordered Major Cummings up here. He has not come up, nor has he furnished us any supplies since he took charge of subsisting this army.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

I hope that orders may be given in the case. Major Cummings did not obey the commanding general's order to collect supplies in Tennessee for General Bragg, but sent a substitute.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

CHATTANOOGA, March 17, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond:

The 5,000 arms which you informed me you had ordered to General Bragg have not been received. The ordnance officer here reports the receipt of only 1,450. I am informed that the State of Virginia has 10,000 muskets at Lynchburg. Can you not borrow them? Send 1,600 to General [James] Cantey, at Pollard, Ala., and supply General Bragg's army from the rest.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

