
leaving Murfreesborough. The enemy's wagon train took the Nashville road from Salem, and the infantry took the pike from Murfreesborough. I have another scout out, with instructions to follow up the enemy and get all possible information in regard to their movements. I will communicate with you as soon as I can hear from my scout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. PRATHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., March 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHARTON:

GENERAL: Information has reached the lieutenant-general commanding indicating a movement of the enemy from Murfreesborough, on the Nashville pike. He desires to ascertain the truth of the matter, and instructs me to request you to send out strong scouting parties in that direction, charged with the duty of watching this movement and reporting the facts.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY, March 17, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatch received. I had previously sent out a scouting party to ascertain the truth of the reported movement of the enemy. Shall continue to send out scouts until the truth is ascertained, and will report promptly any information received.

Most respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General of Cavalry.

UNIONVILLE, March 17, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding at Shelbyville:

GENERAL: A scout has just returned from College Grove. They report the bridge over Harpeth, near that place, as almost completed; that the enemy have desisted from work on it, saying that it will be finished when they desire to use it. They are yet camped at the junction of this and the College Grove pike.

I am as yet unable to give you certain intelligence as to whether the enemy are retiring from Murfreesborough. Exertions are being made to ascertain this to a certainty, and during the morrow you will be advised.

I send you a late paper with a speech in it from Brady, of New York,

