
SHELBYVILLE, March 19, 1863.

Colonel [G. W.] BRENT, Tullahoma:

The enemy's lines are being searched at all points closely by the cavarly in my front and other scouts. Nothing decisive has yet been developed, but all that is received indicates a movement of some sort. He has taken in all his troops and pickets on this side Stone's River. I hope to have something definite to-day. My command is kept well posted as to the state of things in my front.

L. POLK.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S CAVALRY BRIGADE, March 19, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The parties I sent out to feel the enemy's lines have found that Salem is reoccupied, and the enemy is disposed to push his pickets to the points occupied by them four days since. I had these pickets driven in from 1 mile this side of Salem, on that turnpike, but they were re-enforced to such an extent as to stop the advance of my party. I expect to hear soon from two other parties. The camp-fires last night do not indicate a very heavy force to the left of Murfreesborough.

Very respectfully,WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

FOSTERVILLE, March 19, 1863. (Received Shelbyville, March 19.)

Major JACK:

My scouts report a strong body of the enemy moving toward Eagleville.

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy of above sent to General Wharton, March 19, 1863-8 p. m.)

CHAPEL HILL, March 19, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

Major Johnson has just returned from his scout. He reports finding the Federal pickets, 1 mile this side of College Grove, at daylight. At about sun-up he advanced upon and drove the party from the bridge (the bridge only a skeleton, not complete), and skirmished with him until he burned it. Some time afterward the enemy re-enforced with two regiments of infantry. He fell back, and continued the fight until about 10 or 11 o'clock; then fell back, no one of the enemy pursuing. A Yankee colonel stated to Dr. Webb, yesterday, that their falling back was made to meet a change General Bragg had made, by which move he was likely to get in their rear and cut off their communication with General Grant's army.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

[P. S.]-Rumor says the enemy are fortifying at or near Triune and at or near Dr. Webb's.

