
stand them to be roads toward the south. He was not surrounded or shut in, for his message came through since. I will send orders to Gilbert to intrench.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 15, 1863.

Brigadier General A. BAIRD, Nashville:

See that General Gilbert is instructed to intrench himself strongly, and that he does not suffer or allow himself to be whipped. When we get them well up there, we will fall on them and cut them up.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 15, 1863.

Lieutenant LEROY FITCH,

Commanding Gunboats:

It is of the utmost importance that you should patrol river with gunboats, as follows: One or two should make a patrol up the river as high as Carthage. Rebels are building gunboats up that way, to use in operating against us. Two others ought to patrol between Donelson and Nahsville. Did you receive my two telegrams? Either I must conform my views to yours, or there must be concerted action between us, so that all necessary action be taken.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEEDMAN,

Concord Church:

(To be forwarded to commanding officer at La Vergne.)

Yours of 3rd received. There is daily difficulty with our telegraph lines from La Vergne to Nashville. The general commanding directs you to send scouting party through the hills to your left, to see if there are any lurking rebels. There are probably many of Dick McCann's men on visits to otheir homes, some of whom do this mischief.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

LA VERGNE, February 15, 1863.

F. S. BOND, Aide-de-Camp:

The roads from La Vergne to Jefferson and to Nashville, and all between them, are patrolled. The patrols returning from Stone's River late this evening report that the river has risen 8 feet and is not fordable. What do you mean by Lebanon pike? Is it the pike from Lebanon to Nashville, or from this place to Jefferson? When was the rebel force

