
MARSHALL'S COMMAND.

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL.

9th Georgia Artillery Battalion, Major A. Leyden.

One company Kentucky Cavalry,* Captain E. Trimble.

1st Kentucky Mounted Rifles* (battalion), Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Clay.

2nd Kentucky Mounted Rifles* (battalion), Major T. Johnson.

4th Kentucky Cavalry,* Colonel H. L. Giltner.

5th Kentucky, Colonel H. Hawkins.

10th Kentucky Mounted Rifles,+ Colonel B. E. Caudill.

Kentucky Mounted Rifles* (two companies), Captain G. M. Jessee.

Kentucky Partisan Rangers* (one company), Captain W. J. Fields.

Louisiana Mounted Rifles++ (one company), Captain O. P. Miller.

27th Virginia Battalion* (Partisan Rangers), Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Edmundson.

64th Virginia, Colonel C. Slemp.

Virginia cavalry company, Captain J. A. McFarlane.

Virginia battery, Captain George S. Davidson.

Virginia battery, Captain W. C. Jeffress.

RICHMOND, VA., March 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch in cipher of the 18th instant, and if it has been correctly deciphered, I fear mine to you of the 16th was not.

As many mistakes in the transmission by telegraph of such dispatches are made, I inclose a correct copy of mine and one of yours, as deciphered here.

You will see that I referred in my dispatch to the proposed movement of General Marshall, and not to that of the cavalry of East Tennessee, into Kentucky, as likely to create a diversion in your favor.

I did not intend to express the opinion that Generals Bragg and Pemberton might not be attacked at the same time, but that the enemy would not attack our positions in Southwestern Virginia, East Tennessee, and Mobile simultaneously with those occupied by General Bragg in Middle Tennessee and General Pemberton in Mississippi and Louisiana.

One purpose was to direct your attention and to receive your opinion mainly upon two points: First, as to the practicability of strengthening the army in Middle Tennessee by drawing to it for temporary use a portion of the troops of other commands in your department; and, secondly, to have your advice in relation to the proposition of General Marshall for an advance by his force into Kentucky.

Since the date of my dispatch, an unexpected activity has been exhibited by the enemy in Northern Virginia. General Lee concurred with me in an anxious desire to send you re-enforcement. Indeed, for months he has looked to and hoped for a condition of things, such as the enemy going into winter quarters or the like, which might enable him to detach a corps for service in the West. The desire continues, but the prospect, for the reason above stated, is now less promising than at the date of my telegram.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

---------------

*Reported as "En route to Kentucky."

+Or 11th Mounted Infantry; afterward 13th Kentucky Cavalry.

++Organized at Lynchburg, Va.

---------------

