
Dispatch is from Winnow's Camp Ground, dated 10 a. m., as follows:

A brigade of Federal cavalry reported to have come to Harpeth River on 17th. On 15th, 6,000 infantry reported passing from Murfreesborough to Triune. Salem evacuated. No reliable information of enemy moving toward Nashville. Corn is being hauled this side of Stone's River by the enemy and thrown in piles.

General Wharton, at 8.30 p. m., says:*

* * * * *

L. POLK.

TULLAHOMA, March 20, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK:

The following dispatch received this morning from Columbia:

General BRAGG:

I am watching enemy. I have just received report this moment that the enemy are advancing upon me on the three pikes-Lewisburg, Carter Creek, and Columbia. I had made every preparation to march in the morning, in obedience to your orders. Am ready to fight, and will do so.

EARL VAN DORN.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 20, 1863.]

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Headquarters Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The scouts sent in the direction of Murfreesborough have returned. They got near Murfreesborough, and still got no information, except from citizens, all of whom seem to think the enemy meditate a backward movement. But so far no actual movement has been made, except that spoken of toward Triune or Franklin. The soldiers are kept strictly within their guard lines. None have been out, except scouting parties on duty since last Friday. My scouts were compelled to return, after getting in sight of Murfreesborough from hills adjacent, for want of guides. The man guiding them took sick and was compelled to return, and they could procure none other in the country; otherwise they would have gone on the roads from Murfreesborough to Nashville, as directed. I wish you would interest yourself in procuring some good company made up in this country to assist us in this vicinity. I am sure I could make it pay well.

Very respectfully and truly,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

SHELBYVILLE, March 20, [1863]-6 p. m.

General BRAGG, Tullahoma:

I send you the following, received from Colonel Roddey:

Nothing further from my scouts. The only excitement to-day is occasioned by the news that the enemy are out with several scouting parties. One party said to be on the Eagleville road, one on the Nashville road, and another our northwest of this place, and we are trying to find out what they are after.

L. POLK.

---------------

*See Wharton to Polk, p. 710.

---------------

