
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WITHERS' DIV., PIONEER CORPS,

Numbers 5. Shelbyville, March 21, 1863.

I. Major-General Withers resumes command of the division.

II. Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers having been transferred by Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 43, dated Chattanooga, March 17, 1863, Brigadier General Patton Anderson is assigned to the command of that brigade, and it will be designated as Anderson's brigade.

III. The Fourth Brigade, heretofore Anderson's brigade, will be designated as Manigault's brigade, and will be commanded by Colonel A. M. Manigault.

By command of Major-General Withers:

[D. E. HUGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

TULLAHOMA, March 22, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In obedience to my orders from the Commissary-General, I report myself for the duty to which I have been assigned, as general purchasing commissary for your army.

In order to make my operations successful, it appears to me to be necessary that all purchasing officers and agents now purchasing should, as soon as convenient, report to me for further instructions. This is necessary in order to prevent conflict.

But for that fact, I would prefer that those now making purchases should continue under the orders of their chief, and whatever I might be able to do, let it be auxiliary to the arrangements already made. I propose as far as practicable, to conform to the orders of the Secretary of War in regard to prices, &c., and will try in all things to exercise sound discretion.

To me it appears necessary that you issue an order requiring all purchasing officers and agents to report to me, and an order that, when necessary, I shall have the use of transportation and the assistance of the military.

With this aid from you, I promise to feed your army as long as it is possible for it to be done.

If these views meet your approval, please make the necessary orders, and I will continue my organization, and will visit the different depots of your army, and will do my best to supply your wants. If these views do not meet your approval, please indicate your wishes, and I will obey them as far as consistent with my other duties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. CUMMINGS,

Major and General Purchasing Commissary.

UNIONVILLE, March 22, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find dispatch from General Van Dorn. I sent 200 men to cross Harpeth below College Grove, and attack to-morrow the enemy between Franklin and Triune. I likewise ordered Roddey to advance a portion of his regiment to College Grove. This was done before I heard from General Van Dorn, and I am glad of it,

