
as it will be a diversion in his favor. I have two scouting parties now in rear of Murfreesborough; will hear from them to-morrow. The enemy followed Roddey to College Grove last evening. Has General Bragg been transferred?

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

CHAPEL HILL, March 22, 1863-3 p. m.

GENERAL: Inclosed dispatch has just reached me within the last five minutes. I shall not fail to keep General Van Dorn notified of any movement of the enemy within my knowledge. All quiet in my front to-day.

Very respectfully,

P. D. RODDEY,

Colonel.

[Sub-Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY CORPS, Spring Hill, Tenn., March 21, 1863.

Colonel RODDEY,Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: I send a brigade and section of artillery around the post of Franklin to Brentwood to-night, and will make a demonstration in front of that place (Franklin) to-morrow morning. Communicate this please, to General Polk at Shelbyville.

Let me know your movements. I shall remain in this vicinity some time unless driven back again.

Please inform me of any movement this way by the enemy.

Yours, &amp;c.,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

COLLEGE GROVE, Sunday Evening, [March 22, 1863]-3 o'clock.

Colonel RODDEY:

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from you this morning, we proceeded down the pike leading from College Hill to College Grove until we discovered the outposts of the enemy. We met with no obstruction between College Hill and the bank of Harpeth River. Dr. Webb informed us that a man who we perceived standing on the pike, about a quarter of a mile on the farther side of the river, was the Yankee picket. We received information from a lady in the Grove that on Friday morning the Yankees ambushed for your command, in the lower part of town. We also heard (and give it as a report to be investigated) that the enemy camped on this side of Harpeth, below Eagleville, last night.

We learned that the force of the enemy who followed you across the river yesterday consisted of 400 cavalry and 300 infantry. They gave our boys credit for good fighting, and were badly scared.

Yours, respectfully,

[ZENAS] MOODY.

46 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

