
He learned that Rosecrans' army was still at Murfreesborough; that he has received no re-enforcement lately; that he has fortified all around the town; fortifications from Mr. James' to Stone's River, toward Breckinridge's line, extending on both sides of the river. They have torn down the Murphy house (General Cheatham's headquarters), and erected fortifications in its stead. Fortifications on Little's plantation.

McCook's corps is near Salem; his headquarters at Tom Turner's, 2 miles from Salem, toward Murfreesborough. They were under arms all Wednesday night, occasioned by Captain Gordon's attack upon them that evening. They pretend to expect an attack from General Bragg, who, they say, has received large re-enforcements. Yankee officers say, if we want a fight, we will have to come to them.

No truth in reports about demoralization. Officers say conscript law will be enforced.

Couriers to Triune and Franklin do not travel the Wilkinson pike, but go out several miles on the Nashville road, and then turn off. Captain Gordon was within one-half mile of their main camp on Wilkinson pike. He would have attacked it, but thought his presence ought not to be made known, as he might be called upon to go again, in which, I think, he acted wisely.

I have several scouts out, the result of which I will report promptly. I will be in town to-morrow, to see you, if nothing occurs to prevent.

Twenty-three Federal cavalry who would approach the rear of Shelbyville, within 1 1/2 miles of Triune, would be considered bold and daring scouts.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I send you a report of General Morgan's fight at Auburn on the 20th, which you have doubtless had the particulars of.

LEBANON, March 23, 1863.

General WHARTON,

Unionville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your instructions, we sent a scout night before last in direction of Murfreesborough. They could not proceed farther than Black's Shop, 7 miles from Murfreesborough, where they found a brigade of the enemy encamped. All the crossings of Stone's River were guarded by a chain of pickets, and they could not effect a crossing.

Last week (the latter part) the enemy sent three brigades up the Shelbyville pike.

Lieutenant [Charles T.] Burgess, who was sent on the scout, reports that he saw a Mrs. Ware, just from Murfreesborough, who reported to him that she was told by Mr. [William] Spence, a Union merchant of the town, that he intended moving all of his goods north this week; and all the citizens report an unusual number of cars at Murfreesborough, and it is their impression that it is for an advance movement.

General Morgan had a sharp skirmish near Liberty on Friday last; suffered some loss, sand had to fall back.

I think we will get the number of artillery horses you wished, although they are scarce. We will start back to-morrow morning.

