HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Unionville, March 24, 1863-2 p. m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: My scouts have all returned. Twelve men, sent between Triune and Murfreesborough, ambuscaded a party of Federals on the dirt road; wounded 2, and put the party to flight. My men returned in safety.

The Eleventh Texas was sent below College Grove, on Harpeth, but could not draw the enemy into battle. They captured 1 cavalryman from Johnson's First Tennessee Cavalry. I will send him to-morrow.

No change in the enemy's position. The Second Georgia, under Major [F. M.] Ison, drove them from the forks of the pike yesterday toward Triune. I attack them every day. Steedman is still at Triune. I think he has only two brigades.

Last Wednesday a very large train of wagons, joined by two brigades of infantry, went from Murfreesborough to Nashville.

I hope in the course of a few days to send you a large Yankee mail. Malone stays away unaccountably, and he has a guide of mine with him who would now be worth [his weight] in gold. If you know his whereabouts, please say to him I desire his return.

I would be much obliged for late papers. I have no news from Van Dorn.

Please let me know the extent of Morgan's disaster.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

WOODBURY, March 24, 1863-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry of Unionville:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Burgess has just handed me the inclosed dispatch.* He says he saw Major [Richard] McCann on his way to-day, and he states that he took a scout across the river and went around Murfreesborough, and fired into a train, day before yesterday, about 9 miles from there. He reports that the enemy are being heavily re-enforced at Murfreesborough from Nashville. He saw five trains go up loaded heavily with soldiers. Nothing else new here.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

BAXTER SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth [Eighth] Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Unionville, March 25, 1863-7.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have but little to communicate. The enemy maintain their same position. I have several important scouts out, which will return to-morrow and next day. Will you be kind enough to request Colonel [W. B.] Richmond to send inclosed telegram, and also the letter

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

