
Woodbury. Colonel Smith is one of the most gallant and efficient officers I have.

I have sent the Texas Rangers this morning on a scout near Murfreesborough, with instructions to ambuscade the enemy, if possible. Have had no report from them, but hope that it may result in something favorable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Cavalry.

P. S.-Report from Colonel Ferrill, of the Rangers, just in, which I inclose you.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TEXAS RANGERS, March 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHARTON:

GENERAL: According to your order of yesterday, I this morning proceeded with my regiment to within 2 miles of Salem, and made my ambuscade, and sent Captain [S. P.] Christian, with Lieutenant [W. L.] Smith and 40 men, to draw them on, but to no avail. Lieutenant Smith went into Salem and saw only about 25 cavalry, with whom they exchanged a few shots; also saw the camp of the infantry; thinks about a large brigade. No cavalry camp there that I can find. I did all I could to draw them off, but to no purpose. I could find no papers or information.

Very respectfully,S. C. FERRILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Texas Rangers.

P. S.-I also saw a gentleman who said he was from Mechanicsville, and belonged to General Polk's secret corps, who informed me that he saw a Dr. Jennings, who said that he was upon the Nashville and Murfreesborough pike on the morning of the 26th instant, and that he staid upon the pike for at least an hour, and a train of wagons and artillery passed during the time, and they had not ceased to pass when he left. The wagons had a large guard, consisting of infantry. The doctor supposed they were falling back from Murfreesborough to Nashville.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 81. Tullahoma, March 28, 1863.

* * * * * *

IX. Colonel P. D. Roddey's regiment of Alabama cavalry is detached from Brigadier-General Martin's division, and will proceed to Northern Alabama.

On his arrival at the Tennessee River, Colonel Roddey will relieve Brigadier General S. A. M. Wood, in command of the district of Northern Alabama, and, on being relieved, General Wood will rejoin his brigade.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

