
toward Eagleville. They met a body of Yankee cavalry 1 mile this side; charged them, captured 4 and mortally wounded 2. They were all mounted infantry. I expect to move a portion of my command soon around to Lebanon. I am under obligations for late papers. I send you some late Northern ones and the message of the Governor of Indiana.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, March 31, 1863.

Major M. B. McMICKEN:

MAJOR: I came here Saturday last to procure men, material, and provisions for my work on the Nashville and Decatur Railroad. Have succeeded, and return to-day with everything I wanted, except rope. I telegraphed you last night, after talking with Captain Kerr, asking you to telegraph him, to care of Major Cummingham, and give him permission to purchase, for bridge purposes, three coils of rope, and give him the sizes wanted. I hope you will grant him permission, as we cannot get along without rope.

Have you arranged about an engine for west side of Tennessee River? I gave Colonel Cole the order as you directed, but the next morning, after informing me he could not comply, he started to see you. I have not seen him since. Colonel [Samuel] Tate is ready now for an engine. I was with him last Saturday, and the grade on the east of Tennessee River is nearly done. His cars are ready to go over. Sloan has a good, safe boat for transferring them over their roads.

On my particular road, as soon as Sulphur Branch is done, a large amount of corn can be shipped from south of Elk River, and, by the time that is carried off, I will have that bridge done. There is also two spans of bridge to build just south of Pulaski, over Richland Creek, which will complete the road, as far as I can learn. You can rely on my trestling over streams, and not waiting for permanent bridge, if can save time.

Should you write me, direct to Huntsville, care of Colonel Tate, and the letter will be forwarded. Should you telegraph, direct to Athens, Ala.

Respectfully, yours,

J. W. GOODWIN,

Major and Mail Superintendent of Railroads.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 68. Tullahoma, Tenn., March 31, 1863.

The general commanding announces with pride and gratification to the troops of his command two brilliant and successful affairs, recently achieved by the forces of the cavalry of Major-General Van Dorn.

On the 5th instant, Major-General Van Dorn made a gallant charge upon a large force of the enemy at Thompson's Station. He utterly routed them, killing and wounding a large number, capturing 1,221 prisoners, including 73 commissioned officers, and many arms.

On the 25th Brigadier-General Forrest, with the troops of his command, daringly assailed the enemy at Brentwood, who could not withstand the vigor and energy of the attack, and surrendered. The results

