
ultimo. It was received by me on the 22nd, and forwarded on the 23rd ultimo, by courier, to Brigadier-General Marshall.

It seems to me clear that some mistake must exist as to the amount of mounted men supposed to belong to Brigadier-General Marshall's command, which it is stated that, "organized as he contemplates," will "amount to 6,000 mounted men," unless it was intended to mount all of his infantry force, including those regiments which were included in Brigadier-General Marshall's report, but not really under his control, that were in Eastern Virginia.

D. S. DONELSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, April 1, 1863.

General COOPER:

The following intelligence has been received from Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

General Burnside succeeded Wright in command of the Department of Ohio. His old corps left Baltimore the 23rd. Steamers awaiting them at Parkersburg, on Ohio, to operate in Kentucky.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, April 1, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

The Secretary of State has received the following from a gentleman, entirely trustworthy, just from New York:

A great crisis is expected in Kentucky. I am led to believe that the 20,000 men of Burnside's old army corps (Ninth), which was dispatched westward in night trains since Sunday, March 22, are destined for that quarter.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

TULLAHOMA, April 2, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

Your dispatch received. Should not Burnside's move from east to west produce a similar one by us? A part, at least, of Sigel's troops are known to be with Rosecrans.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., April 2, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your communication, suggesting that commanders be allowed to impose duties of mere routine upon an intelligent staff officer of rank, has been considered. I know of no rule which forbids such an arrangement of duties in your office, except that which requires the signatures of commanders in the ascending line. This rule the Depart-

