
ment has, in several instances, permitted officers commanding armies to relax, and the privilege is accorded to your office, with the remark that papers of primary importance should receive your personal consideration.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 69. Tullahoma, April 2, 1863.

The general commanding is gratified at the inspection report of Colonels Roddey and Patterson's regiments of cavalry, made by Lieutenant Colonel Grenfell, inspector of cavalry. The officers and men of these regiments were found to be zealous in the performance of their respective duties; the discipline was excellent, and the conduct of the men toward the citizens in the neighborhood of their camp was most praiseworthy. The arms were in good condition, and the clothing of the men neat and uniform. In the entire two regiments, after a close and careful inspection, only four horses were condemned as unserviceable. The discipline on parade was excellent. The men formed quietly at the command of their officers in a quick and soldierlike manner. The outposts of both regiments were visited by Colonel Grenfell, who found the pickets well placed and the vedettes watchful. The report of the inspection speaks volumes for the efficiency, energy, and fitness of the officers of these regiments, and is worthy the emulation of the different cavalry commands of this army.

The general commanding tenders his thanks to Colonels Roddey and Patterson, and the gallant officers and men of their commands, for the interest manifested by them in perfecting their discipline and increasing their efficiency.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF GEORGIA, ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE, Milledgeville, April 2, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Western Armies, Tullahoma:

GENERAL: By the inclosed copy of a petition for aid, addressed to the Governor of this State, you will see that a disturbance has begun in the northwestern part of this State (Walker and Dade Counties), which, if not suppressed, may be of serious evil. It has been represented to the Governor by the representatives from that region that a cavalry force, combined with infantry, will be the most effectual in restoring quiet and security. A company from the Georgia State Line (infantry) has been ordered to La Fayette, Walker County, to report to the Confederate officer you may charge with the suppression of the disturbance, and to co-operate with him. His Excellency requests you to send promptly a company of cavalry, or other mounted force, to the same place, the rendezvous, under a judicious, energetic officer to take command of the expedition, and to assert the authority of the Confederacy. As these misguided people are our own citizens, His Excellency desires that

47 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

