HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY, Unionville, April 4, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: The Eleventh Texas and Third Confederate Regiments of my command left to-day for Liberty, via Fairfield, Pocahontas, Woodbury, and Mechanicsville, if practicable. The balance of my command move to-morrow, the same route, with orders to rendezvous near Liberty. The Eleventh Texas and Third Confederate will camp at Fairfield to-night. I was relieved this morning by Colonel Russell, and the line is established as you desired. I will leave one regiment and a battalion, with one piece of artillery, at Beech Grove. All your orders in regard to moving and picketing have been complied with.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I will leave to-morrow, and will come by McMinnville.

TULLAHOMA, April 5, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

General Van Dorn writes that a spy reports that in Nashville large re-enforcements are expected for Rosecrans. A gentleman just from Louisville reports that the Federals are sending all boats to bring Grant's troops to Tennessee. Lieutenant-General Pemberton telegraphed on the 3rd, "Scout near Memphis reports, April 1, all boats pressed; thirty went down empty Saturday and Sunday." He adds, "Possibly intend re-enforcing Rosecrans."

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

CHAPEL HILL, April 5, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: My scouts have just returned from College Grove. They report that Colonel [J. W.] Starnes captured a party of the enemy at Starnes' Mill yesterday evening. The enemy were in line of battle at College Grove nearly all day. Colonel Starnes, who camped there last night, retired this morning. Scouts entered the town about half an hour after the enemy left, and reported their number between 300 and 500. No infantry crossed the river.

JOSIAH PATTERSON,

Colonel Cavalry Regiment.

MRS. GLASCOCK'S, Woodbury Road, April 5, 1863-8.45 p. m.

Major D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, McMinnville, Tenn.:

I drove in the rear, about 5 p. m., of the force that came out from Woodbury this morning. It proved to be a regiment of infantry, with a small cavalry force, to draw me out into the ambuscade they had pre-

