
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 16, 1863.

Numbers 21. I. The following regulations are established for trains in this army: There will be allowed, for headquarters of each division, 7 wagons; for mechanics' tools and materials at division headquarters, 1 wagon; for headquarters of each brigade, 4 wagons; for mechanics' tools and materials at brigade headquarters, 1 wagon; for the field and staff of each infantry regiment, 1 wagon; for the hospital department of each infantry regiment, 1 wagon; for each company of infantry, 1 wagon; for each regiment of cavalry, 25 wagons; for each battery of artillery, the same number of wagons that there are guns in the battery. There will be an ammunition train of 25 wagons for each division, to be under the control of the division ordnance officer. All transportation in excess of this allowance will be at once reported to the chief quartermaster, and turned over under his direction.

II. Each company wagon will be plainly marked on the body with the letter of the company and number of the regiment to which it belongs, and the company commander will be held responsible for its condition, and that the animals are properly cared for.

III. Each company wagon will, in addition to the company baggage, carry four days' rations for the command, and two boxes of ammunition of caliber suited to its arm. On marches, each wagon will be required to carry three days' short forage for its animals.

IV. It is made the duty of all inspectors to report any excess of this allowance in any regiment, brigade, or division.

V. Quartermasters and other officers responsible for means of transportation will hereafter be held strictly accountable for the condition of the wagons and animals under their charge, and that all public animals in their possession are properly and plainly branded. Inspectors are especially directed to report any officer neglecting this class of public property.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 16, 1863.

Numbers 44.

XIII. Brigadier General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Fifth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, is authorized to mount the Second Brigade (Wilder's) of his command.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, February 17, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

A dispatch just received from Major-General Hurlbut, Memphis, saying Van Dorn is crossing the Tennessee River at Bainbridge, Florence,

