
pared. At that hour (5 p. m.) they had no force on this side of Woodbury. I have information of only one regiment of infantry being at Woodbury. The cavalry force there has gone up the Short Mountain road, probably as high as Smithville. With that information, I moved to this point, with a view to prevent a force coming in my rear from Short Mountain.

I received a dispatch late this morning from Lieutenant-Colonel [J. M.] Bounds, commanding the Eleventh Texas, stating that that regiment and the Third Confederate, under Lieutenant-Colonel [W. N.] Estes, were at Jacksborough, and would encamp 3 miles nearer McMinnville than that point, and, if I needed their assistance, they would come here before proceeding to McMinnville.

I would respectfully ask of the major-general to grant me the privilege of taking my own and those two regiments, and go to-morrow morning, by way either of Smithville or by Woodbury, on the Short Mountain road, and see what can be done with the cavalry force that has gone there. I would like to have an immediate answer. I would respectfully ask the major-general to permit me to order Captain [J. W.] Nichol, Company G, of my command, to my regiment. It is at Bradyville. I would like to have the latest information that you have in reference to General Morgan's position at present. I have a scout out toward the Short Mountain road, and as soon as it comes in I will send you another dispatch. I also have one on the other flank.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

BAXTER SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Tennessee Cavalry.

P. S.-It is impossible for me to give information to the command at Smithville or Liberty of any movements of the enemy under present circumstances, unless they are sent by McMinnville.

RICHMOND, April 6, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

GENERAL: It appears from your letter of the 28th ultimo, recently received, that we have mutually misunderstood each other in our correspondence in reference to re-enforcing your position in Tennessee, but the matter is now cleared up. Upon investigation, I have learned that General Marshall's infantry force is very small. His strength in cavalry is comparatively greater; but as your more urgent need is not for this arm of the service, I have not wished to burden you with the cavalry of General Marshall.

I am anxious to re-enforce your army, and will do so when it is practicable. The withdrawal of Burnside's corps for the defense of Kentucky defeats the hope I had that a movement into that State might compel Rosecrans to detach a part of his command; but if Marshall pushes his force with activity, it may prevent any further re-enforcements from the East being sent to Rosecrans. Events here and at Charleston have not fully developed the plans of the enemy.

One of my aides-de-camp, Colonel [Joseph C.] Ives, is now engaged upon the duty you suggested, in Mississippi, which will obviate the necessity of Colonel [W. P.] Johnston extending his visit to that portion of your command.

Very respectfully, and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

