
TULLAHOMA, April 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Brigadier-General Donelson applies for a leave of absence, on surgeon's certificate. The surgeon recommends two months. It is important at this juncture to have a man of ability in his place. I request the Government to send one without delay.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, April 8, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Tullahoma:

Can you not send a ranking officer to command Department of East Tennessee, say General Preston, until another can be ordered on your dispatch of yesterday? General Jackson, who has been assigned to that command by General Donelson, is junior to General Davis, who is serving in that department.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 76. Tullahoma, Tenn., April 9, 1863.

I. The following order from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, dated Richmond, January 19, 1863, is published for the information and observance of the army:

Hereafter all field artillery belonging to any separate army will be parked together, under direction of the general or other chief officer of artillery having control of the same, to be distributed, when required, according to the judgment of the commanding general of such army.

II. In the provost condition of the army, a strict compliance with this order cannot be exacted. The general commanding therefore directs that the field artillery shall be parked together in the respective corps to which it belongs. The artillery for the several commands on outpost duty shall be distributed by them when required.

III. A provost-marshal-general will be assigned to duty at army headquarters, with one assistant. Corps commanders will detail a field officer, with one assistant, for duty at corps headquarters, a captain for division headquarters, and a lieutenant for brigade headquarters. These officers will be charged with the duties of provost-marshals, and will report regularly to the provost-marshal of the army. These officers will be detailed from the supernumerary officers of their commands, and their names forwarded to these headquarters.

IV. The general commanding has been informed that a free and unrestricted intercourse with prisoners of war has been allowed to the officers and soldiers of this army and the citizens. This practice is most pernicious to the well-being and discipline of the army. Such intercourse will not hereafter be allowed except upon written permission.

V. The scarcity of forage in this command renders the strictest care and economy in the issue necessary. All issues of forage to persons not holding commissions in the service or entitled to draw therefrom, is strictly prohibited.

VI. Officers and soldiers who are not entitled by law to be mounted, will not be allowed to keep horses within the limits of this army.

VII. Copies of all special and general orders of corps commanders

