
SELMA ARSENAL, April 11, 1863.

Major A. D. BANKS,

A. A. G., General Johnston's Hdqrs., Tullahoma, Tenn.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 10th instant, in relation to supplies of bayonets. It is impossible to state how many can be turned out per week, or in any definite time, as the machinery for making them and the blacksmith shops for forging have now yet been completed. I have but few machines at work upon them as yet, but am striving to put additional machinery and men on that work. Situated as we now are, with but newly erected shops, limited quantity of machinery, and limited number of skillful workmen, it is impossible to keep any men and tools exclusively on any particular work, especially when the demands are so various and urgent for different kinds of work.

Application was made to both General Bragg and General Pemberton for details of men to work in this arsenal, but both peremptorily declined granting any. I beg that the necessity of these details may be fully represented to General Johnston, and that you will endeavor to procure them for me. I would like about 10 good machinists, 20 or 30 good blacksmiths, and 50 good gunsmiths, if so many can possibly be spared.

Inclosed I send you an extract of orders received from Ordnance Bureau; but whenever there are sufficient stores for the supply of both armies, I can send such as may not be required by General Pemberton's command and the army west of the Mississippi, to Major Wright at Atlanta, for the Army of Tennessee. The arms which you asked to be prepared for the latter army are now ready for issue.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. WHITE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, April 11, 1863.

Major-General BUCKNER:

GENERAL: Intelligence from Louisville, Nashville, and Memphis indicates that Grant's army may join that of Rosecrans. Should Lieutenant-General Pemberton discover that such a movement is begun, he will inform you of it. On receiving such information, please send your infantry (that which I saw under General Cumming) to this point as expeditiously as possible. The Army of Mississippi will supply its place by detaching to you in case of necessity. Lieutenant-General Pemberton is instructed to send back Stevenson's division under the same circumstances. Your troops, starting first, could easily keep the lead.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Tullahoma, Tenn., April 11, 1863.

DEAREST FRIEND: You will see by the leading of this note that I have changed my location since I last wrote. To-day has been a great day with us. There has been a grand review of the army to-day-beyond all doubt the grandest affair of the war. The troops were reviewed by General J. E. Johnston. Sixty thousand infantry marched in the

