
grandest order before that old chieftain. Just behold the heroes that accompanied him, such as Generals Bragg, Polk, Hardee, Breckinridge, and a host of others with unstained reputation. I think I can safely say that we have here one of the grandest armies that ever walked upon earth, and General Bragg has made it what it is. General Johnston is here; he commands the department, General Bragg the army. I am now on General Bragg's staff. He order me from Chattanooga to him, and I am now one of his inspectors-general. Our army is very healthy, and everything in it walks a chalk-line. Oh, if you could only have been here to-day, to hear the elegant music! It took the troops four hours to march by General Johnston. They passed in review in column by companies, with music from one end of the army to the other, and although these reviews come every week or two, yet I think it was the grandest sight I ever witnessed, with almost a thousand flags wafted in the breeze. Upon [some] you see the number of the regiment, and inscribed below on some you see Shiloh, Fort Donelson, Munfordville, Perryville, Fishing Creek, Murfreesborough, &amp;c. Almost all the troops here are becoming veterans.

It is now 12 o'clock. I stop to listen to the beautiful musi-a band serenading Generals Hardee and Breckinridge, just below, on the opposite side of the street.

We are not expecting a fight soon. General Rosecrans is badly frightened. Such cavalry as we have here never has been known. Our little Texan, General Van Dorn, is playing the wild work with the Yankees with his cavalry. Forrest, Morgan, and Wheeler are equally as good.*

J. P. BALTZELL.

Assistant Inspector-General.

TULLAHOMA, April 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

General Pegram writes that the indications in Kentucky point to an early invasion of East Tennessee. It might be prevented by General S. Jones invading Kentucky in connection with General Marshall.

Intelligence from Mississippi is that Grant is re-enforcing Rosecrans strongly, probably with his main force.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 13, 1863,

Colonel B. S. EWELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Captain Reed, a very intelligent officer, sent with General Marshall to procure supplies, returned last night, and confirmed what I learned from a secret agent, the substance of which I telegraphed you yesterday. He places General Marshall's force at 1,800 to 2,000; says he was,on the 5th instant, at or near Hazle Green, Ky. He spoke at one time of going to Winchester, and the secret agent, Smith, says he left General Marshall on the 6th; that he was then marching toward Winchester. Captain Reed says General Marshall had collected no

---------------

*This letter was intercepted at Simsport, La., in May, 1863, and forwarded to Headquarters U. S. Army, by General Banks, June 3, 1863.

---------------

