
supplies; that his men were not in a very fine state of efficiency, there being much straggling.

Captain Reed informs me that General Marshall, on his entry into Kentucky went to Louisa on the Big Sandy; that he there found a force of the enemy entrenched, with artillery and infantry; that the general did not think it advisable to attack them. Captain Reed learned in Kentucky that the enemy had come up to Paintville. They were reported to be 2,300 strong; their cavalry had advanced to Salyersville. When General Marshall went into Kentucky he left his infantry, of which he had but 900 effective men; 600 he ordered to follow him; they had not reached Pound Gap last Friday, and, believing as I did that the enemy would be between them and General Marshall, and that they would be liable to be overpowered if they attempted a juncture with General Marshall, I ordered them to stop at Pound Gap, as I telegraphed you.

It occurred to me that if General Marshall had gone toward Winchester, as reported, the enemy would follow and endeavor to get him inclosed between their force and such over troops as might be sent against him from Lexington or other places; that his infantry would have no certain knowledge of his position, as any couriers sent by General Marshall would scarcely get through. It also appeared probable that if General Marshall found he was followed by the force of the enemy reported as advancing from Paintville, and that his line of retreat by Pound Gap was obstructed he would essay to cross the Kentucky River and come out by the route by which General G. W. Morgan (Federal) made his escape from the Gap, in which case there then would, I consider be no possibility for his infantry to effect a junction with him.

The order issued by me to stop General Marshall's infantry has been revoked, and they have been ordered to proceed as the general commanding has directed. The time lost will not exceed twelve hours.

I have ordered 60 cavalry to Pound Gap, to co-operate with a small regiment of General Marshall's, which he had ordered to remain near there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

W. G. M. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, April 14, 1863.

General S. COOPER;

Intelligence from Kentucky indicates invasion of East Tennessee by Burnside. That from Mississippi, that Grant is sending large force, probably his main body, to Rosecrans. Cannot General S. Jones co-operate with Marshall to make a diversion? A competent commander is required in East Tennessee immediately. I have recommended Major-General Ewell.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

KNOXVILLE, April 14, [1863.]

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

On receipt of information that enemy had landed at Paintville, and mounted 2,300 men, and that General Marshall was at Hazle Green, going to Winchester, I ordered his infantry, 600 strong, to halt at Pound

