
[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, March 24, 1863.

To avoid conflict and competition between the officers of this department in the purchase of army supplies, and, as far as possible, between officers of this department and those of the Ordnance Bureau or Commissary Department, in the purchase of supplies common to both, quartermasters are especially directed to observe the following regulations:

1st. The following-named States will constitute separate purchasing districts, and the officers herein designated will have, respectively, in each the exclusive control, in person or through subordinates of all purchases of supplies needed by this department:

1. Virginia, Lieutenant Colonel L. Smith, Richmond.

2. North Carolina, Major W. W. Pierce, Raleigh.

3. South Carolina, Major Huston Lee, Charleston.

4. Georgia, Major I. T. Winnemore, Augusta.

5. Alabama, Major J. L. Calhoun, Montgomery.

6. Mississippi, Major L. Mims, Jackson.

7. Florida, Major H. R. Teasdale, Lake City.

8. Louisiana, Major G. W. Grice, Alexandria.

9. Texas, Major S. Hart, San Antonio.

10. Arkansas and Missouri, Major J. B. Burton, Little Rock.

11. Tennessee and Kentucky, Major James Glover, Knoxville.

2nd. It shall be the duty of these principal purchasing officers to establish, and from time to time regulate, the prices at which army supplies, are to be bought, and to confer with each other so as to secure, as far as practicable uniformity therein, making due allowances for differences of locations and other circumstances. They will require from their subordinates monthly reports, showing the quantity of supplies purchased or manufactured by them, what thereof has been issued, and the residue on hand. A summary of these, together with a similar statement of his own operations will be forwarded monthly by the chief officer to the Quartermaster-General, and the same will be accompanied by general remarks, showing what supplies, either manufactured or in the raw material, he may have in excess beyond his future wants, so that they may be transferred elsewhere when needed. The average cost of each article of supply will also be stated.

3rd. Quartermaster stationed at the various posts within either of said purchasing districts will be the subordinate purchasing officers therein, and, before buying supplies or contracting thereof, they will confer with the principal officer, and conform to such general or specific instructions as he may give respecting the price, quantity, or quality of the supplies to be bought.

4th. Main depots of supplies will be established at Richmond and Staunton, Va., Raleigh, N. C., Columbus, Atlanta, and Augusta, Ga., Huntsville and Montgomery, Ala., Jackson, Miss., Alexandria, La., Little Rock, Ark., Knoxville, Tenn., San Antonio, Tex., or elsewhere, as may hereafter be indicated. These will not be subject to the orders of commanding generals, but will be under the exclusive control of the Quartermaster-General, and issues therefrom will be made only on requisitions approved by him. Minor depots may be established by the principal purchasing officers, at such other points within their districts as the necessities of the service may require, and their locations will be reported from time to time to this office.

5th. The chief quartermaster of each separate army will draw sup-

