
unless he was employed by a quartermaster, under the sanction of this office, prior to the act of Congress of February 16, 1862. In no case will the compensation of a clerk from civil life exceed the sum of $1,000 per annum.

7th. All reports called for by this circular shall be distinct from the monthly returns of "Persons and articles hired."

A. C. MYERS,

Quartermaster-General.

Approved:

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

SIR: In obedience to your orders, dated March 12, 1863, which are filed herewith (marked Exhibit A), I proceeded to Montgomery, Ala., to Atlanta, Ga., and to Tullahoma, Tenn., the headquarters of the army, and returned by the same route. I have the honor to submit the following report:

At Tullahoma I found General J. E. Johnston in command of the army, and reported to him. I stated to him my orders, and offered them for his inspection but he declined to examine them, and very kindly offered me any assistance I might wish in procuring full information as to the condition of the army. He informed me that he had temporary command of the army, during General Bragg's absence with his sick wife at Winchester. I immediately conveyed to General Bragg my intention to pay him my respects before my departure, but was prevented from doing so there by his arrival in Tullahoma, where I had a full conversation with him the day I left. I am indebted to both Generals Johnston and Bragg for their courtesy during my stay, as well as to Generals Hardee and Polk.

On Monday, March 23, I reviewed Lieutenant-General Hardee's corps at Tullahoma. I afterward, on the same day, saw Brigadier General B. R. Johnson drill his brigade, and witnessed a match or trial battalion drill between the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment (Colonel Marks) and the Thirteenth Louisiana Regiment (Colonel R. L. Gibson) and Twentieth Louisiana Regiment (Colonel Reichard), consolidated, and commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Von Zinken. The Tennessee regiment was remarkable for fine stature, manly bearing, and steadiness of movement, but the rapidity and accuracy with which the Louisianians executed every maneuver at the double-quick was unequaled.

On Tuesday, March 24, by invitation I accompanied General Johnston to Manchester, 12 miles to the right, and on the next day reviewed the Kentucky Brigade there, commanded by General Helm. These troops afterward went through battalion drill, by regiments, and in the afternoon had a brigade drill. Their performance was rapid, yet precise, their appearance tough and active, and they will compare for efficiency with any brigade in the Confederate Army.

On Saturday, I arrived in Shelbyville, and on Monday, March 30, I reviewed Lieutenant-General Polk's corps, by divisions. General Wither's division, composed principally of Mississippians, was the best clad I saw in the army. I was struck by their size and made material bearing. In General McCown's division some dismounted Arkansas and Texas

