
redoubt, making a zone of that width about 3 or 4 miles in length. The works are either too strong or too weak. They are too weak to rely upon, and too strong to abandon to the enemy. Much labor has been wasted on them, unless they shall be put in condition to be held by a small force against a larger one. General Bragg says heavy entrenchments demoralize our troops, and that he would go forward to meet the enemy, in which case that abatis would be an obstruction, to say the least.

I did not learn from any of the generals of any projected movement or of any battle-field preferred on which to meet an advance of the enemy, but they appeared to have an impression that if the enemy does not advance on us, it will be necessary for us to make an advance, perhaps, into Kentucky with the army, to obtain subsistence. This was not stated, however, in direct and explicit terms.

General Johnston wished your attention called to the matter, before mentioned of the quartermasters in Mississippi, and also to the fact that the limits of his department embraced two armies that could not co-operate, and that he receives no intelligence from General Pemberton, who ignores his authority, is mortified at his command over him, and receives his suggestions with coldness or opposition. The distance prevents his giving orders. He thought the discipline of General Pemberton's army not very good, and wishes a speedy and thorough inspection of his district. He requested me to extend my inspection to that district. I informed him of the limitation of my orders; that you wish for speedy information on the matters already investigated, and that Colonel Ives had gone there, though I did not know under what orders. He sent me a letter to you embodying this request, which I file with this report.

These are the results of my observations in the Army of Tennessee.

* * * * * *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure.]

EXHIBIT A.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 12, 1863.

Colonel WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Aide-de-Camp to the President:

COLONEL: You will proceed, without unnecessary delay, to Atlanta, Ga., Montgomery, Ala., and Tullahoma, Tenn., to carry out the instructions which will be hereinafter given you, and such others as you may verbally receive.

At Atlanta you will examine into the general police of the post as regards the hospitals, guards, and troops in transitu through the city, the means of procuring supplies, and the localities whence obtained, and such other matters as may come under your observation in connection therewith.

At Montgomery you will investigate the alleged difficulties of transportation between the railroads meeting in that city, and ascertain the progress upon the gunboat there building, and any other matters of interest that may come under your notice.

At Tullahoma you will make yourself acquainted generally with the condition of the army.

