
was found in few instances rather too large. When guns become fouled, after 15 or 20 rounds, it is difficult to lodge the bullet home. The deficiency was reported to the Ordnance Bureau, at Richmond and new supplies are now coming, and exchanges will be made.

The arms, accouterments, and ammunition in the hands of troops on the march are carelessly wasted. On the way from Murfreesborough to this place, nearly four thousand arms were lost. The stoppage of payments on muster-rolls is no means to correct the evil, and unless stringent orders be enacted making commanders of companies directly responsible for the negligence, the evil cannot be corrected. The cavalry is supplied, from time to time, as the necessities may occur, with regard that 40 rounds are in the hands of every man. The cavalry under command of General Van Dorn is supplied with 60 rounds in addition to 40 with the men. The cavalry under command of General Wheeler is supplied with 40 rounds; 60 more will be supplied as soon as received. I have notice of their coming to this place from Richmond Arsenal.

The artillery is supplied with a number of rounds contained in caisson and limber-boxes of each piece. Besides these, 50 rounds to each piece is to be kept in reserve in Chattanooga Depot.

The supplies of ammunition for rifled guns are limited, by reason of the different caliber of these guns taken from the enemy. The application was made to the commanding officer of Atlanta Arsenal for it.

The scarcity of leather will not permit full supplies of infantry accouterments and artillery harness; the last, being made from rather inferior articles and not properly taken care of, are in short time broken, and those now in service should be replaced in course of a few months.

The ammunition for artillery is supplied of good quality and well prepared. The Borman fuses are preferable to paper, as the first is surer to explode projectiles. The difficulty of premature bursting can be avoided by careful cutting. It is ascertained that during engagements the men often cut them through.

General Orders, Numbers 67, Paragraph, IV, series 1862, provides that no able-bodied men will be separated from their regiments and detailed for duty in the ordnance department, &amp;c. The duty of the department is such that an invalid is of no service, and it being impossible to obtain the services of competent mechanics, our only resource is to detail them from the army.

I am informed, from Ordnance Bureau, of the scarcity of lead.

The commanding general of this army has instructed me to procure 12-pounder light guns and exchange them for 6-pounder and 12-pounder howitzers, now in the service. I applied to Colonel Gorgas for them. Two batteries of such guns are ordered to be sent to this army. The balance will be forwarded as soon as they can be procured.

The usual 6-pounder and 12-pounder howitzers are complained of as too heavy for the use of cavalry. General Bragg ordered me to make an effort to furnish the cavalry with lighter guns-similar to those used by horse artillery during the Mexican war. I reported the case to the Ordnance Bureau, and received answer that such guns cannot be furnished at present. The commanders of cavalry require rifled guns and, as far as practicable they are supplied to them of the lightest weight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. OLADOWSKI,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Artillery, Ordnance Duty.

