
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 19, 1863.

Numbers 24.

The following extract from General Orders, Numbers 19, War Department, February 22, 1862, is published for the information of this army:

It is ordered that there shall be inscribed on the colors or guidons of all regiments and batteries in the service of the United States the names of the battles in which they have borne a meritorious part. * * * It is expected that troops so distinguished will regard their colors as representing the honor of their corps, to be lost only with their lives; and that those who are not yet entitled to such a distinction will not rest satisfied until they have won it by their discipline and valor.

In accordance with this order, the general commanding directs that the name of "Stone's River" be inscribed on the national colors of each regiment and the guidon of each battery that was engaged in the recent battle in front of this city. The general is proud to know that there was not a single regiment or battery which did not, in that memorable conflict, bear a meritorious part.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS,
 February 19, 1863.

Numbers 5.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this corps.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

MURFREESBOROUGH TENN.,

February 20, 1863 - 10.20 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The increasing list of sick is my reason for covering the men with tents, to shelter them from the cold rains of the winter. As soon as the roads and the season admit of our moving, no one will more rigidly enforce the orders for light baggage and tentage than I, but it is not policy to regard this army as so in the field as to have no tents. At this season, loss by sickness would be more damage than would pay for all the tents we would need for two years.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, February 20, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Captain [John C.] Peterson, acting assistant inspector-general, being obliged to change climate by medical direction, I avail myself of his zeal and intelligence to send you some details of this army, showing the percentage of absentees and the wear and tear of an army in battle. First, I find, from careful examination, that the average percentage of the present and absent now for the Fourteenth Army Corps

