
TULLAHOMA, April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

Major-General Maury is assigned to the command of the Department of East Tennessee by the War Department. Order him to Knoxville immediately.* Take the most expeditions route for the troops. I telegraphed Major [Alfred M.] Barbour at Montgomery.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

TULLAHOMA, April 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General;

Have just seen a copy of Brigadier-General Davis' dispatch of yesterday to you. He had stopped Marshall's infantry. I directed him to let that infantry receive orders from Marshall, his senior, and report to you. It appears that he has sent but 600 infantry to Marshall. Did not the Department intend to give him his whole force? Returns make it above 3,000 in all.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, April 15, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

It was contemplated by the President that General Marshall should take into Kentucky his whole force, so much at least as was referred to in the letter to General Donelson from this office directing the movement, a copy of which letter was sent to you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, April 115, 1863

Pursuant to orders from the War Department, the artillery of this army having been made a separate organization, and placed under charge of the chief of artillery of the corps respectively, hereafter all applications and reports from the artillery in this corps will be made through the present chief of artillery of divisions to Major L. Hoxton, chief of artillery of the corps.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, April 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Advice from our cavalry operating near Williamsburg, Ky. report they have been driven by the enemy's cavalry and infantry, 2,000 strong. Needing all my force to defend Cumberland Gap and the railroad line, I do not send force to aid Marshall until I get further instructions.

W. G. M. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*So ordered by Pemberton same day.

---------------

