
KNOXVILLE, April 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

Dispatch received from Cumberland Gap says some of Marshall's men passed through the Gap last evening. His command is falling back to Virginia.

W. G. M. DAVIS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[RICHMOND.], April 16, 1863

[General W. G. M. DAVIS:]

You are under the command of General J. E. Johnston. Report to him, and carry out such instructions as he may have to give you.

S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS PATTERSON'S CAVALRY REGIMENT.

Chapel Hill, April 16, 1863

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: I wrote you a dispatch this morning, which, through some oversight, was not sent. The enemy came up to Holt's Corners this morning. The picket relief, about 80 strong, attacked them and drove them 3 or 4 miles. Captain [P. H.] Rice, who was in command, states that their number was about 300. They captured our advance guard, 5 men. This was done by a decoy, which led them into an ambuscade. The officers and men engaged acted very gallantly. The enemy left no dead upon the ground, but the fatality among their horses was severe. Nobody hurt on our side. The enemy are still side of College Grove. When my scouts return I will be able to give you the particulars as to their whereabouts.

JOSIAH PATTERSON,Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, April 17, 1863

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON, Commanding, &amp;c:

SIR: The honorable Secretary of the Navy declines to turn over the steamers at Mobile believing that they cannot be spared by the naval officers in command there. The proposition, based on their proposed use for the supply of provisions, cannot be accepted; other arrangements and contracts have however, been made by General Buckner, as also by the bureau here, to obtain provisions in the next few weeks on such a scale as I hope will make the inability to accede to the position of no serious moment, unless greatly disappointed in expected results from various sources. Ample supplies of meat, and even of flour, are expected by the Commissary-General to be received during the next sixty days.

I have placed Major J. J. Walker in communication with the Commissary-General, and directed the latter to advise him fully of his arrangements so, that they may be orally communicated to you more fully than I could conveniently explain them by letter. Still, as all these sources of external supply must be more or less precarious, I would not recommend any relaxation of effort on your own part to obtain from within your department or the well-stocked counties of Kentucky all possible supplies. I am informed that you could probably obtain considerable

