
have been very hostile to us, and I propose to familiarize them at least with our faces, and to render communications easy from Cumberland Gap by this point to Whitesburg and the Sandy.

Your communications addressed to me by way of Cumberland Gap can reach me in the quickest time. I am 38 miles from the Gap, and shall send some force forward in a few days to the Red Bird to drive out stock from that country.

General Burnside has his headquarters at Lexington and is fortifying that place.

I have information General Carter meditates and is collecting cavalry for another raid into East Tennessee; force said to be 8,000 of which six regiments are to be of East Tennesseeans. The scouts of the enemy are advanced as far as London, and he has infantry at Mount Vernon.

I am respectfully, your obedient servant

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Tullahoma, Tenn., April 24, 1863

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Secretary of War.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 102. Tullahoma, Tenn., April. 18, 1863

* * * * *

III. The brigade of Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright will proceed without delay by dirt road to Shelbyville, Tenn., and will rejoin its division. General Wright will put his brigade in motion immediately.

* * * * *

XII. All regiments which were temporarily united under previous orders for drill, discipline, &amp;c., and which number over 400 men present for duty, will be restored to their original organization. The main object-the collection of stragglers and absentees-has been accomplished. Officers absent on detached duty from such regiments will at once rejoin their commands.

By command of General Bragg;

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, April 20, 1863

General S. COOPER:

General Van Dorn reports that a scout observed twenty-four transports with troops going up Tennessee River on the 17th. Colonel Roddey, at Tuscumbia, reports that scout says transports were landing an army at Eastport, which they burned on the 19th.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President.

S. COOPER.

