HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, April 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General ADAMS:

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that Brigadier-General Brown's movement this morning was greatly delayed because transportation was not furnished him promptly. The general expected that the necessary orders would be issued by you upon the order directing the movement of Brown's brigade, but found at 10 o'clock last evening that it had not been done. He learns that the quartermaster of Preston's brigade was guilty of negligence in executing orders to turn over transportation to the quartermaster of Brown's brigade, and he directs that you cause the matter to be looked into, and have the officer arrested, if in fault.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Frazier's Farm, April 22, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Lieutenant-General Polk's Corps:

MAJOR: Dispatch from Major Falconer to General Martin, informing him that General Helm would move against the enemy by Manchester pike. This information was received by General Martin yesterday. This afternoon a strong force of the enemy advanced to the same spot they were yesterday. I have no official information from General Martin who is in the front. From what I can learn, they seem to be carelessly pasturing their horses in about 1,000 yards of our line. Late dispatches from Middleton represent no enemy in that quarter to-day. There seems to be no movement on our left. Dispatches from Colonel Thompson, on our right, state that the enemy had advanced through Hoover's Gap with considerable force, and had shelled him considerably this morning, and were continuing to do so. This dispatch was received about 11 o'clock to-day. This, then, is a hasty summary of all the information in my possession of affairs on the front.

I am, major, with respect, yours,

DOUGLAS WALWORTH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- This moment a * * * informs me all quiet in that section. A youth has just been brought in (sixteen years of age) who has been within the enemy's lines two months. He could give no information of a forward movement; on the contrary, stated they were still fortifying Murfreesborough strongly, and all well fortified at Triune.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Sparta, April 22, 1863..

Major E. S. BURFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I am directed by the general to inform you that he received a dispatch at 8 a.m. yesterday from Major Bullitt, commanding a regiment of his division on the Woodbury road, 12 miles from McMinnville, stating that the enemy was advancing in strong force-of cavalry,

