
infantry, and artillery-on the Woodbury road. I immediately ordered him to hold his position as long as possible, and, if the enemy still advanced in force, to fall back slowly toward McMinnville, advising me every half hour of their movements. I also sent out a scout to gain all the information possible, who reported to me, from time to time, as the enemy advanced. In the mean time I received a dispatch from Major [W. G.] Bullitt at 1 p.m., stating that the enemy had fallen back, and I was on the point of ordering my wagons to return, when one of my scouts returned, informing me that the enemy's advance was then at the edge of town, mixing and exchanging shot with my men having advanced on the Petit Gap road, leaving Major Bullitt's command to the right.

I have also received information from Celina stating that the enemy had advanced on and shelled that town on the 19th instant, partially burning it, and causing Major [O. P.] Hamilton's command to fall back, the enemy's force being about 1,200 strong.

The general also directs me to inform you that he has established his headquarters at this place, and that he has sent out scouting parties to gain all the information possible in regard to the enemy's movements, and that any information he may receive will be immediately forwarded to your headquarters.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.

Numbers 93. Tullahoma, April 22, 1863

* * * * * *

V. Johnson's brigade will be put in motion for Wartrace to-day. The camp equipage allowed by General Orders, Numbers 78, dated Headquarters Army of Tennessee, April 13, 1863, only will be carried, to wit: One tent to each regiment for medical department; one tent to each regimental headquarters; two tents to each brigade headquarters; two tents to each division headquarters; six tent-flies for every 100 men. Heavy baggage will be sent by railroad. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

VI. Corpl. Charles L. Sinclair, Company E, Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth Louisiana Volunteers, ius detailed to report for extra duty with Major Stockey, acting quartermaster, at Fayetteville.

VII. Captain [W. C.] Raum will proceed to Wartrace with his cavalry company as soon to-day as he can get ready. He will carry only light baggage.

VIII. Brigadier-General Helm will move Brown's and Helm's brigades from Manchester to Beech Grove, and take position at or as near that place as convenience to water will permit, until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HELM'S BRIGADE,

Numbers 1. Manchester, April 22, 1863

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 1, I hereby assume command of the brigade composed of the Second, Fourth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky and Cobb's battery and the Forty-first Alabama Regiment.

THOS. H. HUNT,

Colonel.

