
of their ability in the premises. They may succeed, but we had better make our own arrangements to provide against any failure.

Apologizing for my long letter, which is as short as I could well make it, I have the honor to subscribe myself, yours, faithfully,

A. D. BANKS,

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, Tenn., April 23, 1863

In time of battle some of the ordnance officers are in the habit of abandoning their trains, causing great confusion and difficulty to the troops in procuring ammunition. It is, therefore, ordered that all ordnance officers in time of battle remain with their ammunition in such places that they can promptly supply their regiments, and that they advise their commanders of their localities by ordnance sergeants. No ammunition will be issued to the regiments except from the proper wagons carrying supplies for them.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, April 23, 1863

The troops of this command will immediately send all camp furniture not required, under existing orders, for the field to Atlanta, Ga., to be there turned over as public property to the quartermaster of the depot.

By command of General Bragg:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Wartrace, April 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General HELM,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you will at once carefully reconnoiter the country in front of your position. Upon hearing of any advance in your direction, your command will move forward, to enable you to dispute Hoover's Gap through its whole length. An obstinate resistance will be made at the entrance of the gap on this side.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 85. Tullahoma, April 24, 1863.

The general commanding announces to the army the death of Brigadier Ten. D. S. Donelson. He died in the Department of East Tennessee, which he had commanded. The regret with which his death is announced will be left by the army and his country. He was an educated soldier, of great purity of character, singleness of purpose, and good-

