
ness of heart. Conspicuous for gallantry on the field, after the excitement had passed he was foremost in providing for the wants of his command, and devoted to the sick and wounded. His comrades in this army, and those who served under his orders, will long remember his deeds and his virtues.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

TULLAHOMA, April 25, 1863

(Received Richmond, April 25)

General S. COOPER:

Colonel Roddey has been pressed back from Tuscumbia by a Federal force of about four brigades. He was this morning about half-way to Decatur. Forrest was ordered, on the 23rd, to join him.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to the President.

S. COOPER.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

Near Wartrace, April 25, 1863.

The following instructions have been received from General Bragg:

Lieutenant-Generals Polk and Hardee will both advance their outposts (cavalry and infantry) to-morrow the 26th instant, and make a demonstration on Murfreesborough. They will keep up communication with each other, and neither will proceed so far as to bring on a heavy engagement.

Brigadier-General Helm will accordingly move on Murfreesborough, with his brigade and Colonel Thompson's cavalry, to-morrow morning at daylight, through Hoover's Gap, observing the above directions. Brown will move up to Hoover's Mill. Adams' and Preston's brigades will advance to Jacobs' Store at the intersection of the Wartrace road with the Manchester and Murfreesborough pike. Liddell will move on Murfreesborough, through Liberty Gap. Polk's brigade will advance to Liberty Church. Wood and Johnson will move forward to Bellbuckle.

The chief of artillery will assign a battery to each brigade.

The troops will take one day's cooked rations, exclusive of breakfast to-morrow morning. No tents, and but a small amount of ammunition in addition to that in cartridge-boxes, will be taken.

Major-General Cleburne will take charge of the left (through Liberty Gap), and Major-General Breckinridge, or officer commanding the division, of the right (through Hoover's Gap).

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, April 25, 1863.

Lieutenant General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding First Corps, Shelbyville:

GENERAL: The following are the orders of General Bragg:

Lieutenant-Generals Polk and Hardee will both advance their outposts (cavalry and infantry) to-morrow, the 26th instant, and make a demonstration on Murfrees-

