HEADQUARTERS,Frazier's Farm, April 25, 1863-12 p.m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Countermanding order to advance received.

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Wartrace, April 25, 1863-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General HELM,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Hardee to say that when the circular of to-day, in regard to movements to-morrow, was issued, he expected Major-General Breckinridge to be present to take command of his division. General Breckinridge has not arrived, and the command devolves upon you. The general, however, desires that you will continue with and remain in immediate command of your brigade. He himself will take the Hoover's Gap road, and will be communication with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Camp near Wartrace, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Tullahoma, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I send you a man* of the country in this immediate neighborhood, on which are marked the positions of the troops under my command. Helm's brigade is near Beech Grove, with orders to move to Hoover's Gap and dispute its passage the moment it is announced that an enemy is approaching. Brown's brigade is near Fairfield, in supporting distance of Helm. Liddell's brigade is posted at Bellbuckle, with a strong picket at Liberty Gap. Beech Gove is 8 miles, Bellbuckle 4 miles, and Fairfield 4 miles from this place. I have spent the last two days in examining the country in my front. I have examined Hoover's, Liberty, and Railroad Gaps, all of which are strong, and the intermediate country very inaccessible. My entire corps is now in position. The water at the ford of Duck River, over which my artillery crossed, was so high that I could barely get my ammunition across without damage. I mention this to show the necessity of pushing forward the bridge over that stream, which ought to be completed at the earliest moment practicable. We are all delighted with the change to this position. The country is beautiful and rich in pastures. I have ordered the animals to be grazed and the forage ration to be reduced.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

