
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS.

Numbers 11. Wartrace, April 25, 1863.

On the transfer of the command to this cultivated and fruitful region, the lieutenant-general commanding appeals to the intelligence and patriotism of the soldiers to respect the rights and the property of citizens, whose labors are necessary to the subsistence of our armies, and invokes the co-operation of officers of every grade to prevent the depredations and repress the irregularities of the evil-disposed. Officers are especially directed to see that no rails are used or destroyed, and that no fencing is pulled down. Wherever fencing has been destroyed and the individuals committing the depredations cannot be discovered details will be made from the regiment, if that can be identified; if not, then from the brigade, and if the brigade cannot be fixed upon, then from the division to which the parties belong, to split the rails and replace the fencing.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Buffalo Valley Road, April 25, 1863

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have just sent you dispatches from General Bragg, ordering your whole cavalry force to Fairfield. In obedience to said order, I have put the command in motion, by the most practicable route to that point.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF EAST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 1. Knoxville, April 25, 1863

By direction of the Secretary of War, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department of East Tennessee.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, April 25, 1863

General S. COOPER:

I have arrived here and assumed command.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

ABINGDON, April 25, 1863

General S. COOPER:

I have just arrived, and proceed this evening to Knoxville as senior brigadier in this department. Burnside intends moving on East Tennessee with a large force. His cavalry was at London [Ky.]; infantry advance at Wil Cat. My cavalry is on his left, in proper position in

