
CAVALRY.

First Brigade (headquarters Albany, Ky.).

Colonel J. J. MORRISON.

1st Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Harper.

1st Tennessee, Colonel J. E. Carter.

2nd Tennessee, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Gillespie,

12th Tennessee Battalion, Major F. L. Phipps.

16th Tennessee Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Neal.

Tennessee battery, Captain G. A. Huwald.

Second Brigade.*

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT.

10th Confederate, Colonel C. T. Goode,

6th Georgia, Colonel J. R. Hart.

1st Louisiana, Major J. M. Taylor.

5th North Carolina Battalion, Major A. H. Baird.

7th North Carolina Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel G. N. Folk.

5th Tennessee, Colonel G. W. McKenzie

Tennessee battery, Captain W. R. Marshall

TULLAHOMA, TENN., April 25, 1863.

Colonel EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I trust you will excuse me for the delay in returning the report. I have been so busy all the evening I could not earlier attend to it. Most of the regiments reported on detached service are reported incorrectly. Wheeler does not state on what duty Cluke, Chenault, and Hamilton are. The large number from infantry is easily explained when we remember the hospital guards in rear, supernumerary officers, detached mechanics, &amp;c. If you will return the report, colonel, I will have the alterations accounted for.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, Tenn., April 26, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It is impossible to state upon what duty the men on "detached service" are engaged, more definitely than I have done in the column of "remarks," at least in the present report.

General Van Dorn has sent several regiments to Northern Alabama and on excursions; all are reported on "detached service." General Wheeler has two regiments and a battalion on an expedition, which he reports on "detached service." The large number in "infantry, " so reported, include supernumerary officers under General Pillow hospital guards and nurses in the rear, mechanics at shoe-shops, and carpenters building hospitals, railroad employes, &c. General Cumming left 172 men on "detached" service in District of the Gulf."

Full reports of all absentees on "detached service" have been called for and made. Upon careful inspection, it was discovered a large majority was incorrectly reported. The reports were returned for correction, attention being called to the corps.

Greata difficulty is experience in obtaining correct and prompt reports from the cavalry commands. They stretch over so wide an extent of country that returns cannot be regularly received.

---------------

*On outpost and special duty throughout the department.

---------------

