
I alluded to the "alterations" because, although they have not been accounted for in previous returns, I thought it proper they should be, and wished the paper sent back for that purpose.

To correct the evil that has heretofore existed of reporting all men sent on expeditions as being on "detached service," the general has caused to be issued a circular, which I inclose.

Hoping this will prove satisfactory, I am, colonel with respect, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Tullahoma, Tenn., April 25, 1863

Commanders of corps, in making up reports of troops, will not report troops detached unless they are removed by superior orders from their command, and when this is the case marginal notes will give the number of effective so detached, and the point to which detached.

By command of General Bragg:

W. W. MACKALL

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Tullahoma, April 26, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The following are the orders of General Bragg:

Major-General Wheeler must guard the right flank of the army against all movements of the enemy. To do this, he must establish a cordon connecting on the left with that of Brigadier-General Martin, now established. If, as it is reported and believed, the country south of Alexandria will not subsist the whole body of his cavalry, or a force sufficient to resist and drive back heavy columns penetrating the cordon, the main body must of necessity be sent far enough north to procure subsistence and a force (at least 500 men) established as guards upon the line from Martin's right. Arrangements the most complete must be made that the commandant of the line and the commandant of each guard shall communicate instantly to the main body of Wheeler's corps and to the cavalry on their right and left any movement of the enemy. It is hoped that any such movement promptly communicated will then be checked by the prompt movement of the main body on the enemy's rear. A perfect acquaintance with the roads on the part of the general, and the utmost vigilance on the part of the troops forming the cordon, will alone enable General Wheeler to carry this plan into successful execution. The vigilance of his guards must be secured by the daily inspection of staff officers sent along the line.

If forage cannot be had on the line for the troops in front of McMinnville, and General Wheeler cannot obtain it from the right, it must be procured by rail from this place.

The headquarters of the general should be so placed that he can receive the earliest information and dispatch his orders most promptly.

There is danger of the enemy, by such a movement as that made on the 21st, prosecuted with a little more energy and determination, reach-

