
ing the railroad to Bridgeport. This would be so serious a disaster that the general's attention is called to it, and he is asked to take all possible security against it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. MACKALL.

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Sparta, April 26, 1863.

Major D. G. REED, Assistant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a dispatch just received from Colonel D. W. Chenault.

I respectfully request that I may be allowed to proceed immediately to Burkesville, with such portion of my troops as I may deem suitable, and attack the enemy's forces now at or in the vicinity of Burkesville. It seems to me that the opportunity is most favorable for striking a severe blow at the enemy in that quarter.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Monticello, Ky., April 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that we are yet on this side the Cumberland and safe from the Yanks. Colonel [J. J.] Morrison moved on Sunday without giving me any notice, and left the front unprocted. I immediately sent out pickets, and found that the enemy had crossed the river, but found the ford too deep for artillery, and consequently recrossed before my pickets reached the river.

I learn from Colonel Morrison that there are three regiments of Yanks at Burkesville, and that they are scattered all along down the river. I sent a scout across the river night before last; they went 8 miles, but found no enemy. I will give you all the news we get. My impression is that the enemy intend to cross the river soon.

I am, general, yours, &c., most respectfully,

D. W. CHENAULT,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 26, 1863

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

MY DEAR SIR: I thank you for the confidence implied by my assignment to this important and difficult department. I am painfully conscious of the responsibilities which have devolved upon me, but I will meet them with my best energies.

On yesterday I arrived and assumed command. The troops present for duty seem too few for the extended field of operations, especially as the officers here believe that an attempt will be made at an early day to seize upon this very disloyal region.

I left Vicksburg with the more satisfaction because I believe that the passage of Admiral Porter and his deed is evidence that no immediate attack will be made there.

Had the batteries of Vicksburg been five times as heavy as they are.

