
it is very probable that Admiral Porter and his fleet could not have passed the city.

With my kindest remembrance to your brother, I am, gratefully and sincerely, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 26, 1863

Brigadier General HUMPHREY MARSHALL,

Commanding First Brigade, Army of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that your district will comprise all that portion of Southwestern Virginia embraced in the counties of Washington, Russell, Buchanan, Wise, Scott, and Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 10. Tullahoma, Tenn., April 26, 1863

I. All orders from these headquarters suspending General Orders, Numbers 72, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., September 29, 1862, are hereby revoked, and that order will hereafter continue in full force in this department.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Wartrace, April 27, 1863

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have received your letter directing me to take charge of the bridges in my rear, and to prosecute the work to completion. I will do so. Should Duck River and Garrison's Fork become impassable by heavy rains, and it should become necessary to retire the command on Tullahoma, I could do so as follows:

Breckinridge's division will move on Manchester, Brown and Helm by Murfreesborough and Manchester pike, and Adams and Preston by the road leading from Wartrace to Manchester. There are good bridges over the streams at Manchester.

Cleburne's division will move to Tullahoma, crossing Duck River at Schoefner's Bridge, about 5 or 6 miles from Wartrace, in the direction of Shelbyville. The movement of Cleburne on Duck River, by Schoefner's Bridge, will not interfere with General Polk, as his corps, I understand, is on the south side of Duck River, except a brigade on post duty. I sent an officer this morning to examine the road from Wartrace to Manchester, and he reports it entirely practicable.

I am desirous of re-establishing the bridge across Garrison's Fork, on the Manchester pike, near Hoover's Gap, and shall commence that work to-morrow. It was for this purpose I telegraphed you for tools. It can be constructed in a few days, the stream at that point being small, but

