
if the emergency should arise before the completion of the bridge, Brown and Helm could move to Wartrace, and follow Cleburne. I feel no apprehension, even under existing circumstances, of being able to retire the command in good order.

Seventy-five men from the Thirteenth and Twentieth Louisiana were ordered on special service with three days' rations just before we left Tullahoma. If no longer needed, please order them to rejoin the command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.

Numbers 97 Wartrace, April 27, 1863

Division commanders will examine, or have examined, the roads in their rear leading direct to Tullahoma; also the fords of Duck River on those roads, and report what work, if any, is required on the roads. After the roads and fords have been thus examined division commanders will send a staff officer from each brigade to pass over and acquaint himself with the same.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Wartrace, Tenn., April 27, 1863

Should this command be ordered to retired on Tullahoma before the completion of the bridges over Duck River and Garrison's Fork, the following dispositions will be made:

Breckinridge's division will retire via Manchester. Helm and Brown will move on the Murfreesborough and Manchester pike, and Adams and Preston on the road leading from Wartrace to Manchester.

Cleburne's division will move direct to Tullahoma crossing Duck River at the bridge known as Schoefner's Bridge, about 5 miles from Wartrace.

Division and brigade commanders will at once examine all the roads indicated in this order over which their respective commands will pass, and with which they are not already thoroughly acquainted.

Should Garrison's Fork, in rear of Helm's and Brown's brigades, be come so swollen as to be impassable, then these brigades will retire by moving direct to Wartrace, and thence follow in Cleburne.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

[T. B. ROY,]

Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,Numbers 97. Wartrace, April 27, 1863

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Helm will turn over the command of his brigade to the senior colonel, and assume command of the division (Breckinridge's), establishing his headquarters near this place.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY

Chief of Staff.

