HEADQUARTERS HARRISON'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Smithville, April 27, 1863

General J. A.. WHARTON.

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The scout just returned from the direction of Liberty reports the enemy's pickets about 3 miles this side of Liberty. The scout drove in the pickets. After retiring a short distance, they reappeared, and were a second time driven back. The scout then procured forage near there, and saw no further sings of the enemy. They learned the enemy was encamped at the fork of the pike beyond Liberty. Colonel [C. C.] Crews establishes the line of couriers.

By order of Colonel Thomas Harrison, commanding cavalry brigade:

GEO. M. DECHERD,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.- It does not appear expedient to move down the river while the enemy occupy Liberty. I will remain here and examine the country above to-morrow.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 27, 1863

Colonel B. S. EWELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: Please say to General Johnston that the particulars suggested in your letter to me of the 25th instant received my first attention after arriving here. I have already made the best arrangements which now seem practicable for carrying out his views, and, after occupying the bridge defenses, will be able to throw a force of about 5,000 infantry upon any threatened point. As Burnside is threatening to invade this department, I ought to be able to meet with a much larger force than I can assemble, and therefore I hope General Johnston will give his favorable indorsement to an application I shall make for a brigade or two be sent to me from Virginia or Mississippi. I desire to again express my hope that so far as possible the forces operating here shall be from parts of the country remote, and whenever occasions serves I shall endeavor to exchange the Tennessee troops for troops from distant States.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, April 27, 1863

Brigadier General W. G. M. DAVIS,

Commanding Second District:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please order from your force at Loudon two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery, to encamp near Knoxville. He desires the defenses of the bridge at Loudon completed as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

