HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, January 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General [J. M.] PALMER,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: You will at once have your troops in readiness to march, with three days' rations in haversacks, and move instantly with your remaining brigade for Readyville. Take Cruft's brigade with you, and get to Readyville to-night.

At daylight in the morning march for Woodbury with your whole division, to try and capture the forces of the enemy stationed there. A brigade from the center, probably Colonel Wilder's, will be sent to-day for the same destination, by the Bradyville pike, and will be accompanied by a large force of cavalry.

You will instruct your command to be cautious not to fire upon our cavalry. Let them look out for them carefully in the direction of Bradyville.

By command of Major-General Crittenden:

LYNE STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 20. Murfreesborough, Tenn., January 23, 1863.

* * * * * *

XI. The general commanding has learned with pleasure of the gallant conduct of Lieutenant S. J. Hansey, Third Ohio Cavalry, with a small detachment under his command, in attacking and dispersing a much larger detachment of the enemy's cavalry, with a loss on their part of 2 killed, 1 wounded, and 10 prisoners, and without loss on ours. Nothing gives the general greater pleasure than to convey to such brave men the thanks they have merited by their bravery and success.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

HENRY STONE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH, Corinth, Miss., January 23, 1863.

Colonel [E. W.] RICE,Commanding Escort to Train:

Another train will leave here in the morning, strongly guarded. As I before directed, give all the assistance you can to the gunboats, and send all the force necessary, and, if possible, step up to Tuscumbia and get the battery at that place. Unless Roddey should get notice of your approach, you can do a great deal of damage to him, and perhaps capture some of his force. I would put all the infantry I could aboard the boats.

You can go in command of our forces, if you deem best; but leave good officers in charge of train.

I do not think Roddey can cross Yellow Creek, to molest our train.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

