
General Crook is to take post at Carthage, which will be his depot, and from whence he can make expeditions and scour that country. He can take pack mules, that he may be able to move light. He can have 300, if he requires them. Transports are ready to take him from Nashville.

General Crook will probably get more definite instructions by mail; much will, however, be left to his discretion.

By order of General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General BOYLE, Louisville:

We have sent two gunboats up the Cumberland, to go beyond Carthage and up Caney [Fork.] We have also a combined cavalry and infantry expedition operating in that direction from here. Morgan may be in that direction.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 21, 1863.

Major-General WRIGHT, Cincinnati:

Eight hundred rebels crossed Cumberland; passed through Somerset, in the direction of Crab Orchard. Two hundred more crossed at Daugherty's Ferry, below Mill Springs.

Following after these were 1,000, with two pieces of artillery, at Monticello, on the 19th.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Rosecrans.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 10. Murfreesborough, February 21, 1863.

I. The transportation of cotton in Government wagons, or its seizure, under any circumstances, as a military necessity or otherwise, is strictly prohibited, in the Fourteenth Army Corps, from this date. Cotton found secreted may be reported, through the proper channels, to department headquarters; but under no circumstances will it be removed, used, or transported in Government wagons, without the consent of the department or corps commander.

Commanding officers of divisions, regiments, and detached corps will see that this order is strictly complied with, and will promptly arrest any officer or private found violating this order in any particular.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

