
tablish your headquarters at some point convenient to the present position of the troops. You will cause such relays of couriers to be placed as will insure the most rapid practicable communication between all points of your line in front and Cumberland Gap. You will please apprise General Gracie of all important movements of the enemy, and your will co-operate with him as far as you can.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 103. Richmond, Va., April 28, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXII. Brigadier General William Preston will relieve Brigadier General Humphrey Marshall. Brigadier-General Marshall, on being relieved, will report to General Joseph E. Johnston, at Chattanooga, Tenn., for assignment to duty.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, April 29, 1863.

General POLK:

The following is from Brigadier-General Jackson, of this date, from Spring Hill, via Columbia:

Scouts from here report Federals re-enforcing Murfreesborough heavily, by way of Nashville. Forty transports, loaded with troops, arrived at Nashville recently.

Enemy re-enforcing Franklin. Thomas' division moved from Triune to Murfreesborough. General advance of the enemy, of Federal lines, spoken of. Lieutenant-General Polk is requested to communicate this to Brigadier-General Martin.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, April 29, 1863.

Major-General WITHERS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs you to post a brigade of your division between Shelbyville and Columbia, south of Duck River.

Select a position as nearly as possible midway, securing to the brigade easy access to Columbia and Shelbyville. Lewisburg is about midway, though you are not restricted to this point. You will instruct the brigade to receive the orders of Major-General Van Dorn, who, under certain circumstances, has authority to draw it to him. You will inform the lieutenant-general which brigade you will select, in order that artillery may be assigned to it.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R - VOL XXIII, PT II

