HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Unionville, Tenn., April 30, 1863-6 a. m.

Lieutenant-General Polk's Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet along my lines this morning. I would respectfully ask that the order to report every six hours be modified, as there is no place between here and Shelbyville where a courier station can be kept up, for want of forage. Should any movement of the enemy take place, I will report every two hours, or even at shorter intervals.

I think that the enemy will send out to-morrow morning a heavy foraging party from Triune toward College Gove. Such I infer from the large number of wagons concentrating about the former place.

Brigadier-General [Major-General] Schofied commanded the expedition we drove back yesterday. It consisted of about 500 mounted men and some artillery. The latter was not brought into action, but fell back almost immediately to Triune.

If the lieutenant-general commanding will send me two regiments of infantry, with two days' rations, to report here as soon as possible, I will be able to concentrate my command on the [upper] pike, and, leaving thee infantry to guard this road, where the enemy will come to forage, I can get into his rear and capture his wagons. My line of vedettes is too long to concentrate my command for an offensive movement, as it will leave one or other of the pikes with a weak guard. The enemy will bring, as he generally does, about one regiment of infantry with his cavalry, and, perhaps, a section of artillery.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LAWRENCE W. ORTON,*

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Martin's Division of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,April 30, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate the following, in addition to the dispatch of to-day, with reference to the arrangement of a line of division with Brigadier-General Pegram: That your cavalry be brought to the western line of Clinton County instead of Wayne, but that you shall withdraw none of your force from observation of the river east until Pegram's force comes up to relieve.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

[POST NEAR CELINA, TENN.,]

April 30, 1863.

General JOHN H. MORGAN:

It is reported that there are 400 Federals at John Ray's, 5 miles on this side of Tompkinsville, on the Brunett's Ferry road. A lady brings in the information. They are said to be taking all the horses they can find; also all the bacon and corn.

In haste, your obedient servant,

W. B. CARTER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

---------------

*See foot-note on p. 425.

---------------

