
ORDERS.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 21, 1863.

Surg. G. Perin, U. S. Army, having reported, in accordance with orders from the Secretary of War, is announced as medical director of this department, to relieve Surg. Eben Swift, U. S. Army, who will comply with such orders as he may have received from the War Department.

Surg. A. H. Thurston, U. S. Volunteers, is announced as assistant medical director of the department.

Surg. Robert Fletcher, First Ohio Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to duty as medical purveyor for this department, and will be stationed at Nashville.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 22, 1863 - 8.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Pardon my having failed to telegraph you for the last few days. No material change since my last. Rebels - McCown, Cheatham, and Withers - at or near Shelbyville, behind Duck River. A brigade, at least, at Wartrace; Breckinridge at Manchester. Van Dorn's advance - at least the force under Roddey - has passed north of Duck River. Van Dorn was crossing at Florence a week ago Friday. Morgan has sent some men into Kentucky - a party to steal horses. Reported that Bragg wants to mount 15,000 infantry with horses stolen from Kentucky. Have sent four gunboats up the Tennessee after Van Dorn's boats, to reconnoiter. Have sent engineer to see about fortifying at Fort Donelson, beyond reach of coup de main. Fortification at Nashville being strengthened. At this place nearly ready to fight a great army or hold as a secondary depot with a brigade. Stores now coming up by rail. Roads nearly impassable. Cumberland above water-mark on pier at Nashville, and rising. Crook's brigade goes up to attend to matters and things at and above Carthage, where rebel hordes of cavalry are conscripting and carrying off provisions. Some indications of rebels retiring from line of Duck River toward Tullahoma. Our cavalry horses and arms not yet arrived. We forage chiefly off the country, but send 12 or 14 miles.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 22, 1863.

General BOYLE, Louisville, Ky.:

I think that rebel force that has entered Kentucky is the advance of Morgan's force, on a horse-stealing expedition. Let your troops resist their advance as strongly as possible, and fight them wherever they meet them.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

6 R R - VOL XXIII, PT II

