
that may be made. It is of great importance that Monticello be reoccupied, and our pickets re-established along the Cumberland River. It is hoped that the forces under your orders, in co-operations with those of Colonels Cluke and Chenault, will be able to accomplish this.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 2, 1863.

Colonel R. C. TRIGG, Commanding First District:

COLONEL: It is very important that you should give your immediate attention to the condition of the forces under your orders, now occupying Perry, Harlan, and Letcher Counties. They appear to me to be too much scattered, and there is every reason to believe that after their recent service they will require unusual attention on the part of the commander to insure discipline and efficient action.

I cannot venture to dictate to you what special dispositions you ought to make of your forces, but I urge you in general terms, after making the best arrangement practicable to guard and watch the approaches to the department, to assemble your main force at some central point, as you may select, so that you will be able to move with promptness wherever you may find it necessary to oppose your force to the enemy. Keep in mind the importance of co-operating with General Gracie. Do all that you can to improve the discipline of your troops and to introduce proper order and system in the adjutant-general's department, which appears to have been deficient in these respects. The returns of the command have not been heretofore properly rendered.

Hold your command completely ready for active service, with 100 rounds of ammunition to the man. I feel great satisfaction in knowing that, although the troops of your district are very remote from me and very much scattered, they have in you a commander especially well qualified to maintain their discipline and efficiency.

Please render me frequent reports.

Very respectfully, colonel, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, May 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRACIE, Bean's Station:

Move your infantry to Morristown. Order [J. R.] Hart's cavalry to report to General Pegram, at Clinton, at once. Let there be no delay.

By order of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH MILITARY DISTRICT, EAST TENNESSEE,Clinton, May 3, 1863.

Major D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have carefully examined several persons of reputed veracity and loyalty to the South, residents of Whitley County, Kentucky,

