
TULLAHOMA, May 4, 1863.

General WHEELER, McMinnville:

SIR: It is directed by General Bragg that you send Morgan with all of his command to Wayne County. Order him to co-operate with Pegram's forces, and drive the enemy's column that crossed near Monticello back across the river; then to re-establish the pickets on the river and report to you. He is only to remain there until the enemy withdraws and the pickets are re-established. If, in your judgment, this movement of Morgan endangers Wharton, draw him back until Morgan's return.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

TULLAHOMA, May 4, 1863-8 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: It is the wish of the general commanding that Morgan shall move to Wayne County as directed, regardless of the movement of Pegram. You will direct Morgan to communicate with Pegram and co-operate with him if possible. Morgan will take all of his command except that portion picketing the line in front of McMinnville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Pegram is ordered back to Wayne County.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,Numbers 104. Wartrace, May 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Brown's brigade will take position in the vicinity of Jacobs' Store. Adams' and Preston's brigades will move to Fairfield, the positions to be selected by Major-General Breckinridge.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 4, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding Department of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: From the recent movements of the enemy, it is evident that Burnside is preparing to invade East Tennessee. On the 1st instant a heavy cavalry and mounted infantry force crossed Cumberland River and drove our cavalry out of Clinton and Wayne Counties, Kentucky. I hope, therefore, that you can send me at once some re-enforcements to this place; or, if you cannot do that, that you will place such a force on the railroad, between Bristol and Greenville as will enable me to withdrawn all of General Jackson's command, in case I require it.

