
I had written this much when I received your letter of May 2, stating your inability to help me, unless the emergency is imminent.

Marshall's command are along the Pine Mountain, from Cumberland Ford, which is their western most post. Colonel Trigg has gone up there to command them.

On the 2nd instant, a force of 1,000 cavalry from Corinth, Miss., having crossed Northern Alabama, destroyed the depot at Gadsden, and were threatening Rome, Ga., and the Georgia Railroad. I am warned to try and intercept them, in case they pass out through East Tennessee.

In the event of a desired movement of Burnside to occupy this department, the whole of your force and mine combined should meet him, and will not be too many for the necessity.

I am, general, very sincerely, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: A cavalry force of the enemy, estimated at 1,000, has moved from Corinth, Miss., across Northern Alabama, and, on the 2nd, destroyed the depot at Gadsden, Ala., and was threatening Rome, Ga., and the Georgia Railroad. General Forrest was pursuing them, and it is thought that they may endeavor to return through East Tennessee to their own lines. I will send you any information I may receive of their further movements, in the hope that you may be able to intercept them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 4, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has learned with regret, by your dispatch last night, of the abandonment to the enemy of the counties of Clinton and Wayne. He desires you at once to re-occupy them, if you find it practicable to do so.

The forces of Colonel [J. B.] Palmer may co-operate with you, if your information and means justify you in making the attempt; and it is hoped that the cavalry of Colonels Cluke and Chenault, with a portion of the force at Kingston, will be available for the purpose. Hart's regiment may be expected at Jackson to-morrow or next day.

In any disposition you may make to carry out these instructions, have due regard to the defense during the movement of the routes through Big Creek Gap and those in its vicinity.

Please report to the general commanding as soon as possible respecting this subject, informing him of whatever will be necessary to enable you to carry out his wishes, and of any disposition of troops which may become necessary to enable you to move judiciously as in dictated. The general commanding suggests that in any event Wart

