HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 5, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tullahoma:

COLONEL: I have already reported that the cavalry forces under Colonels [J. J.] Morrison and Chenault have evacuated Clinton and Wayne Counties. General Pegram reports that, from the barren nature of the intervening region, he has decided to retire to Clinton, Tenn. I have directed him, if practicable, to take his command back into Clinton and Wayne Counties, and to drive the enemy out. I can only increase his force by infantry.

I hope Colonel Chenault's force will be placed under General Pegram's order for the movement, and as the enemy is reported to be in considerable strength, and to have supports not far off, any additional cavalry which General Bragg can send is desirable.

General Gracie thinks the demonstration of the enemy, who are reported to him to be at London and Manchester in force, threatens Cumberland Gap, so that he has been compelled to retain Colonel Hart's, the only cavalry regiment with which I could re-enforce General Pegram.

Unless I can reoccupy the line of Cumberland River, I shall have, on account of the nature of the intervening country, to draw my cavalry back to the line of the Clinch River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 5, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr.,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: So far as I can see, the indications of the enemy's purpose do not point to Cumberland Gap as strongly as to a route into Tennessee much farther west. They have a considerable force at Williamsburg and Somerset, and have drive our forces out of Monticello and Albany, and occupied these places in a force represented to be quite formidable. Therefore it was that I desired you to send Hart's regiment to General Pegram. But, in consideration of your information and your orders to Colonel Hart's regiment to move forward in another direction, Pegram will have to do without him for the present.

I do not think it necessary to move your battery to Morristown yet. I told Colonel [R. C.] Trigg to send you any of his infantry, if he can spare it.

I have applied to General Jones to put some of his troops on the railroad, near Zollicoffer. I am compelled to make all dispositions of troops with reference to my ability to concentrate my infantry rapidly.

Very truly, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-My cousin, J. H. Maury, came to see me this morning, and I have transferred him on direct application to the engineer department. This is wrong, of course, but I hope will not be of any serious injury to the service.

