HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, [May] 5, 1863.

Major-General PEGRAM,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

MY DEAR PEGRAM: It seems most desirable, if possible, to resume our positions on the Cumberland. A prompt movement can accomplish it, I think. General Johnston tells me he has requested General Bragg to re-enforce Chenault. I think I can give you the greater part of [J. B.] Palmer's brigade, besides some other aid perhaps. Hart's regiment you cannot now count on, because Gracie has ordered it "to the front," thinking Cumberland Gap is threatened.

Your arms and ammunition left here several days ago. Corn has been sent to Clinton; more will be forwarded at once, either to Clinton or to Wartburg. I have suggested Wartburg as equidistant from Clinton and Kingston, and farther to the front; but should you find it necessary to refit at Clinton, do so. Be as quick as you can in your preparations. I have ordered Folk's cavalry here, but you must not wait for it. I sincerely hope you will be able to drive these fellows away and punish them well. According to Morrison's report, I cannot see that our forces needed to fall back, but they all cordially co-operated. Forrest has captured the whole of the force which threatened Rome, Ga.-1,600 mounted infantry.

Your friend, sincerely,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

P. S.-Yours of the 4th instant received. I am sorry to find you do not think it practicable to turn the enemy out; but go on with your preparations, nevertheless, and we will see what force you can get together. If Palmer cannot be moved, I may be able to send you some other infantry, and General Bragg is to give you more cavalry. I wish Forrest could come up with his victorious legions.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Please inform the general commanding at once what force of infantry you require for your expedition. Supplies have been ordered already to Wartburg for you. All the cavalry at Kingston has been ordered to report to you. General Johnston again orders you to communicate with General Morgan. I inclose his dispatch,* received this morning. Colonel Palmer will be ordered to give you two regiments of infantry, which will be replaced from here. Will they be sufficient? Horseshoes have been sent to you, but I fear you will not have time to use many of them, for dispatch is very important and secrecy very desirable. If practicable, please make definite applications on the supply officers for what you require. The chief commissary reports plenty of rations at Clinton.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

