HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 7, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr., Commanding, &amp;c., Bean's Station:

GENERAL: Written orders were sent on yesterday for Hart's cavalry to report to General Pegram. You were telegraphed last night to move your infantry to Morristown, and hurry up Hart's cavalry to Clinton. The latter orders were given in consequence of Chenault's and Pegram's cavalry being forced back by the Yankee cavalry from Monticello and Albany. Please hurry forward Hart to Clinton, where he will receive instructions from General Pegram. The major-general commanding directs that you will order a regiment of infantry to Knoxville at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 7, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY, Commanding, &c., Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have just now received your letter of the 4th instant.

I am glad you have sent Colonel Trigg to command Marshall's men, in the absence of the latter; and as it is important to me and to further our co-operation that I should have early information of the movements of the enemy in Eastern Kentucky, I wish you would instruct Colonel Trigg to communicate with me fully, and give me the earliest news of any advance of the enemy toward my left.

When Burnside's movements are sufficiently pronounced to enable us to determine by what route he is coming, I may be able to aid you as you suggest-that is, by so disposing my troops along the railroad as to enable you to withdraw Brigadier-General Jackson's troops. The line from Bristol to Greeneville, however, is a very long one to be guarded by so small a force as I can send. I wish you would designate the particular points that it is most important to guard on that line.

From what you tell me of Burnside's movements, I think, if he proposes to penetrate into East Tennessee, he will come by Jamestown and Montgomery, with a cavalry force by Jacksborough and Clinton. From the best information I can obtain, the country over which his cavalry will probably pass can be best defended by infantry. Good infantry, well handled, ought to hold some of those mountain passes against four or five times their numbers of Yankee cavalry. An infantry battalion of mine was attacked early the morning of the 2nd instant by nearly three times their number of cavalry, in a comparatively open country, a mile or so west of Lewisburg, and my men repulsed the enemy, inflicting a comparatively heavy loss, and without the loss of a man killed or wounded.

Keep me informed of Burnside's movements.

Very respectfully, &c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, May 8, 1863.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY, Commanding Dept. of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of the 4th to General Cooper and reports of your scouts in relation to the enemy's movements in Kentucky were received yesterday.

