
great regret the commanding general dissolves his official connection with Colonel Brent, who, by his intelligence, diligence, and urbanity, has won the confidence of his superiors and the respect of all. Lieutenant-Colonel Brent will report in person to the Adjutant and Inspector General, that his valuable services, lost to this army, may elsewhere be made available.

II. Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Walter is appointed adjutant-general of the department and the army.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 122. Tullahoma, May 8, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

VIII. Lieutenant-General Polk and Lieutenant-General Hardee will send all dismounted cavalry respectively assigned to them to Tullahoma, Tenn., to report to commandant of that post.

IX. Colonel [James] Strawbridge, commandant of post, Tullahoma, Tenn., will receive all dismounted cavalry sent him by Lieutenant-General Polk or Lieutenant-General Hardee, and place them as they arrive in a separate camp under a strict officer.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 8, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr., Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your battalion will probably be returned to you in a few days. I have already authorized you to move at once toward Cumberland Gap, without waiting for orders from me, if you find that your command is required there. Meanville your infantry, from the indications now before me, had better remain on or near the railroad.

I ordered Colonel Trigg to communicate with you. Can you tell me anything about him or where his troops are, for I do not know, and I have received no report from him since he left here? Push forward the works at Strawberry Plains as rapidly as possible. Do not let the troops stop laboring on them. I understand they have done so. You can then concentrate all of your infantry, which is desirable on the score of discipline and efficiency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 9, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Tullahoma, Tenn.:

Proceed at once to Mississippi and take chief command of the forces, giving to those in the field, as far as practicable, the encouragement and benefit of your personal direction. Arrange to take for temporary service with you, or to be followed without delay, 3,000 good

