
to the command, I am gratified at the result. He deserves the position, though I had thought he would not be assigned to it.

Desiring to keep you fully informed of everything relating to myself and the Government Richmond, and having sent you, through General Bragg, two former depositions, proving that we were not reinvested at Fort Donelson when the army was surrendered, I now inclose you copies of two others upon same point, and copy of my letter to Secretary of War.* I am happy in the belief that I see the dawn of our independence breaking in the future. We have got to kill off and wear out the army now confronting us, which the work of this summer will accomplish, and peace will soon follow. My judgment is clear that our army should advance on the Eagleville pike, turning enemy's position, making the movement with our cavalry thrown around the south and west of Murfreesborough, and compelling him to come out of his works and fight us, or retreat to Nashville, or be cut out from his base and be attacked in reverse. In such a movement I cannot doubt our success. Such a success would greatly accelerate the approach of peace. The inactive course our army is pursuing will lead to the same end, but the process is slow, and will cost our country intolerable suffering, and will greatly impoverish it, and in protracting the war will greatly increase the public debt. The active offensive policy would cost the army much blood, while the slow process of wearing out the enemy will cost as many lives of the army, and will inflict upon the country suffering and losses infinitely greater than any battle would occasion. While I have full confidence in Generals Johnston and Bragg, and am content to follow their views of the best policy, yet my own convictions are so clear that I grieve at what I judge to be the policy they have determined to pursue.

With assurances of my warm personal regard and friendship, I am, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 112. Richmond, May 9, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XV. Brigadier General William Preston will relieve General Marshall in his present command. General Marshall, on being relieved, will report to General Joseph E. Johnston for assignment to a brigade.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, May 10, 1863-8 a. m.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Richmond:

You say in your dispatch of yesterday that additional troops will follow those mentioned. It may be important that I should know how many and when. Please reply to Jackson. I go in a few minutes.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

