HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Shelbyville, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEWART:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that your order the two North Carolina regiments of Bate's brigade to prepare three days' rations, and march as soon as they can get off in the morning (at daylight, if practicable) to Wartrace. Their baggage will be sent to the depot in Shelbyville, and will go forward by rail. The sick and convalescents will be sent to Atlanta, Ga.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,May 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: I have just received your note by the hands of Captain [J. W.] Green, and will answer your inquiries in their order.

To re-enforce Cleburne at or near Liberty Gap, Brown and Dilworth should move on the direct road from Fairfield to that point. The batteries and ordnance wagons of Helm and Adams would, I think, be obliged to move via Fairfield. It is about 12 miles from Jacobs' Store to Liberty Gap by way of Fairfield, and about 8 miles on direct line. Infantry may be able to move by direct route. I will know to-morrow.

The roads in my front and on my right and left are known to you, being delineated on Captain Green's map. They are quite numerous, especially on my right, and it would take a whole brigade of infantry on duty at once to picket them properly. I have no infantry pickets more than a mile from my caps, except in one direction. Colonel Thompson, commanding cavalry, has pickets on the different roads, and has promised to be vigilant and report promptly and regularly. I would like the cavalry farther in front and more of it. If you think best, I can distribute a brigade 3 or 4 miles in front and flanks on the different roads.

I will see, by experiment, how long it will take Cobb to get in motion under the conditions you mention. Please send an officer to examine the defective gun in his battery.

I will ascertain whether we can get any forage between our pickets and those of the enemy.

With great respect, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

OFFICE OF ARTY., HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,

Camp at Erwin's House, near Wartrace, May 11, 1863.

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, &.:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication requesting that the relation of the batteries of this corps (under the recent order of the Secretary of War) to brigade and division commanders by clearly defined, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that on the march a battery will be assigned to each brigade and, if possible, the

