
with him everything his army will use, and have an immense train. I have not been able to learn that he is assembling an unusual amount of transportation; but Colonel [G. W.] McKenzie reports, on the 8th, that he is assembling a large force at Somerset; that his forces had fallen back to London. Judge Curd, of Kentucky, a citizen of Williamsburg, also reports a lrage force assembling at Somerset, and for the invasion of East Tennessee. The people hereabouts are very confident that the invasion will soon be made. The Lincoln people are said to be very exultant at their approaching deliverance from oppression, and, so soon as an army enters, they will doubtless become active allies, and our railroad and telegraphic lines will cease to be of value to us.

As soon as the engineer officer had reported to me from his inspection of the bridge defenses, I ordered him to go to work and select the points for the redoubts. He reports to me this morning that he has received tools enough for 1,000 workmen, and, if General Buckner chooses to do so, he may commence work to-morrow, and, with the force he can employ, the redoubts will be ready in a few days. There is a great quantity of field artillery in this department; more, I think, than is required now-more, at all events, than there are horses and men for. The arming of the redoubts will not, therefore, take from the field artillery any of its guns. But General Buckner will be here to-day, and to him I will transfer your instructions and submit these suggestions, which I offer to you, general, with great diffidence and respect.

Very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 11, 1863.

Colonel J. S. FAIN,

Commanding Fifth District:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will please assume command of the Fifth District during the absence of Colonel Palmer. Please get together the dismounted men (also the mounted ones, if there be any) of Pegram's brigade. Establish them in camp, under the senior cavalry officer; have the proper discipline enforced, and let them be ready for any service which they may be called upon to do.

The general commanding has not received a report from Colonel McKenzie for some days past. He is anxious to hear from him. Please give him any information you can procure from Colonel McKenzie at the earliest moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, May 12, 1863.

General SAMUEL JONES, Dublin Depot, Va.:

General Maury telegraphs East Tennessee to be in imminent danger of invasion by very superior forces. Do your plans allow you to so arrange your forces as to send re-enforcements or go to the rescue?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

