
but simply to show the military relations existing between the Departments of the Gulf and Mississippi. I think, therefore, the interests of the country require the constitution of the Department of the Gulf into a separate military department, subject only, like the other departments in the west, to the orders of its own commander and General Johnston, who is the supervisory commander of all. I feel at full liberty to make this suggestion, as I cannot now have any personal object in view.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General Provisional Army of the Confederate States.

KNOXVILLE, May 12, 1863.

General JONES, Dublin:

Heavy concentration of the enemy at Somerset.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, &amp;c.

SMITHVILLE, May 13, 1863-9 a. m.

General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, McMinnville:

GENERAL: I have to inform you that I resumed my position here last night, on account of information received through several friendly sources that it was the design of the enemy to surround me, if possible, by night, at Liberty. I was reliably informed that three spies from Stokes' command, Captain Blackburn among them, had been lurking in my vicinity for two days. They had probably ascertained the strength and position of all my outposts. I did not feel at liberty to disregard this information, though I did not folly credit it. My scouting was thorough, and my picketing was as secure as possible without employing in that service an undue proportion of my force; but I had to admit that, owing to the great number and complication of roads in that section, the enemy being acquainted with every one of them, and the unfriendly disposition of the citizens, the scheme reported was practicable with a superior force of the enemy within a march of my position. I did not discover myself any movement of the enemy. My scout is informed, as per last dispatch, that he is still at Rome.

I can possibly forage here to-day and to-morrow, but no longer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 103. Tullahoma, Tenn., May 13, 1863.

The commanding general announces to the army another great victory on the banks of the Rappahannock. Another vast army from the North, under a selected general, attacked the Army of Virginia, and, baffled and beaten, has again sought shelter under the protection of its guns, beyond the river.

The battle of the Rappahannock is blazoned on banners bright with many triumphs and obscured by no defeat.

