
ing crushed them, he could have left 30,000 to march on to Nashville and Kentucky, and have sent about 50,000 to take possession of Memphis and Fort Pillow, keeping up his own communications with them by the Memphis Railroad and with Mobile and Jackson, Miss., by the Southern Railroad to those cities.

The whole of this brilliant campaign, which is only indicated here, could have been terminated by the end of June with the destruction of Rosecrans' and Grant's armies and the conquest of Tennessee and Kentucky. We could then have taken the offensive in Ohio or Pennsylvania, as circumstances would have best indicated.

G. T. B.

SMITHVILLE, May 15, 1863.

Lieutenant W. E. WAILES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, McMinnville:

LIEUTENANT: Your dispatches of yesterday (three) were received. My brigade moves this morning at 7 o'clock for Liberty. Please inform me where the headquarters of the right of our infantry rests.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 15. Tullahoma, Tenn., May 15, 1863.

Surg. A. J. Foard is ex officio announced medical director of this department and of the Army of Tennessee.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 15, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM, In the Field:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant, from Monticello, is just received. Since my note of yesterday there is no confirmation of the doubtful rumor I sent you; but, on the contrary, information of about 500 Federal cavalry at Barboursville. You should endeavor to keep advised of all movements in that direction, to advise me speedily of them, and to act in accordance with the necessities which may arise. Should the enemy advance on the Barboursville line in force, your cavalry force might, by vigorous movements, destroy his trains and defeat his purposes.

General Morgan is your junior. I am uncertain as to the character of his orders further than to co-operate with my cavalry. You are aware of the feeling which exists in some irregular organizations in reference to being commanded by regular officers. In your relations with the troops, even more than with General Morgan, you should endeavor to conciliate that feeling. I have written to General Morgan, informing him that I have a right to expect from him a hearty co-operating with you as his senior. I feel assured that you will receive from General Morgan his able and hearty support, if you show toward him and his command the proper consideration and a spirit of great conciliation.

