
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 24, 1863.

Numbers 31.

I. No adequate punishment has been heretofore inflicted upon conviction of the military offense of desertion. This calls for a determined effort on the part of the commanding general for its suppression. He therefore wishes it to be distinctly understood, by the officers and soldiers of this department, that he expects a rigid adherence, upon the part of courts-martial, to the letter of the law; that its extreme penalty will be enforced in every case of desertion, as provided by the following Article of War:

XX. All officers and soldiers who have received pay, or have been duly enlisted in the service of the United States, and shall be convicted of having deserted the same, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as, by a sentence of a court-martial, shall be inflicted.

II. The general commanding will arrange and announce a system by which a limited number of annual furloughs will be granted in each company, in rotation, to those non-commissioned officers and privates who, by meritorious conduct and soldierly bearing, deserve this special favor. Company and regimental commanders are charged to strictly examine every application for leave, and recommend none but those worthy of this privilege.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 24, 1863.

Numbers 52.

* * * * * * *

XX. All officers and soldiers belonging to the Army of the Cumberland are ordered to report forthwith to Brigadier General M. S. Hascall at Indianapolis, Ind. Those who are absent by authority will report to him by letter, stating the authority on which they are absent, their duties, address, and length of time they have already been absent. Those absent without proper authority will immediately report to him in person and obey his orders, or be considered deserters, and subject to arrest and trial as such. This order is intended to apply to all officers of whatever rank belonging to this army, now absent from their duties in the field.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. THRALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 25, 1863 - midnight.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Evening dispatches announce the passage of conscription bill - the greatest measure since the foundation of the Government. Please let

