HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION,Sparta, May 20, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose you a letter just received from one of my agents. Information is coming in slowly just now, but in a day or two I shall be able to present you with a more complete account.

The force of Federals at Glasgow is about 1,500. They have fortified several points in the vicinity of the town. There is also a large force at Lebanon, and one at Somerset. The enemy appear to be moving down all their troops from the upper portion of the State and concentrating them in the lower bank of counties.

I would be greatly obliged, general, if fifteen or twenty days before you design the expedition to start you would notify me, in order that I may proceed with my family to Augusta, where I design making arrangements for them to remain during my absence.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

ALBANY, May 19, 1863.

General MORGAN:

Two of my scouts have just returned. One from Columbia reports eight regiments at Columbia, and from the best information he can get they are fixed to remain there. They are receiving no re-enforcements, nor are they fortifying. The are under Jacob, and composed of cavalry, infantry, and artillery. Their wagon trains are constantly passing between Lebanon and Columbia; also scouting between Columbia and Somerset.

The other reports the force at Somerset to be eighteen regiments (cavalry, infantry, and artillery), stationed at Somerset, Harrison, and Miltonville. They say they will move to Mill Springs and Stigall's Ferry.

No talk of the Yankees withdrawing. Burnside was at Louisville last Friday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. THORPE,

P. S.-The river can be forded at two places-about Greasy Creek and below Rowena.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, May 20, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The absence of General Johnston in Mississippi induces me to communicate with you directly. On my arrival here I found a very faulty organization of the troops, although my immediate predecessor had done much toward concentrating them. With a view to as large and speedy a concentration as practicable, I have made the following organization:

1st. A local brigade of the several arms of service, composed chiefly of troops raised for local defense, and numbering about 1,200 effective, under command of Brigadier General A. E. Jackson, an appointment from East Tennessee. These troops are to be distributed at the various defenses

