
The operator at Fosterville also dispatches following:

The enemy came in our rear at 5 this morning. Skirmishing still going on. We are holding our own finely.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

LIBERTY, TENN., May 22, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, McMinnville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your circular is just received. It seems that the courier has been sixteen hours on the road. Captain [J. H.] Britton and Lieutenant [D. S.] Terry, jr., of Brigadier-General Wharton's staff, and escort company, are now below, in the direction of Lebanon, and will return to-morrow. I suppose the order to exclude all persons from the lines does not include them, or, perhaps, other parties of soldiers now below on duty. I am experiencing considerable difficulty in procuring forage here, the supply being exhausted. I have dispatched this morning three wagons, under strong guard, toward Lebanon, to procure subsistence for the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

LIBERTY, May 22, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Army Corps, McMinnville:

GENERAL: The scout sent out with instructions to cross Stone's River

has just returned. They were unable to cross over, in consequence of its being strongly guarded at all points; they, however, got a citizen, well known as friendly to our cause, who went to la Vergne, and reports the enemy moving troops from Nashville, to re-enforce Murfreesborough. I saw large siege guns on the cars from Nashville, going toward Murfreesborough.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

SHELBYVILLE, May 23, 1863.

PRIVATE.]

President DAVIS:

Sent 3,500 with the general, three batteries of artillery, and 2,000 cavalry. Will dispatch 6,000 more immediately. Have no orders. The general did not consider it safe to weaken this point.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[Indorsement.]

General S. COOPER:

GENERAL: The President has directed me to send you the above, which is intended for your private information.

Respectfully,

WM. M. BROWNE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

