
me know as soon as it is approved by the President. This will increase the power of this army 50 per cent. in sixty days. No special news. Rivers high and rising. Floods will be great. Rebels will probably stand a while at Tullahoma. Part of Polk's corps has probably moved from Shelbyville there within a day or two.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GALLATIN, February 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

Learning from reliable sources that Morgan had a large number of boats on Caney Fork River, and would attempt to cross the river below Carthage, to invade Kentucky, I have determined to take up 1,500 men and co-operate with the gunboats and the troops sent with them. Morgan's whole force amounts to near 5,000 mounted men. They are all within a few miles of Liberty. Wolford has been sent for, but cannot get here under two or three days. As he is not here, I go there with 1,500 infantry.

Answer.

Yours, &amp; c.,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General.

GALLATIN, February 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel GODDARD:

I had received no advice in relation to the boats or troops going to support them. I was telegraphed one week ago that two gunboats would go up the river to Carthage, and told to notify Wolford of that fact. Wolford was in Kentucky, and I so telegraphed the department. When I learned from my men on the river that the boats were coming up, I thought it my duty to support, at least so far as 1,000 or 1,200 cavalry could, but, before doing so, I thought it my duty to telegraph you and get a response, which I have done, and shall conduct myself accordingly. My troops are ordered back to camp. If the boats and transports suffer, I am not to blame, for you may be well satisfied Morgan, with about 5,000 men, are in the neighborhood of Liberty, intending to try to cross on boats built on Caney Fork, and to invade my State. I am not easily led to believe any story unfounded. I think I am well skilled in deciding on well or ill founded rumors. I am here to perform any duty ordered by you.

Yours, & c.,

W. T. WARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, February 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Rebels, about 700 strong, got to Winchester, Ky. Are passing out through mountains. Your army will be flanked on left, and Kentucky invaded. What is impossible for Federal troops seems practicable for rebels. You may rely on it. Your whole army will have to return to

