
his command had started to join him (Williams). I have directed arms and other supplies to be furnished for these men.

I together, and still think, the troops assigned to General Williams would soon be more numerous than the brigade he commanded during the winter, even if he failed to raise additional troops in Kentucky. The battery he complains of is composed of excellent material, the only objection to it being the caliber of the guns. I had asked for guns of larger caliber to replace them,and still expect the guns will be furnished. I needed heavier guns elsewhere, and, having especial view to the defense of the Salt-Works, I knew that in General Marshall's command was one battalion of artillery of twelve field guns and two other field batteries, which were available for the defense of the Salt-Works.

General Williams has never expressed to me a desire to be relived from duty at Saltville, and I have not been able to move the troops from Greenbrier and Monroe to join him at Saltville, nor can they be moved from where they now are without an order from the War Department.

I respectfully ask that this communication be laid with General Williams' letter of resignation before the Secretary of War and the President.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Indorsement on General Williams' letter of resignation.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, May 25, 1863.

At the special request of Brigadier General John S. Williams, this resignation of his commission is approved and respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, who is respectfully referred to my letter of this date for an explanation of so much of the within statement as refers to me.

SAM. JONES,Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 26, 1863.

General BRAGG:

The depot for recaptured slaves at McMinnville will be changed, in orders, to Chattanooga.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

SHELBYVILLE, May 26, 1863. (VIA CHATTANOOGA May 27.)

General S. COOPER:

All McCown's division, except one Georgia regiment, Helm's, Adams' and Preston's brigade, Breckinridge in command, Jackson's cavalry division, of Van Dorn's corps.*

BRAXTON BRAGG.

---------------

*Troops ordered to Mississippi.

---------------

