
found at their homes in the peaceful pursuits of life. In the perpetration of these outrages on humanity, and these violations of civilized warfare, he has prostituted the flat of truce to the base purpose of protecting the guards who drive forth these exiles. Hereafter that flag will not protect those guards, but they will be seized and sent forward to be treated as spies or prisoners of war, as the circumstances in each case may require.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENN.,Numbers 122. Shelbyville, June 2, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Walthall will report without delay, with his brigade, to Major-General Withers.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, June 2, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Tullahoma or Shelbyville:

Telegraph of General Bragg received. General Bragg [Buckner], at Richmond, will return day after to-morrow. Force in this department inadequate to the extent of country. Enemy reported to advance, 6,000 strong, from Columbia on Burkesville. Am under instructions to watch the country beyond Kingston against a possible raid from the direction of Sparta, and have in view a probable concentration at London. Keep me posted of the enemy's movements, and, if required, all possible re-enforcements shall be sent you. Have telegraphed General Buckner.

[V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.]

KNOXVILLE, June 2, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Spottswood Hotel, Richmond, Va.:

Colonel Smith, of Morgan's command, reports a rumor that the enemy, 6,000 strong, is advancing from Albany on Burkesville. Two regiments crossed near Monticello, but returned to the right bank, after having captured 20 or 30 of Pegram's men.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 2, 1863.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding at Clinton:

SIR: Information received from General Pegram indicates that the enemy, 6,000 strong, may cross the Cumberland at Burkesville and com-

