
Kentucky to defend the border, if something is not done soon. The invasion will be from East Tennessee and Virginia. Rebels can cross Sahara, if necessary. You may note what I tell you. Rebels destroyed steamer Hattie Gilmore on Green River.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

LA VERGNE, February 25, 1863.

Major FLYNT,

Chief of Staff, Fourteenth Army Corps:

The cavalry who pursued the party who tore up the track near Stewart's Creek has returned. They came in sight of the rear guard of the rebels as they crossed Stone's River. They numbered about 100. A portion of them crossed at Wade's Ford, on the West Fork, and the others at Eastman's Ford, on the East Fork. The captain commanding the cavalry did not deem it prudent to cross the river with the force he had.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Major GEORGE E. FLYNT, Chief of Staff:

Colonel Carroll advises me that just before arrival of train this morning a portion of the track was torn up, about three-quarters of a mile from his vedettes. The track was railed. The cavalry reserve at Stewart's Creek went up, and learned that about 100 cavalry had just been there. A cavalry force has gone in pursuit of them. The train was delayed by the tearing up of the track. Colonel Carroll thinks it was Hamilton's and Buchanan's force. They are believed to rendezvous in the cedars, across Stone's River, about 8 miles from Carroll, and are supposed to be from 300 to 500 strong.

JOHN M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Lexington, Ky., February 25, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN P. RUNKLE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

Your dispatch of to-day, from Mount Sterling, was received at 9 p. m. If you are sure the enemy is moving toward the Kentucky River, follow him up, but spare your horses. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Miner, at Richmond, to destroy the ferries and oppose his crossing. In your dispatch you omitted to state where the force with which you left Danville is distributed, and all I know about it I have derived from citizens. Send back messenger at once, giving the strength of the force with you, and what you know of those you left behind, with the orders you gave them. Colonel Gilbert will probably have enough to do to attend to the forces reported to be advancing from Burkesville. The object of your following the enemy toward the river is to frustrate his attempt to cross and to disperse him. I do not want you to follow him, should he retreat toward Virginia, as your command will probably be required for other work very soon. Report to me twice a day by hired couriers.

