
about 4 miles above Rome. I am fearful he will not be successful, as the enemy are moving on the Rome road. Their destination appears to be Murfreesborough.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: This force of the enemy is being watched, and, when its destination is definitely ascertained, it will be promptly reported to you. When it reaches Lebanon, will report to you whether it takes the Nashville or Lebanon road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. WHARTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 19. Tullahoma, Tenn., June 4, 1863.

I. All helpless people expelled from the lines of the enemy will report to the general commanding the army, department, or district nearest the place first reached by them. Upon their request, the inspector-general of such army, department, or district nearest the place first reached by them. Upon their request, the inspector-general of such army, department, or district will furnish, at Government expense, to those who come with certificates of expulsion, transportation to some convenient point in the rear near the line of a leading railroad, and subsistence in kind until they reach their destination. Such inspectors-general will make out and send to these headquarters a list of the persons so sent, the points to which they are sent, and such other information as they may deem important.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, June 4, 1863.

General CHEATHAM,Mrs. Minder's, beyond Fosterville:

You will fall back slowly in the morning. It is not desired to bring on a general engagement, but, it pressed by the enemy, check him from time to time, and inform me frequently of the position of affairs. Look well to you flanks.

L. POLK.

KNOXVILLE, June 4, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Tullahoma, or Shelbyville:

Brigadier-General Pegram reports, June 2, from Monticello, rumors of enemy's falling back from Columbia. Citizens report enemy withdrawing in direction of Nashville.

Give this for what it is worth.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

