HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S REGIMENT, June 5, 1863-2.15 a. m.

Major E. S. BURFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Colonel [W. C. P.] Breckinridge directs me to say he has just received your dispatch, with a copy of dispatch from General Bragg, and will say in reply that a heavy scout sent out by him to drive the enemy's pickets in was, on day before yesterday (3rd instant), driven back from Readyville by a force of the enemy's cavalry. This was just at dusk, on the 3rd instant (Wednesday). A scout has just returned from the neighborhood of Readyville and reports the enemy still there, but that General Wilder's brigade was moved on yesterday (Thursday) morning to Triune. Furthermore, that the enemy have not left Readyville at any time since this regiment has been on duty here in the front, unless they were driven from there on Wednesday about 1 p. m.; and, if such be the case, they certainly returned and occupied the place by 4 o'clock the same day, for the scout spoken of above drove his pickets immediately into their camp, and was then fired upon by the sentinels around camp, and chased by 150 cavalry from that point through Woodbury, 7 miles. The colonel directs me to say he will send a heavy scout out immediately, and advise you immediately upon the receipt of word from it.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. M. JONES,

Adjutant.

FORKS OF McMINNVILLE AND FRANK'S FERRY ROADS, June 5, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Army Corps, McMinnville:

GENERAL: The enemy ceased to press me shortly after my dispatch at 3 p. m.; but, having no corn, and there being no possibility of getting any between Smithville and McMinnville, I deemed it advisable to move on to the vicinity of the latter place to-night. My command has had no corn since last night, and I respectfully request you to telegraph to Tullahoma for 300 bushels to be sent up on the cars. Please advise me if it can be obtained, and at what hour.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. BUTLER,

Colonel, Commanding Harrison's Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Major [Colonel] Butler's command should have corn to-morrow. You will please direct him (General Wheeler agreeing) to move here to-morrow for corn, sending a force to watch the enemy. This is in case the enemy do not advance; if they do, he must hold his own. He should stay where he is until scouts report in the morning the movements of the enemy. Please ask Major [O. P.] Chaffie to procure corn.

(Not signed.)
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S REGIMENT, June 5, 1863.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, McMinville:

I am directed by Colonel Breckinridge to inform you the scout sent out on this morning at 2.15 a. m. has returned. The enemy's pickets

