
sent to Wartburg as soon as the main line of the enemy's march and the points of probable attack can be ascertained. There are indications of an advance of Rosecrans on General Bragg. If necessary, a concentration of the troops within this department will be effected near Loudon.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 5, 1863.

Colonel [J. B.] PALMER,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Pegram reports from Monticello, June 3: ten regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, and four batteries at Somerset. Two additional brigades, commanded by General Gillmore, are hourly expected. Troops had received orders to cook eight days' rations; and a forward movement by Burnside seems no longer doubtful.

You will please order four days' cooked rations to be kept on hand, and hold your command in readiness to march at any moment to the rescue of the threatened point, which may be either Big Creek Gap, Wartburg, Kingston, or Loudon.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, June 5, 1863.

Brigadier General W. PRESTON,

Abingdon, Va.:

General Buckner will pass Abingdon to-day on return from Richmond. Meet him at the cars, and tell him enemy is advancing from Somerset, with ten regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, and four batteries. They have prepared rations from eight days. Grant is in precarious position. A general advance expected to relieve him. Have ordered bacon for you.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

DUBLIN, June 5, 1863.

General BUCKNER,

(Care of General Preston, Abingdon):

Your chief of staff telegraphs that the enemy is moving in large force from Somerset to Cumberland River on the 1st instant. If Burnside is really advancing, the few troops I have at and near Saltville and Glade Spring are at your service. You will doubtless received fuller information at abingdon.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

(General PRESTON: Please have this delivered to General Buckner, who passed down the road to-day, and will probably stop at Abingdon.)

55 R R-VOL XXIII, PT II

