
yet; probably 9,000 men. Pegram has 3,000, and thinks will give them a good check.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MORGAN'S DIVISION, Sparta, June 7, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatches of the 6th instant. The last, directing me to move my whole command by steady but not too rapid marches to Liberty, instead of McMinnville, was received this morning. Orders were issued to the Second Brigade on the 5th instant to move as directed. Orders have been also sent to the First Brigade to move in the direction indicated. The distance, however, being so great, it will necessarily be several days before the entire command can reach Liberty.

I inclose paper from General Pegram,* stating the force of the enemy at Somerset. My scouts report from eight to ten regiments at Columbia also.

By the withdrawal of my entire force from the river, this entire right flank is left exposed and completely open to the incursions of the enemy. The enemy are continually making demonstrations along the river. At the time the first dispatch from your headquarters was received, directing me to move one of my brigades to Liberty, one of my regiments was engaged with the enemy.

I would respectfully request, general, that I may be advised as to any probable movement of our army, in order that I may make the necessary arrangements for a proper disposal of my troops, which I cannot, of course, do as effectively as if I were fully acquainted with the object desired to be obtained.

Late Northern papers admit a loss at Vicksburg of 40,000, and fear that Grant will lose his entire army.

I would also like to be informed as to what length of time my command will probably remain at Liberty, and whether both brigades are to be concentrated at that point for any length of time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 7, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: Information has been received by the major-general commanding that the enemy is probably moving on East Tennessee. You are, therefore, directed to hold your command in readiness to move forward to the assistance of General Buckner on receipt of orders from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Colonel August Forsberg, commanding Third Brigade.)

---------------

*Not found

---------------

