
In the mean time keep your command well together, and move by slow marches on Nicholasville, whenever in your judgment nothing more is to be gained by pursuit, bearing in mind that your command may be required very soon in the direction of Danville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CLAY'S FERRY, February 25, 1863.

General GILLMORE:

Rebels crossed here and at Boonesborough last night. My brigade is crossing here and at Boonesborough. We will make 40 miles to-night, and run them out. I think there are more behind them. I send you 3 prisoners - F. H. Smith, L. C. Harris (said to be a brother of John [H.] Morgan), and William Hibbs, all of Cluke's Kentucky regiment. My men and horses are in good condition. Made 45 miles yesterday. I will be in Mount Sterling or Paris at daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. P. RUNKLE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., February 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I inclose you the following:*

General Grant must judge of the necessities of the case by combining it with his information. I have no doubt that a considerable movement east is going on. I question whether it means abandonment of Vicksburg, except by their main force. It would be high strategy to draw our army so far down, and then sweep over their inland lines to attack Rosecrans, and the movement of Van Dorn intimates something of the kind. The Confederate authorities work for successful blows in war, and are not respecters of persons or places. They would undoubtedly abandon Vicksburg, if thereby they should conquer and crush Rosecrans. I deem this of consequence enough to send by special messenger.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

February 26, 1863 - 12.30 a. m.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Larned just received a telegram ordering him to Louisville. This will be of infinite detriment to the service, and may prevent the

---------------

* See Hamilton's report of Cornyn's attack on Tuscumbia, February 22, Part I, p. 63.

---------------

