HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, June 7, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,Commanding at Knoxville:

GENERAL: I received last night your telegrams in regard to the movements of the enemy from Kentucky toward East Tennessee. Your chief of staff had telegraphed me very much the same information the day before. Spring to hold the men in readiness to move at the shortest notice, in conjunction with Brigadier-General Preston. In the event of any interruption of communication between here and Knoxville, I will move my men promptly to the point of interruption. There is a report here this morning that two of the enemy's mounted regiments are at Pound Gap. I can hardly think they will move in any force by that route, though they may threaten, and perhaps send a party of cavalry on a raid to the Salt-Works. If I ascertain that, I shall have to keep a small force at the Salt-Works. I hope you will keep me fully and promptly informed of the enemy's movements. If your troops now guarding the railroad between Bristol and Knoxville are good and reliable, it may, perhaps, save time to push them forward to meet the enemy, and let me replace them on the railroad, as for such a move my men will need no other transportation than that furnished by the railroad; where as if they move toward Cumberland Gap, or anywhere away from the railroad, they will need their transportation.

In haste, very respectfully and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, June 8, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you move your divisions to the fortifications at once, dividing the line between your division commanders, and pressing the works with dispatch. On the line on the left the communications will be at once completed, so that the artillery can pass without difficulty. All the field and staff of the divisions must move with the divisions, and the officers superintend the working of the men.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., June 8, 1863.

Major-General CHEATHAM:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your division to the fortifications in front at once. Your position will be on the right; General Withers' on the left. The work, as prescribed by the engineer department, will be pressed with dispatch. The field and staff of the division will move with the division, and the officers superintend the working of the men. The inspector-general of the corps

