
will point out the dividing line between the two divisions. Colonel [J. C. B.] Mitchell, commanding working parties, has been ordered to his regiment, and the men under him to their respective commands.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Shelbyville, Tenn., June 8, 1863.

Major-General WITHERS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move your division to the fortifications in the front at once. Your position will be on the left; General Cheatham's on the right. The work, as prescribed by the engineer department, will be pressed with dispatch. On the line on the left the communications will be at once completed, so that the artillery can pass without difficulty. The field and staff of the division will move with the division, and the officers superintend the working of the men. The inspector-general of the corps will point out the diving line of the two divisions. Colonel Mitchell, commanding working parties, has been ordered to his regiment, and the men under him to their respective commands.

Most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 136. Richmond, June 8, 1863.

* * * * * * * * * *

XXI. The following will hereafter be the western limits of the Department of East Tennessee, viz: Following the Little Tennessee and Tennessee Rivers to Kingston, thence up Clich River to mouth of Elmery Creek, up Emery Creek to the Cumberland Mountains, and following said mountains to Cumberland Gap. All the country in Tennessee west of this line will be added to the command of General Bragg.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr.,

Cumberland Gap:

All quiet on the 6th in Pegram's front. It is possible that enemy is making only a feint near Monticello, and intends advancing from Somerset on Williamsburg. Watch approaches from that point. An engineer has been sent you. What rations do you need to supply you for thirty days?

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

