HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of June 6, 1863, is just received. The major-general commanding is inclined to think that the demonstration of the enemy near Monticello may be a feint to over his rear intentions of an advance from Somerset on Williamsburg, by way of Stigall's Ferry and Wadesborough. The undersigned is directed to inform you that Williamsburg and Barboursville shall be observed by the forces now stationed at Cumberland Gap, and that all information obtained from scouts, reconnoitering parties, &amp;c., will be forwarded to you, but to request you at the same time to act with all the energy and to use all the vigilance that would be required on your part in the case. No assistance could be rendered to you here, and no information obtained of the enemy's movements, except through your couriers. Horseshoes, ammunition, and supplies have been sent to Wartburg.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., June 10, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have intelligence of marauding bands of deserters from the army collected in several of the western counties, especially in Henderson Country, North Carolina. These lie, I believe, within your district, and the deserters are recruited and sustained in a great measure by the disloyal in the contiguous district of East Tennessee. It will be dangerous to allowed these brigands to gather in serious strength, and while I fear the necessity of concentrating your forces and meeting the formidable invasion threatened on your front will not allow at present any detachment of your forces to be sent to disperse and clear out these brigand collections, I deem it proper to inform you of them, and request your adoption of appropriate measures of repression as early as the circumstances of your command will allow.

With high esteem, very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

P. S.-Should I have occasion to address you on any matter which I do not care to be known to the operators, I will use the reversed alphabet-thus, z for a, y for b, &c.

KNOXVILLE, June 10, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Glade Spring:

Nothing later. Enemy in same threatening attitude.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

