
RICHMOND, June 17, 1863.

General S. B. BUCKNER,

Knoxville, Tenn.:

General Bragg learns that nearly all of Burnside's forces have been sent to Nashville and to Vicksburg. He proposes an expedition to feel the enemy, and suggests that you do the same on the right of your department. To insure con-intelligence and co-operation, you will communicate frequently and fully to General Bragg.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General [JOHN W.] FRAZER or

Colonel [J. B.] PALMER:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that the command now stationed at Clinton march at once to Jacksoborough, leaving at that point a guard to protect the public property. The passes between Big Creek Gap and Cumberland Gap must be watched with increased vigilance. Brigadier General A. Gracie, jr., has been ordered to march to Big Creek Gap, and you will please establish communication with his command at the earliest practicable moment. Should the enemy occupy Big Creek Gap in such a force as would exclude the possibility of dislodging him, you will fall back on Clinton, leave Clinch River between you and the enemy, and effect a junction with Brigadier-General Gracie on this side of Clinch Mountain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-McCants' battery has been ordered to Jacksborough. If you should fall back to Clinton, notify him at once.

KNOXVILLE, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr.,

Cumberland Gap:

March to-night. Should the enemy occupy Big Creek Gap in such a force that you cannot dislodge them, you will fall back in the direction of Knoxville, keeping communication with General Frazer, and form a function with him south of Clinth Mountain.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, June 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General [A. E.] JACKSON,

Jonesborough, Tenn.:

A formidable force of bushwhackers is said to threaten Greeneville, the stores there, and the railroad. Look to it at once, and if you have not force enough to disperse them, telegraph here.

J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

