
The Fifty-four Virginia Regiment has been ordered to support [R. P.] McCants' battery, at Kingston, against the attack of an inferior enemy, but to serve as escort to the battery and fall back on London, keeping between Clinch and Tennessee Rivers, should the enemy approach in too strong force.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 18, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr.,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you leave at Big Creek Gap a garrison sufficiently strong to guard against all surprise, and to take position with the main body of your command at Jacksborough Gap. You will please keep in constant communication with Brigadier-General Frazer, and support him in case he should attack or be attacked by an enemy approaching from the direction of Kingston.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, June 18, 1863.

Colonel [G. T.] MAXWELL,

Loundon:

Send courier to Kingston, ordering McCants' battery to fall back in the direction of Knoxville, so as to meet the Fifty-fourth Virginia. Order the Fifty-fourth Virginia to march on nearest route to Kingston, taking position on this side of the river, if the enemy is not in force, but fall back on Loudon, serving as escort to the battery, and keeping between Clinch and Tennessee Rivers, if the enemy is in force. They must not engage the enemy if in superior force. Order our boats and supplies to Loudon. Remain with your regiment at Loudon until further orders.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 18, 1863.

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: For fear that my dispatch of yesterday may not reach you, I repeat its substance:

The enemy is making a demonstration in force against Big Creek Gap. The last information relative to his movements was received at 5 o'clock this morning. Up to the hour the dispatch was written (10 p. m., June 17), he had shown two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, but no artillery, and was then only 4 miles from the block-house, slowly advancing. Our forces are being concentrated at and near the threatened point. Colonel Fain's Georgia regiment has been ordered to Jacksborough.

