
Under the circumstances, General Buckner wishes you to repair in person to Wartburg, and watch the movements of the enemy from there, threatening his flank and rear. Provisions are being forwarded to you at Wartburg. I shall keep you advised of everything that occurs.

Last news from Virginia very favorable. Nine thousand of Milroy's army captured by General Ewell.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

KNOXVILLE, June 18, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Station, Va.:

The enemy, in considerable force, have advanced toward Big Crek Gap. Send me all your disposable force by rail to this point as soon as possible.

Respectfully,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, [TENN.,] June 18, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin, Va.:

The difficulty about Preston's command is that they are mostly cavalry. I have ordered one of his infantry regiments to re-enforce Cumberland Gap. The rest of his command I leave to cover Abingdon and Saltville. The enemy have retired from Big Creek Gap after heavy skirmishing, but now occupy Wartburg, threatening Kingston. The proportions of his movement are not yet developed. Pegram is beyond Wartburg. I think I will need your regiment for a few days. I will return it on your demand, whenever you require it, whatever the circumstances. It can re-enforce me in less time than Preston can.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, June 18, 1863.

Brigadier General W. PRESTON,

Abingdon, Va.:

Send Hawkins' regiment by forced marches to Cumberland Gap. The enemy are making a heavy demonstration against Big Creek Gap.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

DUBLIN, June 19, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Knoxville:

The only troops I can spare are at Saltville, under General William as. I do not think it safe to move them from that place. They are at your disposal, if you need them. Would it not be better to draw to you all of Preston's force? I can throw a regiment and battery to the Salt-Works at short notice, if necessary. I cannot send the only regiment I have to guard this road to Knoxville unless there is the most urgent necessity. Reply promptly, as I leave here to-morrow.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

