
and then, perhaps, move on toward Chattanooga, or he may come out by Crosville and Sparta. I will follow him up as rapidly as possible. Please send this to Generals Morgan and Wheeler.

Very respectfully,

JNO. PEGRAM,

Brigadier-General.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. GREEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 145. Shelbyville, Tenn., June 21, 1863.

The following board of artillery officers is designated for this army, and will meet on the first day of each month, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to report such facts in regard to the artillery and projectiles in use in this army as may have come to their knowledge, and to make any suggestions in regard to changes and improvements they may think necessary, and also to make tables of ranges for the use of the Confederate States artillery:

Detail for board.-Lieutenant-Colonel Hallonquist, chief of artillery, Army of Tennessee; Major M. Smith, chief of artillery, Cheatham's division; Major L. Hoxton, chief of artillery, Hardee's corps, and Captain F. H. Robertson, Confederate States artillery.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MORRISTOWN, June 21, 1863.

Major-General JONES,

Dublin:

The enemy burned the bridge over the Holston, 16 miles east of Knoxville, last evening. They advanced to within 14 miles of this place this morning and burned a bridge and depot. No troops here except my regiment, Brigadier-General Jackson in command.

G. C. WHARTON,

Colonel.

KNOXVILLE, June 22, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Shelbyville:

The enemy appeared near Knoxville on the 19th, and attacked on 20th. Were repulsed. They burned the railroad bridges at Flat Creek and Strawberry Plains. Please grant permission to [A. L.] Maxwell, bridge-builder, to rebuild them at once.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

McMINNVILLE, June 23, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER:

Delivered your orders on Saturday evening at the Cumberland River. They were obeyed immediately.

WM. H. HARRIS.

