
SHELBYVILLE, TENN., June 24, 1863.

FRANCIS M. PAUL,

Editor Rebel, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

Publish an article to this effect: "We are happy to see that re-enforcements continue to arrive for Bragg's army. Our trains to-day are loaded with troops," &amp;c. Don't mention the names of the commanders.

ALEX. McKINSTRY,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

TULLAHOMA, June 25, 1863.

[Major] D. G. REED,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Report facts of the advance of the enemy to General Morgan. Order him to assemble his force, and fall on their rear if they pass him. Notify all commanders of the corps, and have them move en masse in the same direction. Report every half hour, and state hour in your telegram.

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

SHELBYVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1863.

FRANCIS M. PAUL, Esq.,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

DEAR SIR: I telegraphed to you last evening, requesting you to publish an article to the effect that we were receiving re-enforcements, &c. You will have seen by the Northern press the dilemma they have been in concerning Breckinridge, on account of your notice of his return, and you will see by this, too, how much the press can assist us, and how much they look to it for information. They now (he knowing ones) know that he is with Johnston. To save your credit with them, let me ask you to put in something to the effect that General Johnston recalled him, or could not spare him-whatever may suggest itself to you-to account for his being there now. They get all of our papers. Yours being the nearest, and, of course, the latest, appears to be looked upon by them as the best information. I am frequently in the receipt of Northern papers, and will take great pleasure in sending them to you.

Yours, truly,

ALEX. McKINSTRY,

Colonel, &c.

KNOXVILLE, June 25, 1863.

General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Shelbyville, Tenn.:

I have at last made out your dispatch. Your wishes shall be complied with. I can send you two batteries and nearly 3,000 infantry. I will accompany them on your summons. I can move by -- to-morrow.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

