
KNOXVILLE, June 25, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Dublin:

A general movement of troops is going on. I may be obliged to call on you again for the Fifty-first Virginia Regiment. If possible, please order it to remain in the vicinity of Abingdon.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. PRESTON, or

Captain [J. G.] MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Abingdon:

Make such disposition of your command as to cover the railroad as far west as Zollicoffer.

Report in person to these headquarters at once, if your presence where you are can be dispensed with.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

SHELBYVILLE, June 26, 1863-4 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

Movement proposed for to-morrow is abandoned.

Your corps must still be ready, with rations cooked, for prompt movement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

BEECHWOOD, June 26, 1863-8.30 p. m.

Major General ALEXANDER P. STEWART,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The movement for to-morrow against Liberty Gap has been given up. If the enemy shows any disposition to press, withdraw your forces to Wartrace for a march on Tullahoma. Cleburne has been instructed to withdraw the two brigades he has near Liberty Gap to Bellbuckle early to-morrow morning. One brigade will occupy to-night a point in advance of the intersection of the Wartrace and Bellbuckle road with the Fairfield and Shelbyville pike.

I learn that numbers of your men have straggled; a great many are with the wagons, and others on the road between Wartrace and Fairfield. I have been informed that some tents in [H. D.] Clayton's camp are still standing. Have them all struck and packed.

The Forty-fifth Tennessee is at Shiloh Church. If you retrograde, bring it back with you, and consider it under your orders. The rest of Brown's brigade, except the Twenty-sixth Tennessee, is at Tullahoma.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

The general directs me to add that the brigade provost guards are intended to prevent straggling.

Respectfully,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

