
TULLAHOMA, June 27, 1863-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Near General Cheatham:

GENERAL: I inclose you a letter from General Cleburne, and General Bragg firmly and positively orders you to see that your baggage wagons move on, and that those that break down be removed instantly, is may pass. His safety is now endangered by this unjustifiable course of your officers and with it that of the army.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

JUNE 27, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

The road in my front is taken up with trains and troops of other commands. I am making but slow progress at this moment-6.45 p. m. My rear is but 1 1\2 miles south of Schoefner's Bridge. Some of General Polk's officers, Colonel [D. M.] Donnell, for one, stops his command, and, in consequence, everything in rear of him, whenever a wagons which were broken down out of the road and push on. He said his orders, form higher authority, were to leave none of the wagons behind, and he would obey those orders. This policy will risk the safety of this army. I can hear the enemy's artillery and small-arms on my flank and rear.

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE['S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Wartrace, June 27, 1863-4 a. m.

Major-General STEWART,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Put your command in motion at daylight this morning for Tullahoma. Move one brigade, crossing Garrison's Fork at Fairfield, via Bethsalem Church, near these headquarters, Mr. Buchanan's, and crossing Duck River at the new bridge, near Roseville, thence to Normandy, and up Gage's Creek to Tullahoma. The other two brigades will move on the pike form Fairfield to Wartrace, thence via road over new bridge across Garrison's Fork at railroad, 1 mile below Wartrace, to the new bridge over Duck River, near Roseville, thence to Tullahoma.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WHARTON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Wartrace, June 27, 1863-5.15 p. m.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,

Shelbyville:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received, and in reply would say that I dispatched you this morning, giving full statement of the position of my command, also through Lieutenant [Marcellus] Pointer, who called

