
you any more information in regard to reported advance on the Salt-Works? General Jones absent in front. Please keep me advised.

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALT SULPHUR SPRINGS, June 28, 1863.

Colonel G. O. WHARTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: Arrived at Glade Spring. The general commanding directs that you put yourself in communication at once with Generals Williams and Preston, joining either that in your judgment seems best. The general desires to impress upon you that the Salt-Works are our special care. You will, therefore, be careful not to move from its vicinity. You will, of course, be under temporary command of either general above whose force you join.

I remain, colonel, &c.,

WM. B. MYERS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEERS'S DEPARTMENT, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Tullahoma, June 29, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,Assistant Adjutant-General, Polk's Corps:

MAJOR: Your order relative to building rifle-pits, &c., along our line received. I find that, during my absence this morning, Captain [S. W.] Presstman, the chief engineer of General Bragg, ordered nearly all our tools to be taken on General Hardee's line. I have written to Captain Presstman to have them returned as soon as possible, and directly they get here your orders will be carried out.

Captain [W. J.] Morris and myself were engaged this morning in examining our front line of works, and satisfied ourselves that pits should have been built when the works were laid out; also that the timber should have been cut 300 or 500 yards, north and east, more than is now cut. I am afraid it is too late to do this work now, but the pits can be rapidly thrown up.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. SAYERS,

Captain and Chief Engineer Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS, June 29, 1863-4 p. m.

General WHEELER:

It is of the very first importance that we should have positive information of the movement and extension of the enemy on our right. General Bragg urges you to ascertain where their left rests to-night, what kind of force, and so to observe it during the night that it cannot make any movement more to our left that will not be reported from hour to hour, or, better, the moment it occurs.

W. W. MACKALL,Chief of Staff.

