
[JULY 1, 1863.]

Brigadier General J. PEGRAM,

Knoxville:

Cannot send re-enforcements. The Fifty-first Regiment is the only available one, and that is near the Salt-Works, on report of General Preston that the enemy is certainly advancing on that point.

By order:

CHAS. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, July 1, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

I am directed by General Buckner to send nearly all my force immediately to Chattanooga, and to call upon you for re-enforcements. Please send the troops to this place immediately.

JNO. PEGRAM,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 2, [1863]-12.30 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Bragg directs me to send the following dispatch, through General Hardee, to you. To save time I send it direct. You will, I expect, however, receive it from General Hardee also. The order is as follows:

Give the following order from General Bragg to General Wheeler: "Cross your cavalry at once to this side of the river by the Allisona Bridge." So soon as your cavalry are crossed, destroy the bridge yourself, if it is not destroyed by General Cheatham. You will promptly report the destruction of the bridge to General Hardee.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JULY 2, 1863-4.30 a. m.

Major-General CHEATHAM,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Both the divisions of Polk's corps and the division of General Buckner are ordered to move immediately to Cowan. General Anderson is well acquainted with the roads and with the country. Please see him at once, and agree upon the roads which your columns shall respectively pursue. The general thinks you had better go to the extreme right. Buckner will take the nearest roue. Withers, under Anderson's lead, will take such a route as that officer shall indicate. Let your movement be made promptly, and, if possible, get guides. This, the general directs me to say, will have been read by General Withers, who will also consider it an ordered, and will indorse thereon the fact that he has read it while passing to you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsements.]

Read, 4.50 p. m.

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

Read.

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

