
forward to the point on the railroad at which the depot of supplies shall have been established, draw rations, and have them cooked in advance of the arrival of the troops.

THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, July 4, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General WHEELER:

General Polk learns that there is a point 3 miles above the mouth of Battle Creek where his road and General Hardee's come very near together. This is considered a pregnable point with General Hardee. He desires you to have this locality reconnoitered, and to cover General Hardee there until he passes, say 5 p. m. This command is moving over it or not, as you prefer; at all events destroy it.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To be read by Generals Martin and Wharton.)

IN THE FIELD, Mouth of Battle Creek, July 4, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding Corps, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Polk directs me to say you can have the use of the pontoon bridge across the Tennessee River at 4 p. m. The general also directs me to say that he has notified the cavalry commanders in his rear that your road approaches his within a short distance, 2 1\2 or 3 miles above the month of Battle Creek, and that it is your wish to be covered by them at that point until your trains pass, say 5 p. m., as you desired in your note to the commander of the general's rear guard.

Very truly and respectfully,

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, East Side Tennessee River, July 4, 1863-4.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say to you that his staff officers have just returned and inform him that you expect him to guard the bridge. His troops are all over the river; he has no further use for the bridge, and your own troops are as near to it as his; otherwise he would take pleasure in guarding it. The general has instructed General Wheeler, covering his column, that he would have no further use for the brigade after 6 o'clock this evening; also that he has informed General Bragg of that fact, and requested him to give orders respecting it to the engineer officer in charge. These orders are expected by steamer from Brigadeport in the course of an hour. Should you desire to interpose, he suggests your making known your wishes tou

