HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Near Shellmound Depot, July 5, 1863-7.30 a. m.

Major-General WITHERS:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you move, with you entire command, to Whiteside Depot. There encamp, and await further orders.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PONTOON BRIGADE, Battle Creek, July 5, 1863-12.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Shellmound:

GENERAL: I have received you note. I have just seen General Wheeler, who is on his way to Bridgeport, and by this time is within a mile or two of the place. He thinks the brigade should not be destroyed without hearing from the commanding general, and he promised to telegraph him on the subject as soon as h e reached Brigadeport, for orders for me, and to send me the answer immediately. His rear guard left the top of the mountain this morning.

Since I commanded this note, a courier has arrived here from General Mackall, with a verbal message to inquire if the bridge is burned. As General Wheeler's courier will be here within two hours, I suppose I will wait until hear definitely as to the disposition of the bridge before acting, as General Wheeler informed me that he thought there would be time to hear from General Bragg. Meantime I will have everything in readiness.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. PICKETT,

Captain of Engineers, in Charge of Pontoon Bridges.

BRIDGEPORT, July 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

GENERAL: It is ordered by General Bragg that you move your corps to Chattanooga without delay.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

General POLK:

The men are now all engaged in cooking; and, if it is consistent, I would ask to remain here to-night to cook and to take off the ammunition and guns of the artillery.

Very respectfully,

B. F. CHEATHAM,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

P. S.-I could move but a short distance, as Withers is in front.

