
it would be more rapid, simple, and officiant than to defend the district and transact the business through Chattanooga.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. PRESTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 184. Chattanooga, July 12, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. Lieutenant-General Polk will send a brigade of his command to guard the river from Bridgeport to Shellmound. The troops of Brigadier General J. K. Jackson's command, at Bridgeport, will be removed to Chattanooga as soon at the brigade from General Polk's corps takes position at the former place. The chief quartermaster will furnish transportation for both movements.

* * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsements.]

Received July 12, 1863, and issued to Major-General Withers, with orders to send Brigadier-General Anderson's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, July 12, 1863.

Major-General WITHERS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication, just received, the lieutenant-general commanding directs that Robertson's battery, of Deas' brigade be order to report to Brigade-General Anderson, on ordered or accompany his brigade, and Garrity's battery, of Anderson's brigade, be ordered to report to Brigade-General Deas, temporarily. Transportation for the brigade will be furnished by rail, as the order sent you prescribed that the chief quartermaster should furnish transportation. He will prepared to move the brigade at 9 o'clock tomorrow morning.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TYNER'S STATION, EAST TENNESSEE,

July 13, 1863.

Lieutenant General W. J. HARDEE, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: On the retreat from Wartrace to Tullahoma, I addressed you dispatch * complaining of the conduct of officers of Lieutenant General Polk's corps in unnecessarily impeding the retreat.

The dispatch was very hastily written, and under circumstances well calculated to prevent calm consideration. The facts stated in regard to

---------------

* See of June 27, p. 888.

---------------

