
Colonel Donnell were correct. He permitted the road to remain blocked by a broken wagon, and decliner to obey my ordered to remove it and pass on, thus occasioning the delay of every command in his rear. He said that this action of his was in obedience to orders from my superiors.

White the exception of Colonel Donnell, I do not known that any other officer of Lieutenant-General Polk's corps was chargeable with the delay. My object in stating the matter to you was to bring Colonel Donnell's conduct before General Bragg. Confident that Lieutenant-General Polk would afford an immediate remedy, I dispatched Lieutenant McClelland, of my staff, to him, with a statement of the matter, at the same time I wrote to you. Lieutenant McClelland met General Cheatham, and stated the matter to him. General Cheatham instantly remedied the delay, reproved Colonel Donnell, and gave him instructions calculated to prevent any recurrence of it.

As it might seem from my hastily written dispatch that I through it necessary to pass by General Polk, who was close in my front, and apply directly to General Bragg for an immediate remedy, I think it but justice to myself and General Polk to say that I did for a moment entertain such a through. On the contrary, Lieutenant-General Polk affirmed me every assistance, both in shoving my train, which was in his front, forward, and in sending me back suggestions as to the best route and the best mode of protecting it.

I would respectfully ask that this note be forwarded to the commander of the army, and through him to Lieutenant-General Polk.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient, servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 16, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Polk.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 165. Richmond, Va., July 13, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant General D. H. Hill will forthwith repair to Jackson, Miss., and report to General Joseph E. Johnston for duty with the army in Mississippi.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 14, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Bridgeport, Ala.:

Order general Hardee to report for service at once to General Joseph E. Johnston, at Jackson, Miss. he will be subsistuted in your army by Lieutenant General D. H. Hill, ordered to report to you and now on the way.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

