
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 14, 1863.

General D. H. HILL, Charlotte, N. C.:

Report to General Bragg instanced of General Johnston. You will be assigned by him to a command appropriate to your present, rank, by substituting another ordered elsewhere.

Acknowledge by telegram.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ENGINEER'S BUREAU, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 14, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The condition of affairs in the southwest and west makes it probable that the enemy will make raids with a view to reach the city of Atlanta, Ga., to effect, if possible, the destruction of the Government establishment at that place. These, as you know, are on a large scale, and consist of ordnance shops and stores, quartermasters and commissary stores,a nd the best rolling-mills now in use for the manufacture of railroad iron or gunboats plates. Besides these, there are other manufactories over and directed by private interest. For their protection we earnestly recommend that prompt stope be taken to defend the city of Atlanta, and to this end all the end all the companies that can be formed for home defense should be promptly organized under an intelligent and active officer. The citizens there have made attempts recently to from a corps for defense, but it is stated they have been unsuccessful, for want of a head. A leading citizen of the place states that " it is the general desire that Major Wright, of the ordnance service, be ordered from headquarters to take control of the defense of the place," &amp;c.

Major M. H. Wright, ordnance department, is an officer well qualified to perform the duty of the station to which it is "the general desires" of the citizens of Atlanta he should be assigned.

An engineer officer will be instructed to examine at once the approaches to the place, and to take prompt measures, in concert with the officer commanding the forces, to establish proper defenses.

We, in consideration of the great military importance of Atlanta, and its relation to the main lines if railroad connection in the south and southwest, respectfully recommend that authority be given to Major M. H. Wright, ordnance officer, to assume control of the defenses and troops at Atlanta, Ga., which power to organize companies into battalions for local defense, as provided for by act approved August 21, 1861, under the regulations established by General Orders, Numbers 86. Adjutant and inspector General's Office, June 22, 1863.

To give this officer the desires control, we recommend that acting rank, at least as high as lieutenant-colonel, be confederate on him.

Respectfully submitted.

J. F. GILMER,

Colonel and Chief Engineer Burneau.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

(Submitted by Adjutant and Inspector General to the Secretary of War.)

