HDQRS. ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, WITHER'S DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY TENNESSEE,Tylor's Store, one Mile from Bridgeport, July 15, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR; I have to report that my command relieved that of Brigadier-General Jackson, in this vicinity, on the evening of the 13th instant, except two exterior pickets, which were relieved on yesterday, the 14th.

The main body of my command is encamped about half a mile from the railroad bridge-one regiment (Forty-first Mississippi) at Shellmound. I guard the river from the latter point to the mouth of Island Creek, about 5 miles below Bridgeport. Some unimportant changes in the disposition and strength of the guards and pickets were deemed advisable, and were made, may became necessary as my information of the county, &amp;c. may be increased.

I found no maps of sketches of the country in possession of my predecessor, nor could I get any information from him on that score. A personal reconnaissance, made yesterday, has enabled me to make the changes above referred to. I shall continue to inform myself, and act accordingly.

No enemy has appeared in since I arrived. My predecessor reported that on the morning of the 13th, before he was relieved, a body of the enemy's cavalry, 200 or 300, appeared opposite mouth of Battle Creek, but moved on toward Bridgeport and Stevenson.

I will endeavor to make a rough sketch or draught of this vicinage, and forward in a day or two. In the mean time I would be glad to have the accurate sketch by the engineers as soon as possible.

I telegraphed this morning to chief quartermaster for a box-car, to be kept here on switch, loaded with my ordnance. This is important.

Please see that the car is sent; it is both necessary for convenience and safety.

My quartermaster, captain [Thomas B.] Beall, reports that he has been unable to procure forage, except in very small quantities, for the animals of the brigade, since I left Chattanooga. I presume this arises from the fact the division quartermaster regards my brigade as detached, and does not feel bound to forage its animals. The lieutenant-general commanding assured me that his (the corps) quartermaster should see to this matter, &c. I have instructed Captain Beall to call on the corps quartermaster for supplies in this matter. May I ask that the corps quartermaster be instructed in the premises, &c.?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Command.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS,Chattanooga, July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General SANDERSON,

Near Bridgeport:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inclose you the accompanying map,* from which your surroundings will be seen. You will also observe that there is a road across Raccoon Mount-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

