HDQRS. ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, WITHERS DIVISION, POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Taylor's Store, Ala., July 16, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: I learn that the brigade across Sequatchie River, 4 miles above its mouth, has not yet been destroyed. I presume it was the policy to have prevented a crossing there by the enemy's scout, and that the brigade has been left inadvertence. I can have in destroyed if the lieutenant-general so directs. At this time if furnishes the only crossing of Sequatchie River for some distance above its mouth. The road from Sweeden's Cove and others cross there, and by this route Shellmound and other points on the Tennessee between this and Chattanooga are reached.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, July 16, 1863.

Colonel M. H. WRIGHT,

Provisional Army of the Confederate States:

COLONEL: A commission has been forwarded to you to-day, conferring the temporary rank of colonel, with orders to assume command of the defenses of Altana and of the local or other forces at that point.

I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to say that whatever local organizations are contemplated should be raised (under an understanding with the Governor of Georgia) in conference and co-operation with him, and under his guidance and supervision, and you are expected to employ every proper means to cultivate and maintain with His Excellency that most cordial relation, and invite a constant co-operation in the discharge of the duty developed upon you. You will of course, give every possible encouragements to the formation of companies for local service.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 189. Chattanooga, Tenn., July 17, 1863.

* * * * * *

IV. Colonel Roddey will guard the several fords of the Tennessee River as far up as Gunter's Landing, and patriot between the fords. He will throw out scouts north of the river to watch and report movements of the enemy.

* * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

