
TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 19, 1863-10.30 a. m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: Scouts returned last night from my front reported no enemy in Sequatchie Valley as night up as Dunlap, and none reported above there, none this side of Cowan, except a small force at University Place, and a force, supposed to be one brigade on infantry and one regiment of cavalry, at Anderson's Depot, in Crow Creek Valley. The force at University Place is supposed to be only a small picket; that at Anderson an advance guard, protecting parties at work repairing railroad.

I am, major, very respectfully obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tenn, July 19, 1863.

General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to stake that to keep open the line of communication by railroad in the State of Georgia, and protect the public work at Rome and Atlanta, I would recommend that a stockade be built at the several brigades between Chattanooga and Atlanta and between Atlanta and West Point and Columbus. These stockades should be garrisoned forces varying from 20 to 100 men, according to the size and importance of the brigade they are to defend. The more important stockades should have, in addition, a price to aid in their defense. These stockades could be garrisoned by State troops and non conscripts, or men unfit for field service. Timber for temporary trestle brigades should be selected, cut and squared, and left scattered in the woods, convenient to the bridges. The railroad companies might be required to do this work. At Rome and Atlanta rifle-pits should be thrown up, and one or more small redoubts or stockades built on commanding points. A few pieces of artillery should be put in these stockades or redoubts (inferior artillery answer). The moral effect of fortifications and artillery in position would be very beneficial in deterring raids. Troops could organized for local defense at Rime and Atlanta, which could be re-enforced in time of need from State of troops or troops from this army. The stockades referred to on the railroads could likewise be re-enforced in case of emergency. With these defenses and one division of cavalry at Gadsden, Ala., and another at Rome and Calhoum, Ga., to promptly follow up raids from the enemy, Georgia would be quite secure from cavalry of General Rosecrans army.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

JULY 19, 1863.

General S. B. BUCKNER, Abingdon:

Jackson's infantry brigade guard, about 240 men, left on train to-day just behind one Trigg's regiments, and before the other, for Zollicoffer.

