
here, and so reported, that Colonel John S. Williams' marauders, from Montgomery County, have joined Cluke, which would augment his force some 200. Unless this force is pursued rapidly, they will swim the Kentucky River (probably at Boonesborough), and pass out the way they came in.

Do your best, and keep me informed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP EIGHT MILES FROM WINCHESTER, KY.,

February 28 [?], 1863.

General GILLMORE:

I have fallen back to this place, having learned from a reliable source that the rebels were surrounding us at Winchester. Our pickets observed them in small parties going through the fields, 1 mile from Winchester. They are also on the Paris pike with small force. They report having been re-enforced, by General Pegram, with 2,000 men. I will send a scouting party back in the morning to Winchester. I arrested a man named Kidd, who told a plain story. He was on business for you. I passed him through Winchester. I will remain here for further orders.

Apprise Colonel Runkle of these facts, as it is impossible for me to communicate with him by the Paris pike.

Eighteen men of the Tenth Kentucky passed through Winchester, on their way to Boonsborough Ferry, just before the rebels attacked my pickets.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. REANEY,

Major Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

This dispatch was received early on February 29 - say, 2 a. m.

Q. A. GILLMORE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,
 Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 28, 1863.

Numbers 35.

The general commanding feels the highest satisfaction in testifying to the signal ability and untiring zeal of Lieutenant Colonel C. Goddard, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, and believes his services are as highly appreciated by the officers of this army; but it is deemed advisable, for the interest of the service, that there should be a general officer also on duty at these headquarters.

Brigadier General James A. Garfield is assigned to that duty, and, until further orders, will be chief of staff.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

