
by placing under its control more efficient officers than can be had from the best of disabled officers, and consider General Pillow's wishes to be at the head of he bureau.

J. A. C. [CAMPBELL],

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., Jul;y 21, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: No enemy has appeared in view of my pickets in this front as yet. Shouts continue to report a brigade of infantry and a regiment of cavalry just beyond Stevenson, with guards at the various bridges, not destroyed, bayou that point. On Sunday afternoon a locomotive, with two stock cars attached and filled with about a company of troops, cautiously advanced from Stevenson in this direction to the bridge over Widow's Creek, and returned in a few moments. The scout could not say whether or no the troops were left at bridge. Only yesterday I learned that this bridge over Wildow's Creek had not been destroyed. December it of some importance that it should at once be made useless to the enemy, I at once, yesterday afternoon, dispatch a small party to accomplish the work. At this moment (12 m.) I have not heard whether or not the expedition was successful, through a light seen in that direction last night indicates that it was. I do not expect the party to return till to-night.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIVISION,TRENTON, Ga., July 21, 1863.

Lieutenant [W. E.] WAILES,

Aide-de-Camp and A. A. A. G., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

LIEUTENANT: Lieutenant-Colonel [J. S.] Prather, with 230 men of the Eight Confederate Regiment, is on his way to establish the line of pickets on the Tennessee River, between Gunter's Landing and Decatur. he is fully instructed touching the destruction of large boats, giving information promptly to right and left, and to General Wheeler and myself of any movement of the enemy scouting in front across the river, patrolling the river between ferries and fords, and picketing at those ferries and crossing places. He was instructed, if it could be done, to impress citizens' wagons beyond the river, and corn to the bank to supply his wants. I omitted, however, to enjoin upon him the importance of arresting all deserters and stragglers. I will early to-morrow dispatch a courier with orders on this subject.

I leave early in the morning, and will reach the vicinity of Gadsden Saturday. I may halt a day or two near Turkeytown, if forage is to be had, and think, from inquiry, that my best location will be at or near Alexandria, about equally distant from Gadsden and Jacksonville. Colonel [John T.] Morgan thinks we can get 1,000 recruits. I hope so.

It is through we can mount the whole command.

Very respectfully,

WILL. T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

