
I have ample means, and only desire to be allowed to use them or send them to some one more capable of doing so.

For two months my health has been anything but good. Long continued and excessive labor of mind and body have produced its natural result on a frame not robust at best. Were it possible, I should seek some repose, but at present I see no hope. Should affairs allow it. I propose spending a part of my time at Ringgold, Ga., 20 miles off, on the Atlanta Railroad, where there is mineral water highly recommended for me.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 194. Chattanooga, tenn., July 22, 1863.

I. Major-General Withers is assigned to the duty of organizing, instructing, and stationing the forces recently called out by the President in the State of Alabama. He is charge with the proportion of the railroad from West Point to Demopolis. He will take with him his present adjutant-general, and make Montgomery his headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, July 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General MANEY,

Commanding Cheatham's Division:

GENERAL: The bridges to be guarded on the railroad this point and Shelmount are reported by General Anderson to be as follows: The first bridge south of Shellmound is known as Running Water Bridge, and is 1 mile from Whiteside Station; the second is known as Lookout Creek Brigade, and the third as Chattanooga Creek Bridge. The guards at these three bridges are from Brigadier-General Jackson's brigade. The lieutenant-general directs me to furnish you, as information, the number of men at present guarding the above-mentioned bridges. At the first, 52 men; at the second, 13; and at the third, 11.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

[THOMAS M. JACK,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 194. Chattanooga, Tenn., July 22, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. General Wheeler is assigned to the command of all command of all the cavalry west of the Altana and Chattanooga Railroad, so as to include the command of Colonel Roddey. He will proceed at once to establish his headquarters at Gadsden, Ala., and take measurers to intercept and destroy

