
all raids. He will watch all crossings of Tennessee River, and give early information of movements of the enemy.

* * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, July 23, 1863.

S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General.

Follow the line of railroad, via Atlanta, from this point to the northern boundary of Alabama, thence north to Tennessee River, and down that stream to its mouth.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 23, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: On the 21st instant a staff officer of Brigadier-General Jackson came down the road for the purpose of relieving the guards from his command above Shellmound and that had not been relieved by me. My instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding required me to guard the river " from Shellmound to Bridgeport." On arrival here, I proceeded to relieve General Jackson's pickets at the points embraced in my district. When the staff officer withdrew the guards above Shellmound on the 22nd, I deemed it necessary to have the bridges guarded at least as high up the roads as lookout Creek, and therefore sent guards to all the brigades that high up, leaving only the brigade over Chattanooga Creek unguarded. I reported to you the situation, and requested that these brigades, at least from Falling Water to Lookout, inclusive, should guarded by details from some command at or near Chattanooga. You will observer that the guard at Lookout Bridge is about 20 miles from the regiment from which it is taken, at Shellmound.

Please let me know the pleasure of the lieutenant-general commanding in regard to this matter.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 23, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: Scouts continue to report no enemy this side the mountain. McCook it at Winchester, holding Cowan and the advanced position of Anderson Depot and brigades over Crow Creek, with pickets at University Place.

I have not yet learned that the enemy are repairing the Memphis and Charleston road from Stevenson to Huntsville, but will endeavor to be informed on this point soon. The Nashville and Chattanooga road has been repaired to Stevenson. Indeed, I cannot learn that any of the bridges this side of Elk River have ever ben destroyed.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

