HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, ORDNANCE OFFICE,Chattanooga, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor, herewith inclosed, to transmit to you an extract from the letter of Colonel Gorgas, of 18th instant:

The circular of June 22, limiting the issue of ammunition to 3 [?] rounds per man per month, is rendered absolutely by the scarcity of lead, and if the cannot keep up the supply to 140 rounds per man, I hope you will understand that it is from causes beyond by control.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

In pursuance of the above, I most respectfully request that order be given to husband ammunition with greatest care.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. OLADOWSKI.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 23, 1863.

Colonel JOHN S. SCOTT, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The late raid has detained Colonel [Gregore B.] Hodge, who will probably leave in about one week from now, his horses needing some rest for the present. His line of march will be by Irving and Richmond.

The enemy's force on Pound Gap and Mount Sterling road is mostly at mouth of Beaver Creek, numbering some 1,500 or 2,000. The major-general commanding, while relying entirely on our own judgment in conducting movements, and being of the opinion that you will be guided by the facts that developed themselves during your absence would call your attention to the following facts:

1st. The object of the expedition is to destroy the communications and supplies of the enemy, as far as possible, and to gather as many cattle, horses, and mules as can conveniently be sent to this department.

2nd. You will establish a commission for the appraisement of horses, which may be needed to replace such horses as may give out in your command. The price to be pair for such horses must not except the price paid under similar circumstances by the United States troops. The currency used will be Confederate notes, and should the quartermaster exhaust the funds in his hands, you will pay giving scrip and certificates of purchase; the value of disabled horses left with parties of whom serviceable horses have been taken will be deducted from the price assessed by your commissioners.

3rd. If, in penetrating the country, you should approach Bryantsville of Hickman Brigade, and find the enemy's supplies sufficiently ill guarded, it will be well to destroy them.

4th. It will be well to send cattle and stock collected every two days' under escort to the rear.

General Morgan seems to be trying to cross the Ohio River near Maysville or Big Sandy. You can hardly rely upon co-operation on his part. With my best wishes for the entire success of your expedition, I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

[V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.]

P. S.-Three hundred horses of the First Tennessee (Colonel Carter's Regiment are ordered to London.

