HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, &amp;C.,taylor's Store, Ala., July 24, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee;

MAJOR: I have nothing to report from this vicinity moire than that a force of 400 or 500 of the enemy's cavalry came down near Bridgeport yesterday, scouting, &c.; were seen opposite mouth Island Creek in the morning, and near Battle Creek late in the afternoon. They did not show themselves on the bank of the river. Citizens on that side of the river say they arrested and took off with them one or two citizens, who were found thrashing wheat in their fields.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JULY 24, 1863.-For Harris to Seddon, in reference to requisition for local defense troops, see Series IV.]
HEADQUARTERS CORPS,July 24, 1863.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CORPS,,

No 31. July 24, 1863.

With unfeigned diffidence, the undersigned succeeds the able and distinguished soldier who so long commanded this gallantly corps, honoring it by his name and his leadership, and being, in turn, honored by its noble bearing and glorious achievements.

The example set me makes plain my patch of duty, and the corps has but to continue the same consistent line of good conduct and propriety which has always characterized it.

Believing, as I do, that rowdyism and insubordination are fruitful sources of trouble in camp, and bad behavior in table, I will insist upon strict discipline. All will be excepted and required to render a prompt and literal compliance with the requirements of law and authority.

Soldiers, a brutal and ruthless enemy, flushed with success, is pressing everywhere upon our wasted territory, seeking to carry fire and sword to our once homes, instead of rising with renewed energy to drive off the insolent invades, thousand and tens of thousands of able-bodies young men have skulked from the field under the provision of the exemption bill. Regardless of the interest, the safety and the honor of the country, those miserable creatures are only hour of trial to your shattered ranks, and appeals to your manhood for that grand exhibition of courage, fidelity, and patience which won for our forefathers the priceless boon of liberty.

You will have many and sore trials, but, with unwavering trust in a God of truth and institute and with an unconquerable determination to be free, you will be able to transmit the same inestimable blessing to your descendants.

D. H. HILL,

Lieutenant-General.

