
satisfactorily will be completed, will no lager require garrisons strong bayou proportion. The following general disposition is intended to be made of the several brigades:

1st. Frazer' s brigade will guard the mountain passes from Cumberland Gap to Winter Gap.

2nd. Trigg's brigade will be concentrated at Bell's Bridge, 9 miles from here, at the intersection of the Clinton road and Kentucky Railroad.

3rd. Graicie's brigade will be concentrated at Blain's Cross-Roads

4th. Jackson's brigade will guard the railroad east Knoxville.

5th. Preston's brigade will remain in its present district.

6th. The three cavalry brigades will be employed according to circumstances.

7th. Artillery will be stationed with the brigades, except Leyden's battery of reserve artillery, for which a desirable and center location will be selected.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[S. B. BUCKNER,]

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, July 25, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

General Cooper submits to me your letter of the 22nd instant. The ration of Major [G. W.] Lee as commandant of the post at Atlanta is not considered nor intended as any interference with your appropriate command in your department. You say you have ample means to protect and defend that important point. You are excepted and instructed so to do; nor is the displacements of Major Lee deem necessary to such end.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 25, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have nothing to report from this front to-day, save that Captain daniel Clayton, Third Confederate Cavalry, commanding picket at Larkin's Landing, on the Tennessee River, report the whole force of the enemy which was at Huntsville to have left, ' going in the direction of Tallahoma." Heretofore report to you by telegraph.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS, July 25, 1863.

Major-General STEWART, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am desired to say that the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding will be announced as soon as it is definitely settled.

