
all of Buckner's force, this would bring up this army to between 70,000 and 80,000 strong. With such a force thus concentrated, we could move upon Rosecrans with a success which would be satisfactory. We could, in my opinion, crouch him, and could move over the field in Tennessee, and repossess it; then seize Columbus and Island Numbers 5, and cut Grant's communications. By repossessing Memphis, we could place ourselves in communication with the troops of the trans-Mississippi, and be prepared to move down upon Grant from above. This would obliterate the prestige of his Vicksburg conquest, and with Rosecrans out of the way, and this army and the troops of the trans Mississippi united upon his line of communications, would place him at our mercy. In the mean time, if we were successful, as I think we should be, against Rosecrans, we might procure arms for Pemberton's command, to be thrown forward as rapidly as armed. Supposing the concentration made and the forward movement ordered, I can see no obstacle to suers against Rosecrans. The only objection that presents itself is the leaving Alabama, via Mobile, open to the e enemy. This must be risked in the hands of a small force with the State troops, and, if overrun, that calamity could not be compared in importance with the successes indicated elsewhere.

These views find favor in the most intelligent circles here, and they are respectfully submitted for your consideration.

I remain, very truly friend,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-I have within the last few days addressed a letter to Adjutant-General Cooper on the subject of a plan for securing promptly the means of increasing and strengthening our armies, to which I beg leave to ask your attention.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT Numbers 2,

Numbers 22. Chattanooga, Tenn., July 26, 1863.

The following changes are made on the staff of the general commanding the Army of the Tennessee and Department Numbers 2: Colonel, J. B. Sale having been appointed a member of the military court, Hill's corps, is relieved from duty as judge-advocate; Lieutenant-Colonel Walter resumes his position as judge-advocate; Lieutenant-Colonel Brent is appointed adjutant-general, and Surg. T. G. Richardson is appointed medical inspector.

By command of General Bragg:

H. W. WALTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 27, 1863-1 p. m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: A small party of the enemy's cavalry made a dash this morning about 10 o'clock at the steamer Paint Rock, while loading at Bridgeport, but was quickly repulsed by the company of sharpshooters under Captain [W. W.] Tucker, who had been deployed to protect her. For some not yet explained, she was delayed in her arrival here, not

