
ask the Commissary-General for 500,000 pounds; both telegrams dated from the same place; the first dated 28th instant, and the second the 30th instant.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

ATLANTA, GA., July 28, 1863.

General W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga Tenn.:

GENERAL: In answer to your dispatch of yesterday, which I replied to by general, I beg to inform the general commanding that my authority from the war department gives me entire control over the troops, local and others, belonging to this post, and places Major [G. W.] Lee under my control, but, in consideration of my duties with the arsenal, &amp;c., which are very onerous, it is not intended to assume the discharge of the details of post duty; but, exercising a supervision over the whole, and locating, in connection with the engineer officers, the works, and organizing the local troops, I retain Major Lee as commandant of the post, causing him to report to me, &c.; but my orders are full as regards my position. It will take me some time to clean up matters here and get little regulated, which I am now trying to go. I desire to say that General Walthall has a thorough and entirely satisfactory understanding, and you may be sure I will give no trouble in the way of petty annoyances and squabbles about authority, position, &c. The desire of the Department was no doubt to have a head, and not such a variety of heads, at this post. Considering my other labors, I wish that they had put some one else here; but as it is I shall do the best I can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Troops, &c.

TAYLOR'S STORE, NEAR BRIDGEPORT, ALA.,

July 29, 1863-12 m.

Major THOMAS M. JACK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Polk's Corps, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: A regiment of Yankee cavalry, with one piece of artillery appeared at Bridgeport early this morning, exchanging a few shots with our pickets, and firing four shots from the artillery at the bridge, all without damage. At about 10 o'clock they retired beyond the hill, out of view. The officer commanding our pickets on the island thinks they are still near at hand, but it is probable they have returned to Stevenson. A scout, returned from Stevenson yesterday evening, which place he left of Monday, reports one regiment of cavalry and a brigade of infantry, with four pieces of artillery, at that place. No other force this side of Cowan on the railroad, except guards at the various brigades. Major-General Sheridan in command at Cowan. my scouts in Sequatchie Valley, 20 miles above the month of Sequatchie River, had no information of our cavalry in that region up to 12 yesterday.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

N. B. -Trains run daily to Stevenson now.

