
reflection I see nothing having the aspect of the feasible about it but the campaign indicated, and this, I believe, would be a brilliant success.

We are getting along as usual. The general has gone for some days to Cherokee Springs. We are throwing up earthworks, refitting, &amp;c.

Your successor has taken command, and promises apparently to work harmoniously. Hindman, who is to follow Withers, he having been sent to organize new troops in Alabama, has not arrived. No threatening of the enemy in front as yet.

Should like to hear from you, and remain, very truly, yours,

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

TAYLOR'S STORE, ALA., July 30, 1863.

[Major THOMAS M JACK:]

MAJOR: Not having received official information of any change in division commanders, I have continued, since the departure of Major-General Withers, to forward all my routine papers and communications through division headquarters. I am to-day in receipt of official papers which have been thus forwarded and acted upon at corps and army headquarters, with the intermediate of Brigadier-General Deas, as commanding the division. As these transaction are all matters of official record, calculated to place me in the light of a senior commanded by his junior, I desire respectfully to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to this technical anomaly, feeling assured that he will remedy the difficulty and relieve me of the embarrassment.

I hope it is not necessary for me, in this connection, to declaim the manifestation of a spirit of captiousness about trifles-a spirit which I hope never to entertain. I only to appear right upon the record, feeling confident that none of the parties entertain a different disposition.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., July 30, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding requests you will co-operate with Colonel Boddey.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., July 30, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER, Commanding Corps;

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that Breckinridge's regiment of cavalry and [R. D.] Allison's squadron are encamped at Charokee springs, and are doing some harm and no good.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

