HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, July 30, 1863.

Brigadier General W. PRESTON, Abingdon, va.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you of his intention to march next Sunday morning (August 2) on the enemy now stationed on Louisiana and Beaver Creeks. You will please hold 600 infantry at your command, your two batteries, and 1,000 cavalry in readiness to march at any moment. The main force of the expedition will be furnished from other brigades, to whom you will furnish the necessary transportation for 80,000 rations, 400,000 rounds of ammunition for small-arms, and 3,000 rounds for artillery.

You will please inform these headquarters of the latest and most reliable information received relative to the position of the enemy at the above-mentioned points.

At Saltville are two Napoleon guns, fully equipped. The major-general commanding proposes to borrow them, for the time of the expedition, of Major General Sam. Jones, and furnish him in their place with four 6-pounder guns. you will please make the necessary arrangements with General Jones to that effect.

I have the honor to be, guard, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,knoxville, July 31, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Adjt. and Insp. General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Permit me to suggest, if such a disposition of them be proper, that a portion of the paroled Confederate prisoners who cannot be employed in the field before exchange be so located as to overawe and put down the bushwhackers in the East Tennessee and North carolina mountains. Third depredations and the number escaping since the last call of he President have greatly increased. If so employed, I suggest that other East Tennessee and North troops be located here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, July 31, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL, Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Shall start as soon as transportation is ready, probably Monday next.

Can you spare the two Napoleon guns?

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, July 31, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs you to station a part of your brigade, some 400 or 500 men, at the most eligible point near Jeffersonville and Abb's Valley, to guard the passes through the

