
5th. Please find inclosed directions for using the signal corps cipher. I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, August 1, 1863.

General BRAGG, Chattanooga, Tenn.:

If we can spare most of Johnston's army, temporarily, to re-enforce you, can you attack the enemy?*

S. C. [COOPER.]

CHATTANOOGA, August 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

With the most of his force, if I correctly estimate them, I should look for success if a fight can be had on equal terms. The difficulties in reaching the enemy's position and the time necessary must be considered. I have invited a confederate with General Johnston, and will write in full. My present inclination is for a flank movement

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Knoxville, August 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General FRAZER,

Commanding Brigadier:

GENERAL: By command of Major General S. B. Buckner, the following changes in the location of your brigade are herewith ordered:

1st Your headquarters will be at Cumberland Gap.

2nd. The Fifty-eight North Carolina Regiment will at once march to Big. Gap and relieve the infantry garrison there.

3rd. The Sixty-fifty Georgia Regiment, Now at Knoxville, will march to Jacksborough as soon as relieved by the Sixth Florida.

4th. The six companies of the Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment, now stationed at Bell's Brigade, and the three companies of the same regiment stationed at Big Gap, as soon as relieved by the Fifty-eighth North Carolina Regiment, and the one company of the same regiment stationed at Strawberry Plains, will march at once to Cumberland Gap.

5th. The Sixty-fourth North Carolina Regiment, including the one company at Strawberry Plains, will march from Bell's Brigade to Cumberland Gap.

6th. The four detached companies of your brigade now stationed at Strawberry Plains, Zollicoffer, and Cleveland, will received direct orders from these headquarters to march several points to be occupied by their respective regiment.

7th. All other orders relative to the march of your command will be given.

8th. Kolb's battery will reports, at this point, to Major Porter, Chief of artillery, the necessary order to be given by yourself to the officer in command of the battery.

---------------

* See Bragg to Cooper, August 2, following, and August 5, p. 952.

---------------

