
9th. The moves ordered above will be executed without delay.

10th. You will take the necessary steps for the speedy establishment of efficient pickets, and will order, yourself, detachments to such point as may be necessary to guard.

RECAPITULATION.

1. Your headquarters at Cumberland Gap.

2. Fifty-fifth Georgia Regiment at Cumberland Gap.

3. Sixty-found North Carolina Regiment at Cumberland Gap.

4. Fifty-eight North Carolina Regiment at Big Creek Gap.

5. Sixty-fifth Georgia Regiment at Jacksborough.

You will also please report the different lines of march which you may prescribe for your troops.

By command of Major-General Buckner:

J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,August 3, 1863.

Brigadier General ARCH. GRACIE, Jr.,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs the speedy concentration of your brigade at Strawberry Plains. You will please give the necessary directions for the executive of this order, and instruct the three battalions of the Alabama Legion now stationed at Cumberland Gap and Big Gap to join you as soon as relieved by Brigadier-General Frazer's command. The Forty-third Alabama will remain at Knoxville until relieved by the Sixty Florida Regiment (Colonel [J. J.] Finley).

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Report to these headquarters the line of march ordered for your different regiments and battalions. The North Carolina regiment at Cumberland Gap will not be ordered to move until further instructions are received.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,

Numbers 39. August 3, 1863.

I. The following officers of the general staff are attached to these headquarters: Lieutenant Colonel Arches Anderson, assistant Adjutant-general; Major J. W. Ratchford, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. L. Cross, assistant adjutant-general; Major C. A. Avery, assistant inspector-general; Major W. C. Duxbury, chief of ordnance; Major I. Scherck, chief commissary; Captain T. Coloman, chief engineer; Captain E. H. Ewing, acting chief quartermaster; Captain Bradford, paymaster; Asst. Surg. J. F. Young, medical purveyor, and First Lieutenant George C. Bain, signal officer.

