HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., August 24, 1863.

General Buckner can make such transfers as he thinks proper, under present circumstances.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

BELL'S BRIDGE, TENN., August 1, 1863.

Captain J. N. GALLEHER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of East Tenn., Knoxville, Tenn.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclosure a letter from a woman living in Madison County, North Carolina, to a soldier in the Sixty-fourth North Carolina Volunteers. This is only a specimen of similar epistles received by men of the North Carolina regiments. These troops are deserting quite fast, and it appears difficult to catch them on the road, as the people harbor and feed along the whole route. The last party I sent in pursuit were told that they had better desert. There are now in Madison County, North Carolina, 106 men of the Sixty-fourth Regiment, who are absent without leave. Many of them are living openly at home, and have made crops this season. Would it not be well to send up a party to bring back these men? I would respectfully submit that these North Carolina troops are too near home.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. FRAZER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Sub-Inclosure.]

MARSHALL, MADISON COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA,

July 20 [?], 1863.

H. W. REVIS:

DEAR HUSBAND: I seat myself to drop you a few lines to let you know that me and Sally is well as common, and I hope these few lines will come to hand and find you will and doing well. I have no news to write to you at this, only I am done laying by my corn. I worked it all four times. My wheat is good; my oats is good. I haven't got my wheat stacked yet. My oats I have got a part of them cut, and Tom Hunter and John Roberts is cutting to-day. They will gilt them cut to-day.

I got the first letter yesterday that I have received from you since you left. I got five from you yesterday; they all come together. This is the first one I have wrote, for I didn't know where to write to you. You said you hadn't anything to eat. I wish you was here to get some beans for dinner. I have plenty to east as yet. I haven't saw any of your pap's folks since you left home. the people is generally well here at. The people is all turning to Union here since the Yankees has got Vicksburg. I want you to come home as soon as you can after you gilt this letter. Jane Elkins is living with me yet. That is all I can think of, only I want you to come home the worst that I ever did. The conscripts is all at home yet, and I don't know what they will do with them. The folks is leaving here, and going North as fast as they can, so I will close.

Your wife, till death,

MARTHA REVIS.

