
battle for a short time to starve us out. Whenever he shall present himself on this side of the mountains the problem will be changed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Indorsements.]

AUGUST 10, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President for his consideration.

J. A. S. [SEDDON,]

Secretary.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

However desirable a movement may be, it is never safe to do more than suggest it to a commanding general, and it would be unwise to order its execution by one who foretold failure.

J. D. [DAVIS.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, Tenn., August 6, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Gadsden, Ala.:

GENERAL: The general commanding has instructed me to inform you that Brigadier General Henry C. Wayne has assumed command of the State troops of Georgia stationed along the line of the State road. He has established permanent guards at the several bridges under his charge between Atlanta and this place. His headquarters are at Cartersville, and you will please communicate to him the earliest information you may have of the movements of the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, August 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

SIR: Your early attention is called to the limits of this department, as defined in Paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 176, current series. There being two West Points (one in Alabama on the Chattahoochee River, and another in Mississippi, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad), the description is not definite. I presume the one in Alabama is meant, and should act on that assumption but for the great embarrassment it causes me. By the best map I have, this point (Chattanooga) is west of the line from "West Point, Ala., north to the Tennessee River," and, therefore, not in my limits. Bridgeport, Ala., the railroad crossing of the Tennessee, where i have an important station and force, is certainly beyond my limits, and nearly all my cavalry, under Major-General Wheeler, is stationed west of that line, guarding my flank and the important railroads and depots in our rear. You will readily see my embarrassment as the order now stands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

