
NASHVILLE, March 1, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Fleet arrived this morning - twenty-six transports and four gunboats. The gunboats were supposed up the river; only went up 60 miles and returned same night, and passed down without landing or reporting. Two gunboats go up this morning as far as Carthage.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

GALLATIN, March 1, 1863.

Colonel GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff:

SIR: I gave no orders to Colonel Wolford to go to Kentucky. I directed him to proceed to Carthage, destroy all the boats on the river, and, if there were others along the river, to extend his parties so as to make a complete destruction of boats. He said that two of his men had come in and reported a Georgia regiment at Burkesville, and he could capture them and return in ten days, for which time he drew rations. I told him, if he found that to be true, to do so, but he has been gone three weeks, and General Ward has sent for him twice. I shall send for him to-morrow. I sent him to Carthage on telegraphic permission from General Rosecrans.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General GILLMORE,

Lexington, Ky.:

I don't see why Runkle has gone to Winchester, instead of direct to Mount Sterling, where the enemy is. The consequence will be that Cluke, with his horses rested, will run away from Runkle, with his tired animals. Cluke can't get a hundred men about Mount Sterling, nor can there by any truth in rumor of Marshall's advance. Runkle must follow up the enemy vigorously, and attack him if he can overtake him.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FRANKFORT, March 1, 1863.

Major General HORATIO G. WRIGHT:

DEAR SIR: The present and prospective condition of Kentucky greatly troubles and annoys me. I, by way of some relief, thought I would call your attention to it, not doubting that already you have been awakened to her perils. I have information from various sources, rebel and Union, all concurring that a heavy invasion of Kentucky has been determined on, and is being now rapidly prepared. I cannot doubt that in a very short time they will be upon us. We certainly have no adequate force here to meet them. I know of none elsewhere which we can command without an abandonment of other places and purposes which seem to have been thought more important than the safety of Kentucky.

