
If Kentucky is permitted at this time to fall into the hands of the rebels, even so far as she was under Smith and Bragg, the consequences will be very different from those which then resulted. The wilting and withering effect of the proclamation upon the Union sentiment of Kentucky has been such that now they would receive, I fear, an aid and countenance far beyond any then given.

When I had written thus far, Dr. Gano, from Georgetown, my brother-in-law, arrived, and informs me that four Confederate officers in disguise, who came in with Cluke, were all night at the house of secesh in Scott, who informed him that Marshall and Pegram were to invade the State from Virginia, with 7,000 mounted men, and simultaneously Morgan and Forrest would invade it form Tennessee with a like number; that the time agreed for the invasion was the 20th of this month; that the business of those disguised officers was to arrange with the rebels in Scott, Owen, Grant, and Harrison [Counties] to burn the bridges and tear up the railroad from Cincinnati to Lexington when they approached, and that like arrangements had been made for the Louisville and Nashville road. The doctor has full confidence in the truth of the statement. He says the man who informed him, although Southern rights, is a man of property, and reliable, and does not want them to come into Kentucky or be permitted to do so. He gave the information in confidence as to the informant, but with liberty to inform me, to use as I thought best. The men were known to Ganos informant, and he has no doubt of the truth of their statement. It has been verified by many other statements and facts, all concurring.

Now, general, something must be done immediately; you best know what. I fear nothing can be spared from General Rosecrans' army. You want at least 10,000 men, in addition to all you have; half of those should be mounted. Can they be sent from Washington, or from General Grant's army? If from anywhere, it must be done at once. Any troops which I could now raise would be worthless, for want of discipline. Horses could be pressed here to mount a pretty large number. If there are any troops in Ohio, Illinois, or Indiana, they should be ordered here at once. You may rely upon it that you will, unless great effort is made, be overrun with rebels. Please write me the prospects and what you think of the whole matter. Advise me of anything you may desire done by myself.

I would be very glad to see you in person, if it were convenient. Would it not be well to advise General Halleck of our danger and need of aid? Rest assured that if the rebels are permitted now to get a hold in Kentucky, they will be hard to dislodge. I fear the State more than I have ever done.

Very truly and respectfully,

JAS. F. ROBINSON,

[Governor of Kentucky.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Henderson, Ky., March 1, 1863.

Brigadier General J. T. BOYLE, Commanding Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I returned from Green River last night. When I arrived at Rochester, I learned that General Manson had replaced the company of my command at Woodbury by a company from his command, and that whatever stray guerrillas were in that region had fled from the river, closely pursued by General Manson's cavalry. The affair of the Gilmore was within 20 miles of Bowling Green, and too far off to be

7 R R - VOL XXIII, PT II

