
some 50 men to Elk Run, via Somerville; others to Ellis' Ford, reporting the water high there, and then back, via Morrisville; others were sent to Bristersburg and back the same road; other to Rockhill Church, toward Stafford's Store.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT.,8TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 8. Baltimore, Md., January 23, 1863.

I. Major William S. Fish, commanding First Battalion Connecticut Cavalry, having this day reported with his command for duty, is appointed provost-marshal of the Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps; and it is ordered that he be obeyed and respected accordingly. He is subject to the orders of the commander of the department; will receive instructions from him, and will report daily at these headquarters.

II. So much of General Orders, No. 30, of September 1, 1862, as appoints a civil provost-marshal for the Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, and assigns duties to such an officer, is hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Schenck:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 24, 1863-12 m.

(Rec'd Washington, Jan.24-12 m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE, War Department:

No report this morning. General Sigel reported last night all quiet in his front. General Sykes has telegraphed in reference to his command. General Buchanan has been summoned to appear before the McDowell court, if he can be spared. The signal officer reports locomotives heard the city between 3 and 4 o'clock this a.m. Fog now obscures the other side of the river. All quiet, reported by signal office at Tyler's batteries.

JNumbers G. PARKE,Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY PICKETS, Seddon's Farm, Va., January 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows:

I find many changes in the enemy's fortifications; there are many more earthworks. In front of a row of small buildings on the summit of a hill, about a mile from the river, are several redoubts, with three embrasures each for guns. From what I can see with my glass, I imagine them to be made for very heavy guns. This in nearly opposite the Seddon house. A little to the right of these works, and nearer the river, on the slope of the same range of hills, is a range of square earthworks; they seem to be at the corners of an intrenched artillery camp. The stables are in plain view, but no guns are visible. Earthworks are thrown up around some buildings and barns, in an open field to the right of the Seddon house. The number of camps of the enemy is greatly increased, and there seems to be a much larger force massed opposite

