
here than ever before. There are bodies of infantry moving up and down the river bank continualy, and a picket opposite the mouth of the ravine where our corduroy road is built, consisting of about 50 cavalry. Small squads of cavalry. Small squads of cavalry are moving up and down the bank at intervals. I imagine them to be general officers.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. BEAUMONT,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, January 24, 1863.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am encamped on the Warrenton road, about a mile from Burnt Church. The pontoon train is about half a mile off, on a road leading from this point to the river. Lieutenant Cross' train is at the church and this side, all with General Schurz' division. It will require much labor to get the train to the point indicated in your note of last night. My men have worked well all day. I cannot express admiration for the efficiency of the engineer department in moving trains. I have not left authorized to assume command of General Woodbury, and make arrangements to move the train as it should be. He does not feel inclined to pay any attention to any of my suggestions. The trains are out of danger of any cavalry or other raids. Is it necessary for my command to wait longer with this train? Lieutenant Fross appears to be entirely without teams.

Very respectfully,W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 39. Washington, January 24, 1863.

* * * * * *

XI. Brigadier General Andrew Porter, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as provost-marshal-general of Pennsylvania, and will, as soon as his health permits, report in person, without delay, to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,No. 40. Washington, January 24, 1863.

I. Brigadier General W. L. Elliott and B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, will report for duty, without delay, to Major-General Schenck, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

