
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,

No. 5. January 24, 1863.

To guard against abuses and impositions which have been heretofore practiced, it is ordered that the provost-marshal of Washington instruct the guards at the several crossings of the Potomac to recognize passes issued under-

1st. Instructions of the military governors of the cities of Washington and Alexandria.

2d. Issued by commanders of corps, divisions, and brigades, to the troops and employes of their commands.

3d. The provost-marshal south of the Potomac, exclusively to citizens.

4th. The Surgeon-General and medical director.

5th. Commander of convalescent camp.

6th. Quartermaster and Commissary General.

7th. Colonel D. H. Rucker, depot quartermaster, Washington; Captain C. B. Ferguson, depot quartermaster, Alexandria; Colonel A. Beckwith, depot commissary, Washington; Lieutenant-Colonel Bell, depot commissary, Alexandria; Lieutenant Colonel E. M. Greene, chief quartermaster, Defenses of Washington; Lieutenant Colonel Samuel McKelvy, chief commissary, Defenses of Washington; on the business of their respective departments.

Every such pass must state distinctly the purpose for which it is given.

8th. None other will be recognized, unless issued from these headquarters of by superior authority.

No persons, excepting general officers, will be passed over any of the crossings between the hours of 9 p.m. and daylight without the countersign and a pass.

Particular attention is called to the following:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,

No. 8. November 19, 1862.

Hereafter the Long Brigade over the Potomac will only be used for Government purposes. Neither private vehicles not citizens on horseback will be allowed to cross the Long Bridge, but must go by the way of the Aqueduct Bridge.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

This bridge is unsafe for private carriages, and in no case will it be used without special authority.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 25, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

MY DEAR SIR: Please meet General Burnside here at 10 o'clock this morning.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

No. 20. Washington, D. C., January 25, 1863.

I. The President of the United States has directed:

1st. That Major General A. E. Burnside, at his own request, be relieved from the command of the Army of the Potomac.

