
2d. That Major General E. V. Sumner, at his own request, be relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac.

3d. That Major General W. B. Franklin be relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac.

4th That Major General J. Hooker be assigned to the command of the Army of the Potomac.

II. The officers relieved as above will report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 9. Camp near Falmouth, Va., January 26, 1863.

By direction of the President of the United States, the commanding general this day transfers the command of this army to Major General Joseph Hooker.

The short time that he has directed your movements has not been fruitful of victory, or any considerable advancement of our lines, but it has again demonstrated an amount of courage, patience, and endurance that under more favorable circumstances would have accomplished great results. Continue to exercise these virtues; be true in your devotion to your country and the principles you have sworn to maintain; give to the brave and skillful general who has so long been identified with your organization, and who is now to command you, your full and cordial support and co-operation, and you will deserve success.

In taking an affectionate leave of the entire army, from which he separates with so much regret, he may be pardoned it he bids and especial farewell to his long-tried associates of the Ninth Corps.

His prayers are that God my be with you, and grant you continual success until the rebellion is crushed.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Baltimore, January 26, 1863.

Major General R. C. SCHENCK,

Commanding Eight Army Corps;

SIR: An outrage has been perpetrated in Queen Anne County upon the loyal sentiment of the State that requires prompt action on my part, and will require the service of 50 cavalry to start as early in the day to-morrow as possible.

A sloop, captured by Provost-Marshal Goldsborough on the night of the 17th instant, was boarded at Centreville on Saturday morning last, about 3 o'clock, and the lives of the guard, consisting of 4 men and 1 boy, who were on board, endangered. They approached the sloop quickly, put down the slide, fastening the men and boy in the cabin, and then set the slop on fire; after which they demanded the surrender of their arms, by placing double-barreled guns through the windows of the cabin. The men, after giving up their arms, were still continued in their confinement. The three following-named persons were recognized as being among the party committing the outrage: John Tilghman of

