
John, William Evergam and Ferdinand Nelson, whom I desire to arrest as soon as possible. The party were supported by about 30 men on shore. I have understood large quantities of goods are now on Kent Island, intended to be carried down South.

Respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

J. L. McPHAIL,

Provost-Marshal-General, State of Maryland.

NEW YORK, February 14, 1863-11 a.m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

General Humphreys is the general that behaved so gallantly at Fredericksburg, and when I spoke to you of him said he ought to be rewarded by promotion to rank of major-general, and I hope it will be done. He is attached to the Third Army Corps. I also would respectfully request that Colonel R. B. Potter, Fifty-first New York Regiment, be promoted to brigadier-general.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., May 9, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: Major-General Franklin's pamphlet on the battle of Fredericksburg has been before the public for some weeks, and, no doubt, has attracted your attention.

General Franklin states positively that after that battle you urged the President to remove from office the Secretary of War and General-in-Chief. In the absence of any contradiction of this positive statement, it must be presumed that it is correct. As you could have had no motives personal to yourself for giving this advice to the President, and as you were well that I was placed in my present position contrary to my own wishes, and that I had endeavored to be relieved from it, I am bound to believe that in my case you were actuated in giving the alleged advice to the President solely by a desire to confer a personal favor upon me. I look at the matter in this light, and sincerely thank you for using your influence with the President, in the manner stated by General Franklin, to have me relieved from a thankless and disagreeable position, which you knew I did not wish to occupy.

Very truly, yours,H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, May 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Letter of the 9th just received. Never saw Franklin's pamphlet till day before yesterday. Shall answer it briefly as soon as I have time. It cannot hurt any of us after it is answered.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

